###Chapter: 1
My Flash Romance With the Richest Mogul 
Bedridden in a filthy room, Skylar Sullivan glowered at the two people on the couch. She had lost her limbs due to a car accident, and she was paralyzed on a narrow bed. 
The two on the couch paid no heed to her at all–or was it more accurate to say that they didn’t even regard her as a human being? 
Christopher Fowler said, ‘I’ve never liked her. She’s the one who has been clinging to me. Maisy, I’ve liked you ever since I was in college! You’re the love of my life.” 
Maisy Williams giggled. ‘Will she feel bad if we do this? Should we get someone to help her?” 
“As if anyone would be aroused given the state she’s in!” 
Skylar felt like cursing them for their brazenness, yet she could barely utter a word due to prolonged 
starvation. 
No one had tended to her since she had become crippled. Bedsores had eventually scarred her body, and her skin had begun to rot, emitting a foul odor. 
Christopher had been her boyfriend for seven years, and she had known him since she was young. Maisy had grown up with her parents in her stead, imposing on her position as the scion of the Williams family. 
Skylar’s gaze lingered upon the countless needle marks on her arm, She remembered how her blood had been incessantly drawn to be transfused into Maisy. Yet, this was how they repaid her. 
“Skylar, you shouldn’t even be alive! Your sole existence reminds me of my background. So what if you’re Mom and Dad’s biological daughter? They still didn’t treat you like one. Instead, they used you as my personal blood bank.” 
Maisy pecked Christopher’s lips, her condescending gaze looming over Skylar. “Even your man belongs to 
me now.” 
*Her existence means nothing. She should be honored that she’d been able to serve as your blood bank. Otherwise, how could we have possibly let her live until now?” Gazing at Maisy with deeply infatuated eyes, Christopher tightened his embrace around her. 
“That’s true. But now that I’m cured, I don’t need her anymore. Why isn’t she dead yet, even though we’ve 
starved her for days?” 
“Let’s force some meds down her throat later. It’ll only be a matter of time before she dies!” 
Tears filled Skylar’s emaciated face. Overwhelmed by hatred, she glared at them as an intense burning sensation began coursing through her body. 
She felt like she was being burned alive by the overdose. Blood gushed from her face, and life seeped out of her, drowning her in regret as she passed. 
“Skye, just endure this for a bit more. We only need another 14 ounces anyway. Won’t you feel guilty if anything happens to Maisy?” 
“Yeah, we’ve brought you back after all. You’ve already taken everything from Maisy, and she’s been dutiful to us in your stead all these years. We’re only asking you to give her some more blood. Don’t be so 
petty!” 
A middle–aged couple, Jeffrey Williams and Sadie Coleman, barked at Skylar, the loathing in their tone 
evident. 
They scowled at Skylar, whose head hung low in silence. The disdain in their expressions mirrored each 
other. 
Maisy, however, was cradled in their arms. The way they were so protective of her in front of Skylar made 
the latter seem like their enemy in comparison. 
“Dad, Mom, I’m fine. Don’t pester Skylar anymore. She’s mad at me because I haven’t done well enough,” Maisy pleaded, her face losing color. 
Jeffrey and Sadie were distressed. Once again, they hollered at Skylar, “You’re as fit as a fiddle! Why can’t 
you have some pity on Maisy?” 
“You don’t need her consent. We’re her parents, and we’ll decide for her. Just carry on with the procedure, 
they ordered the nurse. 
All of a sudden, Skylar sprang up. She sneered at her biological parents, finally realizing that she had been 
reborn. 
She had spent the rest of her life desperately trying to please them after they had brought her back home. 
Since she had the same extremely rare blood type as Maisy–Rh–negative–Jeffrey and Sadie had taken Maisy home with them by mistake. 
They had often told Skylar to donate blood to Maisy. Never once had she turned down their requests; after all, she had wanted to please them. 
Whenever she had done so, she had been bombarded with reprimands. Still, she had thought that she hadn’t done her best to impress them. Despite her health rapidly declining after each transfusion, she had complied with their request. 
The way Maisy had constantly feigned obedience and innocence in front of them had made Skylar look bad. 
Skylar had endured a jarringly long period of torture before she died. In fact, she had bled to death! 
“What are you looking at? Stop being so jumpy! You’ll scare Maisy. I really can’t expect any basic courtesy from a country bumpkin like you,” Sadie chastised. 
Jeffrey furrowed his brows. “Skye, you’re not behaving yourself today. I’m very disappointed! Tell me if you need anything, but don’t make a scene at the hospital.” 
“Skylar, I’ll give you my birthday present, okay? It’s a Ferrari I received from Dad yesterday. I really need your blood. I promise I’ll give you everything nice I have in the future. Don’t be mad at me,” Maisy pleaded, holding Skylar’s hand. 
“What on earth are you saying? That’s your present! Why would you give her a car when she doesn’t even know how to drive? 
“Skye, you’re absurd! Why are you always coveting Maisy’s stuff? You’ve already taken us away from her, and now you’re snatching her things away from her as well? Sadie was outraged. She raised a hand to strike Skylar. 
A triumphant glint flickered in Maisy’s eyes. So what if Skylar was Jeffrey and Sadie’s biological daughter? She was still inferior to her. 
kylar’s indifferent gaze slid up to 
Sadie’s. 
Sadie froze, feeling somehow unsettled. “What do you want?” 
“Sit down! Stop making a scene!” Jeffrey bellowed.. 
Skylar asked grimly, “Will she die without my blood?” 
“Skylar, a–are you trying to kill me?” Maisy staggered backward, seemingly taken aback by Skylar’s words. 
“How can you be so cruel? Are you actually trying to kill Maisy? How did I ever give birth to a monster like you? You’re a disappointment. I regret bringing you back into our family!” Sadie shrieked, her face puce with anger. 
Sadie genuinely detested Skylar. She was constantly awash in embarrassment whenever she went out with Skylar. [1] 
Frankly, Skylar wasn’t an obedient and considerate child at all. What was 
some of her blood? 
the big deal about donating 
“Skylar, Mom’s health isn’t that great. Please don’t upset her, okay? It’s all my fault.” Maisy sobbed. 
Jeffrey’s expression hardened as he berated Skylar like he always,did. “Skylar, apologize to your mom and Maisy!” 
In her previous life, Skylar had apologized obediently whenever Jeffrey had roared at her for an apology after they had thrown all sorts of accusations at her. Still, it hadn’t been enough to satisfy them. 
They had complained that she was only pretending to be weak after every transfusion, which resulted in very little blood being extracted from her. 
Glancing down at the needle marks on her arm, Skylar snapped, “You should be the ones apologizing. But even if you apologize, I won’t accept it. I will settle the scores later.” Her tone grew resolute. 
As her last word fell, she strode out of the hospital. All of a sudden, a jolt of pain shot through her as she took her first step 
Her eyes reddened as she stared down at her feet. It felt so good to be able to walk again. She would settle the score with them later. Right now, she had something more important to stop. 
###Chapter: 2
“Skylar, don’t bother coming back if you step out of the door!” Sadie gaped at Skylar in shock, who had just left decisively. 
The veins on Sadie’s temples throbbed with rage, Skylar was extremely out of line today! 
*How dare she? Jeff, what are we going to do now?” Infuriated, Sadie swerved toward Jeffrey. 
Jeffrey trailed after Skylar solemnly. His expression darkened when he saw how she left the hospital without a hint of hesitation. 
“She doesn’t have any money with her, so there’s nowhere she can go. She’ll apologize to us tomorrow. Then, we can proceed with the blood transfusion.” 
“A 
*A troublemaker, that’s what she is! We can’t just forgive her easily, even if she apologizes to us tomorrow. We can’t spoil her anymore,” Sadie chimed in, utterly exasperated. 
“Mom, don’t be mad! It’s not good for your health. Maybe Skylar–will return tonight,” Maisy said, her eyes glinting. 
Skylar couldn’t shy away from her responsibility to donate her blood to Maisy. She might have thrown a huge tantrum earlier, but she would show up all docile and submissive again tomorrow. 
Maisy was determined to prove her utmost significance in the family to Skylar. Everyone cherished her, and even Skylar’s identity as the Williams family’s biological daughter couldn’t change that. 
Skylar rummaged through her bag for her phone after she left the hospital. Her hand quivered slightly as she dialed a number. 1 
She had to make this decision quickly. 
“Grandma Gloria, I’ve changed my mind. I will marry your grandso 
A smile spread across her features as she imagined Gloria Hinman’s delighted smile on the other end of the phone. 
Skylar mused over her past after she hung up. Gloria was an old friend of Viola Zindel’s, who was neighbors with Skylar’s adoptive mother, Janine Yancey. 
Viola had moved to the countryside around three decades ago. Skylar had thought that Viola must have been lonely, so she had kept Viola company during her free time. In return, Viola had taught her many things. 
Later, Skylar had left the countryside for college. One time, when Viola had visited her at her college, she had brought Gloria with her as well. Skylar had kept in touch with Gloria since then. 
One day, Gloria had suddenly brought Joe Martin to meet Skylar at a restaurant. She had intended for Joe to marry Skylar. 
Churptel 2 
It had been Skylar’s first time meeting Joe. Dressed in an impeccably tailored suit, Joe had stood out in the crowd. She hadn’t dared to meet his eyes, for she feared the indifference in his gaze. 
He had said that he was fine with Gloria’s proposal. Gloria had been waiting for Skylar’s response since 
then. 
However, Skylar had been completely besotted with Christopher back then. She had told Gloria that she had a boyfriend, and Gloria had been extremely disappointed. 
Joe had called her the next day, saying that Gloria was ill and that she only had three years left to live. Their marriage was her only wish. 
He had said that if Skylar agreed to marry him, he would fulfill all of her demands, as long as they were 
reasonable. Nonetheless, she had refused his proposal. 
She had gotten into an accident not long after, and she had needed an exorbitant amount for the surgery fees. Jeffrey and Sadie had refused to save her back then, thinking of her as a burden after she had been 
amputated. 
But Gloria had happened to learn about Skylar’s situation. She paid for Skylar’s surgery and the subsequent rehabilitation expenses. 
Skylar had later discovered that Sadie and Christopher had put on an act in front of Gloria. Sadie had 
bawled her eyes out, saying that she would treat Skylar well from then on. 
Gloria had fallen for it. She had even had Joe assist Jeffrey’s company through their crisis. 
After that, Christopher and Maisy had dismissed Gloria’s attempts to visit Skylar. 
Skylar’s soul had lingered around for a bit after she had died. Gloria had visited her, and she had seen Glora weeping over her body. 
Revenge wasn’t her only purpose in this life; she also wanted to repay Gloria’s kindness. 
The odds weren’t in her favor, though. She had just rejected Joe the day before she had been reborn. She 
was worried that she would appear fickle and that he would turn down her offer. 
Skylar stowed her phone away in her bag and marched toward the bus stop. Her phone rang once she 
reached the stop. 
Joe’s cool voice echoed from the other end of the line. “Ms. Williams, why did you change your mind?” 
Skylar’s gaze fell on the bus stop sign. “Your proposal sounded great, Mr. Martin.” 
Joe lapsed into silence. Shortly after, he said in a composed manner, “Let’s meet at the courthouse at 3: 00 pm today.” 
In Martin Group’s building, Joe signaled to his assistant, Paul Ziegler, to continue speaking after he hung up. 
“The Williams family brought Ms. Williams back six months ago. She’d been living with her adoptive 
parents in the countryside since she was young. 
“She met her boyfriend, Christopher, in high school. They started dating in high school, and they went to different colleges after they graduated. I’m still looking into other details.” Paul reported the
findings of his brief investigation on Skylar 
Several pictures of her were placed on the desk. Looking at her photos, Joe noted the intimacy between her and Christopher in a picture where their arms were interlocked with each other. 
Both of them seemed youthful, but Skylar’s youth didn’t hinder the fact that she was a dazzling beauty. 
“By the way, Ms. Williams has been donating blood to the Williams family’s adopted daughter, Maisy, for the past six months,” Paul added. 
Joe glanced at his watch, confirming the time. “Prepare a three–year covert marriage agreement.” 
Paul was slightly surprised. He hadn’t expected Joe to be so decisive about marrying Skylar, who already had a fiance. Wasn’t he worried that Skylar had a trick up her sleeve? 
Skylar arrived at the courthouse at 2:55 pm after taking the bus and the subway. 
She had her personal documents in her bag, she planned to proceed with the process of officially separating from Jeffrey and Sadie after donating blood that day. 
Her eyes glinted coldly. She would never be part of the Williamses again in this life. 
Joe arrived promptly in five minutes. Skylar met his gaze the moment she glanced up. 
Indifference shrouded his eyes, and he exuded an air of sophistication. As he stared at her, the scrutiny in his piercing gaze was evident. 
Skylar wasn’t surprised. If she were him, she would wonder why she had changed her mind as well. 
“Sign this agreement before we register for marriage.” Joe withdrew his gaze swiftly and handed two documents over to her. 
As she skimmed through the documents, Skylar noticed that it was clearly stated in the agreement that they were to be divorced after three years. 
Their marriage was to remain a secret during those three years. Aside from displaying their married status in front of Gloria, it was mandatory for Skylar to keep their relationship a secret in public. 
“I have no ions to your terms. I won’t pester you once we get a divorce after three years.” 
Joe stopped her when she was just about to sign the agreement. “There will be no room for regrets after you sign this. Have you thought this through?” 
Skylar nodded briskly. “Yes.“. 
“What are your conditions?” Joe inquired. 
Realizing what he meant, Skylar suddenly reined in her words just as she was about to say that she had 
###Chapter: 3
“I know Grandma Gloria asked you to help the Williamses, but…” 
Joe raised his brows, wondering if Skylar thought the Williamses deserved a higher status. 
Though Jeffrey simply wasn’t fit for it, Joe would still agree to her terms if that was her condition for the 
marriage arrangement. 
“I hope you’ll stop helping them.” Skylar dropped her gaze, fearing the malice in her eyes would throw him 
off. 
“Oh?” Joe was slightly taken aback. Nevertheless, he didn’t question any further. 
Seeing that Skylar had signed the documents, he glanced at his watch. “Let’s go.” 
“Alright.” 
The courthouse wasn’t busy, so they managed to obtain their marriage certificate quickly. Everything still felt unreal to Skylar as she strode out of the courthouse and stared at the certificate. 
Joe’s voice rang from beside her. “Let’s exchange our numbers. I’ll send you my address; you should 
move in with me in two days.” 
Before Skylar could refuse, he left promptly. She had planned to move in with Gloria. Not once had she ever considered living with Joe. 
However, she wasn’t against this particular arrangement. A harmonious facade of their loving marriage life would put Gloria at ease, after all. 
Skylar checked the time. It was 3:30 pm, and she could still head back to Williams Residence to retrieve her belongings. She wouldn’t even step into their house again if it weren’t for the valuable items Viola had 
given her. 
Her phone rang on her way to Williams Residence. Without checking the caller ID, she answered the call 
swiftly. 
“Hello?” 
“Babe, Maisy called me earlier. She said you got into a fight with Jeffrey and Sadie at the hospital over her 
blood transfusion. 
“I feel like it’s quite inappropriate of you to do so. You’ll upset them, and Maisy needs your blood as well. Your relationship with them will become strained if you leave them right away. 
“Where are you? I’ll come find you, and you have to apologize properly to Jeffrey and Sadie later! We’ll head to the hospital tomorrow early in the morning. 
“Also, do you want to go watch a movie together after you’ve donated your blood?” Christopher coaxed her from the other end of the phone. 
Skylar clenched her phone. She had loved Christopher with all her heart back then, and her feelings 
toward him had been unwavering from high school to college. 
The day he’d graduated, he’d claimed that she was the love of his life and said he wanted to marry her. 
At this point, Skylar had come to the conclusion that men’s promises were nothing but bullshit. Everything she had experienced in the year she had been paralyzed felt just like yesterday to her. 
Christopher was slightly enraged by Skylar’s lack of response. “Babe, are you there? Is the signal bad on your end? Should I text you on WhatsApp instead?” 
“I’m breaking up with you, dumbass.” Skylar could no longer bear being acquainted with Christopher. She hung up swiftly. 
Her phone began buzzing with notifications, yet she completely ignored them. She hadn’t blocked Christopher yet because it wasn’t the right time to do so. 
Soon, Skylar arrived at Williams Residence. Jeffrey and the others hadn’t returned because of the rush hour traffic. They probably wouldn’t be back for another 30 minutes. 
Since Skylar had only moved in there about six months ago, she didn’t have a lot of things. One suitcase. was enough for her to pack her things 
When she descended the stairs, she saw an antique painting hung in a corner of the living room. 
The painting was hung in an extremely inconspicuous spot. Skylar had spent three long months restoring it so she could give it to Sadie as her birthday present, but Sadie hadn’t been impressed. 
She had told the maid to hang in the least conspicuous place in the living room. 
Skylar had felt glum back then. Sadie had even looked impatient when Skylar had offered to explain the origin and significance of the painting. In contrast, she had gleefully accepted the designer bag Maisy had 
given her. 
Sadie certainly 
didn’t deserve the painting, nor did she deserve Skylar’s sincerity. 
Skylar strode toward the painting and took it off the wall carefully. After rolling it up meticulously, she stowed it away in her suitcase. 
Jeffrey, Sadie, and Maisy returned after 40 minutes. Glancing around and realizing that Skylar was nowhere to be seen, Sadie frowned. “Lucy, has Skylar come back?” 
The maid, Lucy Sanders, set her work aside in a haste and replied, “Ms. Skylar returned half an hour ago, then she left again with a suitcase.” 
“Left with a suitcase?” Sadie screeched. 
“Yes, Mrs. Williams.” Lucy nodded. 
Maisy was taken aback. She had assumed she would be greeted with a sheepish–looking Skylar and her apologies. Hadn’t Christopher said that he would deal with her? 
“Did she run away from home?” Maisy inquired. 
Jeffrey was outraged. “If she has the guts to run away, then she shouldn’t bother coming back! Such 
30 
insolence! I’m terminating her credit card now!” Skylar had really brought shame upon him. 
“I’ll go check her room now. Maybe she’s just trying to scare us by running away. I bet she wants a car as well. She’s hopeless!” Furrowing her brows, Sadie dashed upstairs into Skylar’s room. 
She rarely went into Skylar’s room. When she opened the door, she was momentarily startled by the empty and plain room. A sense of uneasiness prickled at her. 
“Mom, I think I’ll leave. I don’t think Skylar wants to see me at home. She’ll come back once I’m gone.” Maisy said, approaching Sadie. She noticed that Sadie was lost in her thoughts. 
Maisy 
sensed that things were spiraling out of her control. She should be the only one pampered in this family! Skylar was always meant to be inferior to her. 
Snapping back to her senses, Sadie turned toward Maisy and said warmly, “Just imagine what it would be like if she were as sensible as you are. Just ignore her. She can go whenever she wants.” 
“Skylar grew up in the countryside, after all. It’s normal that she lacks basic courtesy since her adoptive mom only graduated from middle school. 
“Mom, she’ll become more sensible after we teach her. She’ll come to respect you and Dad just like I do,” Maisy chirped. 
Sadie grew annoyed whenever she heard about Skylar’s past. 
“Skylar’s been studying in college for a few years now, hasn’t she? By right, she should be sensible and mature. The truth is, she’s just a narrow–minded and ungrateful whelp! 
“Don’t bother about her. Let’s go down and eat,” she said. 
In the cab, Skylar took in the view of the bustling streets outside the window. Everything felt like a dream- she had really been reborn. 
“Miss, your phone has been ringing.” The driver chanced a glance at her through the rearview mirror. He thought she looked pretty. She appeared to be only in her 20s, but the sullen look in her eyes said otherwise. Had something happened to her? Her phone had been ringing incessantly. 
“It’s fine. It’s the scammers,” Skylar replied, looking down at her phone. Christopher had been spamming her on WhatsApp. 
She could imagine how agitated he was right now, but that image in her mind soon overlapped with the image of him devouring Maisy. Her grip on her phone tightened, and the ringing stopped. 
Another call came in instantly. 
Skylar’s lashes fluttered slightly when she saw that it was from Joe. 
###Chapter: 4
Skylar picked up the call. “Mr. Martin.” 
“Grandma would like to meet you tonight. Do you have time?” Joe’s cool voice echoed from the other end 
of the phone. 
Just as Skylar was about to reply, the cab had already made its way into Galaxy Villa. 
“I’ve arrived at Galaxy Villa. I’d like to meet Grandma Gloria as well.” 
She had only gotten married to Joe for Gloria’s sake. Now that Gloria wanted to see her, she would 
certainly set aside other affairs to meet her. 
The call went silent for a few seconds before Joe’s voice rang through again. “Wait at home for about half an hour. Paul will pick you up.” 
“Alright. Thanks.” Skylar hung up and entered the villa. Joe had given her the villa’s password, so she didn’t encounter any issues. 
Just as she had changed into slippers, her phone suddenly rang again. Amidst the silence that hung in the villa, the noise of her ringtone was deafening. 
Skylar took her phone out and realized it was a call from Sadie. She sneered and declined her call. Frankly, she was in no mood to entertain those scumbags since she was going to meet Gloria tonight. 
Upon realizing that Skylar had refused her call, Sadie’s expression darkened. 
“Jeff, Skye actually rejected my call!” 
Jeffrey lost his composure immediately. Infuriated, he bellowed, “What are you calling her for? You should’ve just let her be! 
“She’s been out of college for three months, and she hasn’t even secured a job. She’s literally penniless. Don’t give her any money either. Let’s see how long she can hold up!” 
“You’re right. She didn’t grow up with us, after all. That explains why she isn’t close with us, and she doesn’t understand us either. Maisy is much more sensible.” At that thought, Sadie grew even fonder of 
Maisy, 
“I’ve terminated her card. Ignore her, and she’ll come back in two days.” 
“Once she’s back, I’ll definitely teach her a lesson.” 
It was already dark out. A Maybach MPV pulled up in front of Pearlhall Residence, the Martin family. residence, and Skylar emerged from the car. She thanked Paul swiftly. 
Paul was slightly surprised. During their journey to Pearlhall Residence, Skylar hadn’t asked about Joe’s 
insolence! I’m terminating her credit card now!” Skylar had really brought shame upon him. 
“I’ll go check her room now. Maybe she’s just trying to scare us by running away. I bet she wants a car as well. She’s hopeless!” Furrowing her brows, Sadie dashed upstairs into Skylar’s room. 
She rarely 
rarely went into Skylar’s room. When she opened the door, she was momentarily startled by the empty and plain room. A sense of uneasiness prickled at her. 
“Mom, I think I’ll leave. I don 
I think Skylar wants to see me at home. She’ll come back once I’m gone.” Maisy said, approaching Sadie. She noticed that Sadie was lost in her thoughts. 
Maisy sensed that things were spiraling out of her control. She should be the only one pampered in this family! Skylar was always meant to be inferior to her. 
Snapping back to her senses, Sadie turned toward Maisy and said warmly, “Just imagine what it would be like if she were as sensible as you are. Just ignore her. She can go whenever she wants.” [1] 
“Skylar grew up in the countryside, after all. It’s normal that she lacks basic courtesy since her adoptive mom only graduated from middle school. 
“Mom, she’ll become more sensible after we teach her. She’ll come to respect you and Dad just like I do,” Maisy chirped. 
Sadie grew annoyed whenever she heard about Skylar’s past. 
“Skylar’s been studying in college for a few years now, hasn’t she? By right, she should be sensible and mature. The truth is, she’s just a narrow–minded and ungrateful whelp! 
down and est 
“Don’t bother about her. Let’s go down and eat,” she said. 
In the cab, Skylar took in the view of the bustling streets outside the window. Everything felt like a dream- she had really been reborn. 
“Miss, your phone has been ringing.” The driver chanced a glance at her through the rearview mirror. He thought she looked pretty. She appeared to be only in her 20s, but the sullen look in her eyes said otherwise. Had something happened to her? Her phone had been ringing incessantly. 
“It’s fine. It’s the scammers, Skylar replied, looking down at her phone. Christopher had been spamming her on WhatsApp. 
She could imagine how agitated he was right now, but that image in her mind soon overlapped with the image of him devouring Malsy. Her grip on her phone tightened, and the ringing stopped. 
Another call came in instantly. 
Skylar’s lashes fluttered slightly when she saw that it was from Joe. 
Skylar picked up the call. “Mr. Martin.” 
“Grandma would like to meet you tonight. Do you have time?” Joe’s cool voice echoed from the other end of the phone. 
Just as Skylar was about to reply, the cab had already made its way into Galaxy Villa. 
“I’ve arrived at Galaxy Villa. I’d like to meet Grandma Gloria as well.” 
She had only gotten married to Joe for Gloria’s sake. Now that Gloria wanted to see her, she would certainly set aside other affairs to meet her. 
The call went silent for a few seconds before Joe’s voice rang through again, “Wait at home for about half 
an hour. Paul will pick you up.” 
“Alright. Thanks. Skylar hung up and entered the villa. Joe had given her the villa’s password, so she 
didn’t encounter any issues. 
Just as she had changed into slippers, her phone suddenly rang again. Amidst the silence that hung in the 
villa, the noise of her ringtone was deafening. 
Skylar took her phone out and realized it was a call from Sadie. She sneered and declined her call. Frankly, she was in no mood to entertain those scumbags since she was going to meet Gloria tonight. 
Upon realizing that Skylar had refused her call, Sadie’s expression darkened. 
“Jeff, Skye actually rejected my call!” 
Jeffrey lost his composure immediately. Infuriated, he bellowed, “What are you calling her for? You 
should’ve just let her be! 
“She’s been out of college for three months, and she hasn’t even secured a job. She’s literally penniless. Don’t give her any money either. Let’s see how long she can hold up!” 
“You’re right. She didn’t grow up with us, after all. That explains why she isn’t close with us, and she doesn’t understand us either, Maisy is much more sensible.” At that thought, Sadie grew even fonder of 
Maisy. 
“Ive terminated her card. Ignore her, and she’ll come back in two days.” 
“Once she’s back, I’ll definitely teach her a lesson.” 
It was already dark out. A Maybach MPV pulled up in front of Pearlhall Residence, the Martin family residence, and Skylar emerged from the car. She thanked Paul swiftly. 
Paul was slightly surprised. During their journey to Pearlhall Residence, Skylar hadn’t asked about Joe’s 
whereabouts. 
Both of them had just registered their marriage this afternoon. In fact, it would only be natural for Skylar 
to wonder where Joe was. 
Women in Jipsburg had coveted Joe for years. To be honest, Paul had thought that Skylar was using 
Gloria to get close to Joe. 
Other women just weren’t as fortunate as Skylar had been when it came to winning Gloria’s favor. Now, he was intrigued to find out whether Skylar would inquire about Joe’s whereabouts. 
As Skylar trailed after the butler, Edgar Quinn, who greeted her at the entrance, Paul arched his eyebrows 
in surprise. 
However, Skylar called out to him as he turned to leave. “Mr. Ziegler. 
Paul halted his steps. As expected, she was going to ask about Joe’s whereabouts. 
“Is your emerald charm a family heirloom, or was it a gift from someone else?” Skylar stared at the emerald charm resting on Paul’s neck, a glint flickering in her eyes. 
Paul was stunned. Glancing down on the emerald charm he wore, he replied, “It was a gift. I quite like it, 
so I’ve been wearing it a lot lately. I heard it’s from around 1368 to 1644 AD.” 
A faint smile spread across Skylar’s face. It was still bright out when Paul had come to pick her up, so she 
had been able to see the charm clearly. 
The engraving on it resembled the style of the impressionist painter, Clyde Monet. It exuded an air of 
sophistication. 
Since Skylar had to repay Gloria’s favor and she was already married to Joe, she couldn’t just stand by and watch Joe get sabotaged by the people around him. They were bound together by a contract, after all. 
Her gaze fell on a spot on the charm. There was a dark mark there, indicating that blood had seeped in. 
“The charm is indeed from 1368 to 1644 AD.” Skylar nodded. However, it wasn’t auspicious at all. 
“I couldn’t tear my eyes away from it the moment I saw it. Ms. Williams, is this your forte?” Paul stroked his charm. Indeed, the charm was breathtakingly gorgeous. 
“Yeah, but I’m not an expert, though,” Skylar replied. 
*The person who gave this to me mentioned that it was carved by a famous painter from 1368 to 1644 
1. AD. It’s definitely worth collecting. 
“Forgive me for being blunt, but I think your charm was probably looted from a dead body. It’ll bring 
misfortune to the wearer and those around him. 
“Mr. Ziegler, you haven’t worn it for more than ten days, right?” Skylar said, unbothered by the fact that Paul would probably be scared out of his wits. 
He was always around Gloria. Given Gloria’s current health condition, she was prone to falling ill. 
Paul was flabbergasted. “Looted from a dead person?” His hands, which were clasped around the charm, 
quavered. 
“How do you know, Ms. Williams?” 
Could it be that she was trying to scare him? Was it just because he hadn’t informed her about Joe’s 
schedule? Still, it was unlikely 
Skylar glanced at her watch. “I have to meet with Grandma Gloria now. If you trust me, take it off and return it to the person who gave it to you. Otherwise, don’t see Grandma Gloria for a month.” 
He would naturally believe in her after a month. Even though Joe, who was often with Paul, would have a 
streak of bad luck, Skylar was unfazed. She would be content as long as Gloria remained well. 
With that, she promptly followed Edgar into the mansion. 
Paul, on the other hand, was left in a daze at the entrance. Still spiraling in turmoil, he was caught in a 
dilemma about whether to continue wearing the charm or not. 
Gloria’s face broke into a warm smile as she walked over to Skylar. Tears glistened in her eyes. 
*Skye, I couldn’t sleep all night after you rejected my proposal yesterday. Fortunately you changed your 
mind! Hurry up and show me your marriage certificate.” 
“I’m sorry, Grandma Gloria. Skylar’s heart ached as she saw Gloria weeping. 
“Stop calling me ‘Grandma Gloria‘. You’re my granddaughter–in–law now, so just ‘Grandma‘ will do.” Gloria brushed her tears away, lamenting that she could no longer hold back her emotions due to old age. 
Skylar handed the marriage certificate to Gloria. “Alright, Grandma.” 
Taking the certificate from her, Gloria broke into a wide grin. “This is great,” she murmured. “Skye, you’ll 
come to know that Joe is a really reliable person. You won’t regret marrying him.” 
Gloria scrutinized the certificate carefully, as if she would never get enough of it. 
Skylar nodded in agreement. Despite having seen Joe only twice, she could tell that he was a reliable 
man. 
The fact that he had even sacrificed his marriage for Gloria’s sake was enough proof of respect for her. 
“Oh yeah, Skye. I remembered that Viola had left a letter with me before. She told me to pass it on to you if you got married within a year. 
“If you didn’t, I was supposed to pretend that I’d never received anything like that. Seeing that you’re 
already married to Joe, it’s about time to pass the letter to you.” 
Gloria took a letter from the table beside her and passed it to Skylar. 
Upon hearing about Viola, Skylar asked hastily, “Grandma, do you have any news regarding Grandma Viola?” 
“You can’t find her if she doesn’t want to be found. She called me a year ago, before she left, asking ust 
not to worry about her.” Gloria sighed, shaking her head. 
Skylar felt a lump welling up in her throat. As she recalled how defiant she had been toward Viola in her 
past life, she felt distressed. 
###Chapter: 5
Ever since Skylar had been young, Viola had warned her that she shouldn’t put the skills Viola had taught 
her to use before she got married. 
That was the case for the knowledge Skylar had learned from Viola’s books as well. Viola had also told 
her not to disclose what she had learned to Janine. Otherwise, she would be in deep trouble. 
Back in Skylar’s previous life. Christopher’s mother, Amelia Campbell, had needed roughly one million dollars to cover the expenses for her kidney transplant. 
Unable to bear the sight of Christopher being distraught, Skylar had secretly helped someone restore a 
painting. She had gotten exactly one million dollars in return. 
A few days after that, she had gone shopping with Sadie. When she had seen a truck speeding toward 
them, she had shoved Sadie aside without thinking twice. 
That was how Skylar had ended up being paralyzed from the waist down. 
Fortunately, none of those events had yet to happen in Skylar’s current life. She had not seen Viola again, 
not even before she had died in her past life. 
As Skylar read the letter Viola had left for her, she couldn’t contain her emotions any longer. The sense of familiarity in Viola’s handwriting made the flood of tears give way. 
Skylar learned from the letter that Viola had made one last divination. 
Viola had given the last of her fortune to Skylar, having predicted that Skylar would encounter a calamity 
in her life so great that it would probably kill her. 
She might not even live past three years 
In the letter, Viola also said that if Skylar were reading this letter, it meant that she had survived that calamity, akin to the rebirth of a phoenix. Now, Skylar knew no limits but the skies. 
Finally, Viola told her that they would eventually meet someday. Their reunion wasn’t supposed to be 
forced. 
When Skylar was young, she had wanted to learn divinations from Viola. Viola had turned her down, 
saying that it wasn’t a gift to be able to read divinations. 
Though Skylar wasn’t as skilled as Viola was, she could still sense whether certain antiques were auspicious or inauspicious. Later, she had focused more on Viola’s books instead. 
“Oh, dear, Skyel Why are you crying? Is something wrong?” The sight of Skylar crying made Gloria’s heart 
ache. 
For some reason, she felt awash in anguish whenever she saw Skylar’s tears. Noting how aggrieved Skylar seemed, she was suddenly reminded of something 
“Grandma, I’m fine. I just miss Grandma Viola too much.” Skylar’s tears subsided, and she smiled. She didn’t want Gloria to worry. 
After a while, Gloria called Joe in secret while Skylar was in the bathroom. “You brat, did you give Skye a hard time at the courthouse today?” 
Joe was about to leave after completing his work. He was stunned by Gloria’s question. “What did she tell 
you?” 
I 
Gloria snorted. “She didn’t say a thing. Have you forgotten how perceptive I am? I could tell she’s upset.” 
“It wasn’t me.” Joe strode toward the elevator, pressing his temples. What was Skylar trying to gain from 
Gloria? 
He 
thought she would abide by the terms of their agreement when they had registered for their marriage 
earlier. Now, it appeared that she was quite shrewd, 
A cold glint flashed across Joe’s eyes. 
“It’s better not be you! Come over and pick her up tonight. Remember the task I gave you–I need a great- 
grandchild as soon as possible,” Gloria ordered before hanging up. 
Joe felt utterly helpless. Just as the elevator arrived, he noticed that Paul seemed disoriented. He had 
been distracted ever since he had dropped Skylar off at Pearlhall Residence. 
“What’s wrong with you?” Joe asked. 
Sullenly, Paul produced the emerald charm, which was still on his neck. He told Joe about everything Skylar had said in front of the mansion. They were the only ones in the elevator. 
Paul asked, “Did I offend Ms. Williams in any sort? That would explain why she spooked me out. Such 
superstitiousness is absurd.” 
It was just an emerald charm. How could Skylar possibly tell if it was looted from a dead person? 
Joe raised his eyebrows, and his expression hardened. He felt like Gloria had been tricked by Skylar. 
“Just ignore her,” he said coldly. 
Paul nodded fervently. “Alright.” 
He finally felt at ease after being in turmoil for an hour 
he figured Skylar must have intended to frighten him. 
or two. Now that Joe had told him to ignore Skylar, 
As he marveled at how valuable the charm was, he thought it would serve as a great family heirloom. He planned to pass it down through the generations of his family. 
The elevator descended to the first floor rapidly. Just as it reached the 30th floor, it suddenly shook. violently. The lights in the elevator flickered thrice before returning to normal. 
They figured it was just a minor malfunction, but the elevator suddenly plummeted downward at an alarming speed. Even Joe, who was usually composed, seemed slightly perturbed. 
Paul’s eyes widened. “Holy crap!” Was he going to die here today? 
The lights in the elevator completely died down. 
“Mr. Martin!” Paul shrieked in terror. 
Eerily, the elevator came to a sudden halt just as it was about to crash to the ground. The lights that had gone out earlier illuminated the entire elevator again, as if their earlier predicament had just been an 
illusion. 
Paul gulped. He belatedly realized he was sitting in the corner in a sorry state, whereas Joe seemed unscathed. His gaze seemed more intense than usual. 
After surviving the ordeal, he instinctively glanced down at the emerald charm resting on his neck. Damn, this was creepy! 
Pulling the charm off his neck, Paul scrutinized it. “Why do I feel like Ms. Williams wasn’t joking with me?” 
Joe arched his brows. Not once had he ever indulged in such superstitious beliefs. 
He glanced up at the ceiling of the elevator and said, “Call the technicians over and have them thoroughly inspect and repair all the elevators in the building. The elevators must be usable tomorrow.” 
“Alright!” 
As Joe strode out of the elevator, Paul remarked nervously, “Mr. Martin, could you help me ask Ms. Williams whether she was joking or not? Can I still wear this thing?” 
Paul would never have been this conflicted if it hadn’t been for the incident earlier. 
Glancing over at the exquisite emerald charm in Paul’s hands, Joe replied, “Wear it. It was just an accident earlier.” He implied that Paul shouldn’t give much heed to Skylar’s advice. 
Paul thought Joe made a lot of sense. “I’ll call the technicians now.” 
He figured the entire technical support team would seemingly lose their bonuses. How could they trap Joe in the elevator and have him experience a terrifying ordeal? 
It seemed like they would have to pull an all–nighter to inspect all the elevators now. 
When Joe arrived at Pearlhall Residence, he noted how delighted Gloria looked. 
She hadn’t been particularly warm to him for the past few years, but she was now laughing heartily with Skylar as they watched a dating variety show on television. 
###Chapter: 6
In the past two years, Gloria’s favorite show had changed from dramatic soap operas to dating variety shows. The more scripted it was, the more she enjoyed it. 
It seemed that Skylar indeed got along with Gloria. 
Joe’s gaze intensified as he scrutinized Skylar, who was engrossed in discussing the show’s participants with Gloria. He had been standing there for some time, yet none of them had acknowledged his presence. 
Gloria saw him first. Startled, she raised her brows and asked, “When did you come? You didn’t even 
make a sound!” 
Skylar glanced at him, and the smile on her face vanished in an instant. She nodded at him politely. 
“I just got here.” 
Skylar’s drastic change of expression slightly threw Joe off. He felt like he had overlooked something, but 
he couldn’t be sure. 
“How could you work until so late when you’ve just gotten married today? You’re still being held up at work for so long, even when you have so many people working for you! 
“In that case, I think it’s about time to restructure the company. Hurry up and go back to Galaxy Villa with Skye. Treat her well, okay?” 
Gloria rolled her eyes at Joe. She missed how adorable he had been as a child; his current aloofness 
upset her. 
Well, she preferred Skylar a lot more now. She reveled in Skylar’s company because they could watch and discuss dating shows together. 
Joe let out a subdued response in agreement. He said nothing further. 
Sending daggers his way, Gloria said, “It’s a blessing that you were able to marry Skye! You better treat her 
well.” 
Joe frowned. He was curious about how on earth Skylar had managed to appease Gloria. 
“Grandma, I’ve already prepared the herbs for your foot soak. Make sure to soak your feet before you go 
to bed, Skylar reminded, worried that Gloria might be too engrossed in the variety show. 
Gloria nodded vigorously. “Alright! I’ll do whatever you say. I’ll soak my feet now.” 
Joe was rendered speechless. 
There was no traffic on the road, so they arrived at Galaxy Villa within 30 minutes. They had been 
completely silent along the way. 
When Joe entered the house, he noticed a small suitcase at the door. Its size left him in awe. A few 
things were propped on top of the suitcase, one of them being a rolled–up painting. It seemed antique. 
“There are four rooms on the second floor. One of them is mine; you can pick whichever room you like,” Joe said after changing into slippers. 
Although they were legally married, he had no intention of making love to her during the three years they would be together. 
Judging from what he had heard about her from Paul as well, she seemed to have ulterior motives. 
Skylar concurred and also changed into slippers. Then, she went upstairs with her suitcase. Trailing after her, Joe pointed to one of the rooms. “This is my room.” 
“Alright.” Skylar continued walking and chose a room that was one room away from Joe’s. 
She could tell that Joe didn’t want to be acquainted with her. Thus, it would be better if they steered clear of each other. The last thing she wanted was to cause any unnecessary misunderstandings. 
Joe was slightly surprised by her cold and distant attitude. 
“It’s getting late, so I’ll get some rest first. Goodnight, Mr. Martin,” Skylar said before disappearing into her 
room. 
The sound of her door closing snapped Joe back to his senses. Raising his brows, he realized that he had been way too attentive to her today. 
Her existence was probably somewhat meaningful since she made Gloria happy. The rest wasn’t that 
important. 
An hour later, Skylar took a shower after she was finally done with unpacking her suitcase and arranging her belongings. After drying her hair, she plopped herself down on the bed and picked up her phone. 
There 
were 99 missed calls and countless unread messages on her silenced phone. Lying in her bed, she still felt detached after everything that had happened, 
She had been reborn, and she had gotten married to Joe in a heartbeat. Then, she had also gotten to 
meet Gloria again. 
The number of Christopher’s messages topped the rest. He was still sending her messages. There were also messages from Sadie, Jeffrey, and Maisy. 
Skylar clicked on Gloria’s mess first. Gloria had sent Skylar a picture of her soaking her feet and a 
voicemail. 
*Skye, I’ve already soaked my feet. It feels so comfortable! You don’t have to reply to me; I’m feeling kind of sleepy, so I’m going to head to bed now. 
“Oh, yeah, let me know if Joe mistreats you. I’ll teach him a lesson!” 
A surge of warmth flooded through Skylar. Her fingers danced across the screen as she thanked Gloria and sent a goodnight GIF to her. 
?
Skylar clicked on Christopher’s chat. He had bombarded her with countless voicemails. Given all the time they had spent in high school until now, he certainly knew her very well. 
The emojis he sent depicted how aggrieved he felt. The texts from him also showed how sorry and 
remorseful he was, and he begged her to speak to him. 
Skylar didn’t listen to any of his voicemails, worried that she might throw up if she did. Just as she was about to close chat and check what Sadie had said, Christopher called again. 
She answered the phone. 
“Skye, why have you been ignoring me for the entire day? I’ve been restless and unable to eat ever since you mentioned a breakup. You know I can’t live without you, right? 
“Are you mad at me because I told you to apologize to Jeffrey and Sadie? Skye, I’m doing this for your own good. You’ve just returned to their side, so you should get along with them.” 
Skylar immediately recalled how Christopher had played a vital role in influencing the way she had constantly sought approval from Jeffrey and Sadie. She sneered 
“Christopher.” 
“Yes, babe? I know you can’t bear to see me sad.” On the other end of the phone, Christopher raised his eyebrows smugly. He had her figured out after all. 
“There’s so much to learn in this world, yet you chose to master how to be a jerk! If you don’t want the cops to barge into your office, pay me back 100 thousand dollars in ten minutes,” Skylar hissed. She hung 
up promptly. 
A few days ago, Christopher had said that his family needed urgent money. 
Without probing into the situation, Skylar had transferred 100 thousand dollars to him instantly. Janine had been sending her money over these years, and Skylar had also saved up during college. 
Initially, she had intended to send the money to Janine. It wasn’t until she had been paralyzed in bed that she had found out that Christopher had splurged the money on buying clothes and skin care products for 
Maisy 
Scumbags like them should be stuck with each other for their entire lives. However, he had to return her 
money! 
Christopher was flabbergasted. Was Skylar out of her mind? How could she make him return the money? 
He had promised Maisy that he would go shopping with her on Saturday, and 100 thousand dollars might not even be enough for her to spend. 
He began to wonder whether he had been spoiling Skylar too much lately. She was delusional enough to think that she could just threaten him with a breakup. Did she think he really loved her? 
Christopher bet Skylar would apologize to him in less than two days. By then, she would listen to whatever he said. He clicked on Maisy’s chat. 
“Maisy, don’t forget that we’re meeting at Phoenix Mall’s main entrance at noon.” 
Chapter? 
###Chapter: 7
Skylar waited for ten minutes, but she didn’t receive the money from Christopher. She had known that he wouldn’t return the money. 
Within ten minutes, she collected various records of her transactions to him and screenshots of every 
conversation where he had promised to pay her back. 
This evidence was enough to file a lawsuit against him, or result in even worse circumstances if she 
wanted. She decided to report it as a scam to the police first. 
Next, she clicked on the messages from Sadie and Jeffrey. Both of them had reprimanded her for being disobedient, and Jeffrey specifically mentioned terminating her credit card. 
Now that she thought of it, she indeed had a card that Jeffrey had given her when she had first returned 
to the Williams family. But she had never used the card. 
Maisy’s messages were pretty straightforward; she had done nothing other than brag about Jeffrey’s and 
Sadie’s love for her. 
Her intention to mock Skylar was unmistakable. In Skylar’s previous life, Maisy’s gloating had often upset 
her. 
Fortunately, Skylar now had a chance to start all over again. She would only acknowledge Janine, her adoptive mother, as her own mother from now on. 
Her adoptive father, Finn Sullivan, had passed away in an accident when she had only been three years- old. As a result, Janine had laboriously raised four children alone. 
Just as Skylar was about to set aside her phone and drift off to sleep, she received another message. 
“Skye, are you getting used to life with the Williamses?” It was Steven Sullivan, her eldest brother who had always doted on her since childhood. 
Skylar stirred. “Steven, I’ve missed you.” 
Steven sent a voicemail the next instant. “Skye, just come back if you’re homesick. Mom has been mentioning you a lot these days.” 
“Same. I really, really miss Mom. I’ll come back tomorrow.” 
“I’ll cook for you once you’re back.” 
“How have you been doing lately? I remembered that you said you’re going to publish a paper, right?” 
Steven fell silent. He let out a chuckle shortly after. “I’m doing fine.” 
After hanging up, Skylar found a photo of her family in her album. Tears began to pool in her eyes as she stared at the photo. 
She hadn’t seen them in ages, not since she had become paralyzed. She had been able to answer their calls sometimes, but only when the Williamses were in a pleasant mood. 
Cute 7 
Jeffrey had refused to let anyone visit Skylar. Meanwhile, everyone had thought that she had been well 
taken care of. 
People had assumed that Sadie must have taken good care of her since she wouldn’t have had to amputate her leg if she hadn’t shoved Sadie aside. Besides, Sadie was her biological mother, after all. 
Wiping her tears away, Skylar switched off her phone. She needed to rest well since she couldn’t show up with swollen eyes once she returned home. 
Skylar’s alarm rang at six in the morning. Being used to waking up early, she went downstairs after a brief 
shower. 
When they had left Pearlhall Residence yesterday, Joe had told her that he didn’t prefer having maids 
around. 
Instead, he had people from Pearlhall Residence come over to clean every day. He rarely ate at home as 
well. 
Skylar went downstairs and rummaged through the refrigerator. Thankfully, there were some vegetables 
Inside. 
Seeing how fresh the ingredients were, she presumed that the people from Pearlhall Residence probably replenished and cleaned the refrigerator every day. 
She spotted a pack of noodles in the fridge, so she decided to make chicken noodle soup. 
Already dressed in a suit, Joe made his way downstairs and caught a whiff of the tantalizing aroma. 
Still not used to his married status, he was momentarily stunned when he saw Skylar cooking in the kitchen. The apron she wore couldn’t hide her luscious curves. 
Skylar also felt somehow uneasy when she left the kitchen with the noodles. She asked politely, “Mr Martin, do you want some chicken noodle soup for breakfast?” 
She had added mushrooms and vegetables as garnish. In fact, she preferred a hearty breakfast over mere toast and eggs. 
“Thanks, but I’m not used to having breakfast in the morning.” Joe refused blatantly. 
He left a black card behind before he left. ‘Use this card for your daily expenses and household needs.” 
Skylar glanced at it and took it. She was capable of earning her own money, so she didn’t need his card. However, refusing his offer would arouse his suspicions. 
She figured it would be better for her to accept it; she would return it once their contract had come to an 
end. 
At Martin Group, Paul brought Joe a cup of coffee as soon as Joe settled down in his office. 
Taking in the aroma of his coffee, Joe took a sip of it. As the liquid traveled down his throat to his stomach, he was suddenly reminded of Skylar’s steaming hot chicken noodle soup this morning. 
Paul was in the midst of reporting that day’s schedule to him, announcing that they were scheduled to visit the neighboring city in two hours. 
“Go to the restaurant across the street and order a chicken noodle soup takeout.” 
Upon hearing an instruction that was totally unrelated to work, Paul thought he must have misheard. Chicken noodle soup? Didn’t Joe dislike having breakfast? 
“Yes.” 
It turned out that Paul hadn’t misheard at all. Still puzzled by Joe’s sudden cravings, he went out to instruct someone to buy takeout. 
Joe was finally greeted with steaming chicken noodle soup half an hour later. He took a spoonful. 
The moment the rich aroma of the soup exploded on his taste buds, he felt nauseous. The taste of chicken noodle soup shouldn’t be this indulgent. He set down his spoon. 
Paul was bewildered. “Mr. Martin, is the soup too hot?” 
“Take it away. 
“Oh, okay.” Paul was still spiraling in confusion when he took the noodles away. Had he lost his brain cells after experiencing the elevator ordeal yesterday, to the point that he could no longer decipher Joe’s 
intentions? 
Nonetheless, the chicken noodle soup seemed delectable. He made a mental note to try it once he returned from the business trip. 
Skylar visited a lawyer after she left Galaxy Villa that morning. Then, she filed a report at the police station. 
Around noon, she took a cab back to Janine’s house. Her entire family had moved to Jipsburg three years. ago when her younger brother, Harvey Sullivan, had scored first in his high school entrance exam. 
While she was in the car, Christopher kept calling her. She glanced at her phone and silenced it Immediately. 
Meanwhile, two police officers at Williams Group were glaring at Christopher, who kept making phone calls. His colleagues broke into a flurry of whispers, pointing at him as they speculated about what had happened. 
Christopher realized that Skylar had ignored all of his calls. 
“Listen, this is a misunderstanding. Skylar’s my girlfriend; how would I possibly scam her? We had a fight, so she filed a fake police report,” Christopher stated calmly. 
*Please come with us and make your statement,” the police officers said. 
Christopher glanced at the time, realizing that it was almost time for him to meet with Maisy. 
Chapter T 
He had finally mustered up the courage to get closer to Maisy after finding out about her relationship with Skylar. 
Maisy had always been his unrequited love during his college years. His feelings for Skylar had long subsided after the sheer amount of time they had spent together. 
Skylar was kind and considerate, and Amelia liked her as well. Thus, the thought of breaking up with her had never crossed his mind. 
Now that he had met with the police, it suddenly dawned on him that Skylar really intended to break up with him. She had meant it when she had told him to return the money. 
Feeling defiant, Christopher video called Skylar again but she ignored him. In the end, he could only follow the police to the police station.. 
Fully dressed in designer clothes, Maisy glanced at her phone impatiently at the main entrance of Phoenix Mall. It was already three minutes past the time she agreed to meet with Christopher. 
Just as she was about to call him, she noticed a few people striding out of Martin Group, which was just right across the street. 
One of them was Joe, the CEO of Martin Group, who constantly appeared in financial news. 
###Chapter: 8
In Jipsburg, someone like Joe was way out of Maisy’s league. Due to their status in Jipsburg, the Williamses would forever be in the Martin family’s shadow. 
Maisy sighed. “Oh, the things I’d do to marry him!” Instinctively, she trotted toward Joe’s direction. 
Just as she was about to cross the road, Joe got into his car and left promptly. Maisy’s chest immediately 
swelled with determination. 
She would make Jeffrey create an opportunity for me. The way she saw it, she had the perfect looks and a great figure. Even Skylar’s boyfriend was completely smitten with her. Perhaps Joe will fall for her once he saw her too! 
Speaking of Christopher, what was wrong with him? Why wasn’t he there yet when they’d agreed to go 
shopping? Had he gone to find Skylar? 
A flicker of arrogance crossed her face. 
“I’m intrigued to find out how Skylar is going to deal with all of this!” She snorted. “How dare she give me a hard time at the hospital yesterday? Such audacity!” 
Feeling bored while waiting. Maisy took her phone out and called Sadie. 
“Mom, I called Skylar earlier. She’s still ignoring me. Should I go find her and apologize to her?” 
“Don’t bother with her. Your dad terminated her card, so she’ll probably be back in a day or two. She’s really a nuisance! If only she was more like you, we would’ve been more than grateful.“53 
Thinking about Skylar’s actions made Sadie’s blood boil. She had been so furious that she hadn’t been 
able to sleep last night. 
Maisy comforted Sadie swiftly and called her eldest brother after ending hanging up on her. 
Maisy told him about everything that happened and sobbed, “Kenny, should you and Peter give her a call instead? Mom and Dad couldn’t sleep all night because she ran away from home. And she’s… she’s also your biological sister, after all.” 
Kenny Williams was swamped with work. His experiments hadn’t been successful, and hearing about Skylar’s antics only made him even more overwhelmed. 
“We only acknowledge you as our sister. If she wants to cause trouble, let her be.” 
Maisy chortled, “Kenny, I know you’re busy. Remember to take enough rest.” 
“Don’t worry, I will.” 
Skylar had the keys to her home. She was greeted with a waft of an enticing aroma once she opened the door. Janine’s cooking skills were divine, she could transform even the simplest ingredients into 
delectable dishes. 
Everything in front of Skylar seemed so familiar to her that it felt like a dream. 
Her eyes reddened as she glanced over at Janine and Steven, who were busy in the kitchen. Their conversation drifted out of the small kitchen. 
“Skye loves this. Mom, you should make more.” 
“If you can remember what her favorite dish is, of course I can as well. I’ve already made more of her 
favonte dishes. When will Charles and Harvey be back?” 
“They called me earlier, saying that they’re stuck in traffic. But they’ll be back soon.” 
“Great. It’s been so long since we had a meal together.” 
Just as Skylar was about to approach them, a message popped up on her phone. She clicked on it and 
realized that Joe had texted her. 
“I’ll be away on a business trip for a few days.” 
She replied, “Okay.” Then, she put her phone away. Entering the kitchen, she exclaimed, “Mom, Steven, I’m 
back!” 
In the past, one of the reasons she had returned to the Wiliams family was to ask for their help. She had been aware that Steven and Charles Sullivan, her second brother, had encountered some difficulties in the past two years, yet they had no one to guide them in Jipsburg. 
However, Skylar hadn’t had the chance to speak about it. After all, Jeffrey and Sadie despised the 
Sullivans. 
“Skye, you’re back! Go sit in the living room and watch some television. The food will be ready soon,” Janine crooned, her eyes brimming with affection for Skylar. She had really missed Skylar. 
Steven also urged her, saying. “The kitchen can only fit two people. You should go watch some television 
instead.” 
“Okay.” Skylar beamed at them. Her family’s affection flooded her with warmth. 
Joe was slightly surprised at Skylar’s brief response when he was on his way to the airport. He arched his 
brows. 
Paul didn’t miss this subtle movement. “Mr. Martin, are you not satisfied with the plan? I’ll have them redo 
it,” Paul said, about to send a message to the group. 
Joe looked at Paul. “How can you tell that I’m not satisfied?” 
Paul was lost for words. He couldn’t possibly tell Joe that he could draw conclusions by observing Joe’s subtle expressions through years of experience, could he? 
Thus, he let out an awkward chuckle. 
All of a sudden, the car, which was moving steadily on the road, came to an abrupt halt. Paul’s new laptop 
fell off his knee with a crash. 
He just bought his laptop, and it wasn’t just a mediocre one–it had cost him ten thousand dollars! But the laptop had broken in half. 
Paul’s pupils were as wide as saucers. Just then, he heard the driver, Lucas Stokes, shriek, “It’s a chain 
accident!” His face paled with horror 
Their car had nearly been hit by a tanker. Joe glanced over, realizing that the car in front of them had 
been crushed by the overturned tanker. 
Only the logo of the car could be seen, and its model was barely recognizable. 
The cars on the right and the ones in front were all affected. In an instant, chaos began to ensue as the 
elevated bridge became jammed with vehicles. 
Janine and Steven prepared a table full of dishes. By then, Charles and Harvey had also come back. 
They flocked to Skylar once they saw her, yet they didn’t dare bombard her with questions. They only 
wanted to know whether the Williamses had treated her well. 
“Skye, tell us if they dared to mistreat you. We’ll back you up!” Harvey detested the Williamses, including Maisy, his biological sister, 
During their first meeting, Maisy and the Williams had behaved so pompously, as if they were royalty. Harvey had decided that he would only acknowledge Skylar as his sister! 
“Harvey’s right. Don’t be intimidated if you encounter any trouble.” Charles had always doted on Skylar. Seeing how much weight she had lost, he could tell that she hadn’t had a good time with the Williamses. 
“Don’t talk nonsense. They’re her family. How could they possibly mistreat her?” Janine took a few bottles 
of drinks from the fridge. 
She knew her sons despised the Williamses, but they were Skylar’s family, after all. Insulting them would 
probably put Skylar in a tight spot. 
Skylar smiled. “I’ve moved out of Williams Residence and found a place to stay. I won’t ever go back. 
again.” 
“You moved out?” All four pairs of eyes stared at Skylar with concern. 
Why had she suddenly moved out? Could it be that the Williamses had mistreated her? Otherwise, why 
would she move out? 
“It’s not safe for you to live alone. Why don’t you come back and live with us I 
aly Harvey d are at home all the time. Steven and Charles are always busy anyway. I can stay in the living room,” Janine said in a haste. 
The rent in Jipsburg was too expensive, so she could only afford a two–bedroom apartment. Steven and Charles were constantly busy, and they also had accommodations provided by their respective 
companies. 
Occasionally, the three brothers had to cramp together in one room when they all came back. 
“I’m a man, so I should stay in the living room instead. Skye, you can have my room!” Harvey offered his room without any hesitation. 
Just as Skylar was about to decline, her phone rang. She had initially intended to reject the call, but she answered it promptly once she realized that it was from Gloria. 
“Grandma.” 
“Skye, Joe got into an accident!” 
###Chapter: 9
Worried that Gloria might be in a hurry, Skylar asked immediately. “Which hospital was he taken to? I’ll come over right now.” 
After Gloria told her the hospital’s name, Skylar hung up swiftly. Casting an apologetic look at her family, she said, “Something happened to Grandma Gloria. I have to go check on her. I’ll come back in a few days once things settle down.” 
The Sullivans had all heard of Gloria. They knew she was Viola’s friend. 
Janine sighed after Skylar left. “The Williamses probably mistreated Skye. As her mom, how could I not tell what has happened to her? She’s keeping us in the dark because she doesn’t want us to worry.” 
Steven was usually calm and composed, yet his expression turned grim at that moment. “I’ll talk to her check in with her more from now on.” 
“I’ll also pay more attention to Skye, Charles chimed in. 
“I’ll fight the Williamses if they dare to lay a finger on Skye!” Harvey said haughtily. He was still a teenager, after all. 
Skylar arrived at the hospital promptly. Spotting an anxious Gloria in the corridor, she hurried over to her. 
“Grandma.” 
Gloria grabbed her hand hastily. “Skye, you have no idea how horrifying it was! It was a chain accident! The car right in front of Joe was crushed. I was so close to not being able to see him
again!” 
Skylar had seen the news on her way to the hospital. She was aware that a very tragic chain accident had occurred on the overpass, and more than a dozen cars had collided with each other. 
One of the cars had been crushed by an overturned tanker, and everyone inside had died on the spot. The other victims of the accident were also injured, and they had immediately been rushed to the hospital The news hadn’t specified other details. 
Looking at how devastated Gloria seemed, it seemed like Joe had been badly injured. 
“Don’t worry, Grandma. Joe will definitely be fine,” Skylar crooned. Gloria nodded with teary eyes. 
Skylar’s soothing voice was the first thing Joe heard once he left the consultation room. Gloria seemed more at ease after Skylar had comforted her. 
“Joe! What did the doctor say?” Gloria inquired in haste. She scrutinized him carefully, worried that he might be injured. 
Joe patiently replied, “I’ve done all the necessary tests. The doctor said I’m fine, so rest assured.” 
“Thank god!” 
? 
Finally relieved, Gloria suddenly recalled something. She took Skylar’s hand and said, “Skye rushed over Instantly once I called her. 
“You got into an accident just a few days after registering your marriage–you haven’t even had your wedding yet. Look at how petrified Skye Is! Hurry up and treat her to a meal to calm her down.” 
“Grandma, 1-“Skylar intended to say that she wasn’t the slightest bit petrified. She wasn’t concerned 
about Joe getting into trouble, she was only worried about Gloria. 
Before she could continue, Gloria winked at her and said, “I’m getting on in years, and rushing over to the 
hospital really wears me out. I want to go home and rest. Off you go, the two of you,” 
Indeed, Gloria had been distressed upon hearing about Joe’s accident. But now that she saw that Joe 
seemed to be perfectly fine, she had to seize the opportunity to let him and Skylar spend some time 
together. 
Thanks to her extensive years of experience, she could tell that they weren’t close to each other. 
In that case, they should work on developing feelings for each other. Feelings took time, after all. 
Joe knew what Gloria was plotting. Still, he wouldn’t mind treating Skylar to a meal since they were already married. 
“Ms. Sullivan, are you free now?” 
“Ms. Sullivan? Skye is your wife! Even if you don’t call her ‘babe‘ or ‘honey,‘ you should call her ‘Skye“.” 
Gloria seemed displeased. 
She then flashed a smile at Skye and continued, “If you find calling him babe too cringy, you can just call 
him ‘Joe‘ 
Joe raised his brows, “Grandma, you should go back first.” 
Knowing that she shouldn’t impose on them, Gloria left with Edgar. 
Once Gloria left, Skylar said, “Mr. Martin, you must be busy. I shall leave you to it.” 
She was well aware of the reason Joe had married her in the first place, so she couldn’t possibly listen to 
Gloria and go on a date with him. 
The indifference in Joe’s gaze was replaced by surprise when he heard her. Just as he was about to speak, Paul strode toward them. 
“Mr. Martin, I’ve booked the tickets for the two o’clock flight this afternoon. We have to leave for the 
airport now.” 
Paul only noticed Skylar once he got closer. 
“Ms. Sullivan!” His eyes widened as he suddenly remembered something critical 
Grabbing the emerald charm resting on his neck, he asked, “Ms. Sullivan, can I still wear this?” 
Skylar’s expression hardened. “Why are you still wearing it?” 
Chanter 
“What’s the deal with this charm? Can you tell me more about it? I thought you were joking with me yesterday.” 
Paul felt like his hands had gone cold. He wasn’t sure if he was just overthinking things, but he felt as if the chill of the charm had seeped into his hands. 
Joe stared at Skylar with one of his hands tucked in his pocket. He had been silent for a while. 
“This emerald charm was most likely stolen by tomb raiders. Considering its previous owner’s tragic death and how much it was treasured, it carries the resentment and hatred of its previous owner,” Skylar explained. 
Paul’s eyes grew wide. This How did you know?” 
“Would 
“Would you believe me if I said it was all a guess?” Skylar smiled and asked. 
Being reborn as her younger self again had its perks; she could clearly sense the aura emanating from antiques. With that, she was able to deduce their past 
However, such topics were too esoteric. Not many would believe it, and she knew Paul wouldn’t heed her words easily either. Joe, who had been scrutinizing her, wouldn’t believe her either. 
Thus, she chuckled and said, “I have things to attend to. If you’ll excuse me.” She nodded at Joe and strode out of the hospital. 
Finally snapping back to his senses, Paul jerked the emerald charm off his neck. His hands quivered uncontrollably. 
“This was stolen from a tomb! Is Ms. Sullivan kidding with me? She said it was just a guess, but it doesn’t seem like it.” 
It was summer now, but he rarely felt hot after wearing the emerald charm. He couldn’t tell whether he was hallucinating or not, but the charm felt somehow eerie to him. 
Joe was seemingly lost in thought. His gaze darkened as he shot a glance at the emerald charm in Paul’s hands. 
“Have someone look into it. That way you’ll know whether she’s joking with you or not.” 
“You’re right!” 
With a sullen expression, Christopher left the police
###Chapter: 10
The police questioned had Christopher for several hours. Even though he had presented evidence of his relationship with Skylar, the police had refused to believe him. 
The evidence Skylar had provided clearly stated that he had borrowed money from her. Seeing the 100 thousand dollars lying in his bank account, he loathed the thought of having to pay her back. 
Christopher had thought that Skylar was just throwing a tantrum. He hadn’t been attentive to her lately since he had spent most of his time accompanying Maisy. 
She could just tell him if she missed him. Why did she have to cause such a scene? Was she unaware that such antics would only make him dislike her even more? 
Infuriated, Christopher called Skylar again. 
Skylar happened to be on the subway when he called. As she stared at the caller ID on screen, her heart throbbed in pain. Clenching her phone, she answered his call. 
Christopher had initially thought that she wouldn’t answer his call. He had never expected her to pick up 
once he called. 
It was at that moment that he realized that she was just trying to put on an act to make him coax her. 
“Babe, are you mad because I haven’t been able to spend time with you? I’ve been really busy at work lately. Where are you now? I’ll come and find you. 
“We’ve been together since high school; you should know what I’m like by now. I’ll be rewarded with a bonus of 300 thousand dollars at the end of the year, and I’ll give it all to you by then, okay?” 
By 
the end of the year, he’d come up with an excuse not to give her any money. 
I 
“My mom has always been nice to you, and you know she’s ill, right? Babe, I really love you. All the money. 
I earn in the future will be yours.” 
As Skylar listened to his flattery, her eyes flared with hatred. She snarled, “Christopher, you better pay me back as soon as possible. Otherwise, my lawyer will come and get you.” 
Christopher thought he had misheard. “Babe? Did any rumors get to you? Since when do you care so much about money? How can our relationship be measured by money?” 
His words were cut short by a sudden beep, indicating that the call had been disconnected. Skylar had hung up on him. 
What Christopher had said earlier had nearly made Skylar throw up. 
Realizing that Skylar had hung up on him, Christopher’s expression soured. His grip on his phone tightened as he muttered, “Skylar, what are you playing at? Do you think I wouldn’t dare to break up you?” 
with 
He inhaled sharply, his resolve strengthening. He figured he had to return the money to her. The police had already barged into his office today, and his career was going to be over if she decided to sue him. 
Christopher decided to pay her back first and then have Amelia call her later. Skylar would definitely transfer the money back to him again by then. 
He texted Skylar once he had transferred her the money. 
2 
“Babe, I’ve transferred the money to you. Don’t worry about Mom; I’ll figure out another way. If you’re not feeling well, I can take you out on a trip this weekend.” 
Skylar received a notification about the transfer. Staring at the 100 thousand dollars in her account, she was momentarily stunned. 
She soon regained her composure. She transferred 90 thousand dollars to Janine and kept ten thousand 
dollars for herself. 
“Mom, this is the money I’ve saved up from working during school breaks and also from the money your usually give me. You probably need money now, so you can use it first,” Skylar texted. 
When Janine saw the transfer notification and Skylar’s text, she was flabbergasted. She called Skylar right 
away. 
“Skye, you’ve just graduated, and 
U don’t have a job yet. You need money as well! I can still work, and I also get an allowance from Steven and Charles every month as well, I can’t take your money. 
“I’ll transfer it back to you. You should spend it on clothes when you go shopping. I really don’t need it.” 
Noting the genuine concern in Janine’s words, Skylar chuckled. “Mom, I don’t need any money now. You guys 
can have it instead. I’m getting off the subway now. Let’s talk more when I go back in a few days.” 
Janine stared at her phone. While she appreciated Skylar’s thoughtfulness, she had a hunch that something had probably happened to her. How exactly did the Williamses treat her? 
Janine had to find out. 
She had Sadie’s number saved in her phone, but she had never thought of calling her one day. 
Yet, this was about Skylar. She had raised Skylar, so she could certainly sense when something felt off 
about her. Drawing in a deep breath, she called Sadie. 
“Janine? Why are you calling me?” 
Sadie had also saved Janine’s number for Skylar’s sake. She had intended to delete Janine’s number after that, but it had slipped her mind. It felt uncanny to have someone like Janine saved in her contacts. 
“It’s not a big deal. I just want to khow what’s going on with Skye.” Sensing the contempt in Sadie’s tone, 
Janine frowned. 
However, what Sadie said next made her blood boil. 
“Now that you’ve asked, I must tell you. I have no idea how you raised her, but she’s really disobedient and reckless. She talks back to us, and she lacks basic courtesy. 
“During my birthday, she gave me a painting that looked shabby, claiming that it was an ancient painting. Look at her, lying so effortlessly! 
“She has clearly been raised poorly since childhood. Did she think we’re totally clueless? I don’t expect her to be as sensible as Maisy is, but she really is an embarrassment! 
“She ran away from home again two days ago. Did she go back to your place? Tell her that we’re not going to take her in again if she refuses to come back! 
“Even if she does come back, she has to apologize to us properly! She must be sincere; otherwise, we won’t forgive her easily this time.” 
As Janine listened to Sadie’s complaints, her entire body quivered with rage. Her eyes turned bloodshot. 
She had always been kind and rarely spoke harshly to anyone. Yet, she could no longer hold back anymore upon hearing Sadie compare Skylar and Maisy and belittle Skylar as she rambled on… 
“Skylar has always been very sensible! You guys must have done something that made her run away from home. I raised her; I know her best! She would never do the things you said earlier! You should reflect on yourselves. And you owe her an apology instead!” 
Janine hung up promptly and wept. Judging by Sadie’s attitude, she knew Skylar 
at Williams Residence. 
Oh, her dear Skylar! 
Probably had it tough 
Skylar was on the antique street in Jipsburg. The street was lined with everything imaginable, and setting foot there felt like traveling back to ancient times. 
She had a huge bag with her today. The ancient painting she had retrieved from Williams Residence was stowed away in her bag. 
Back then, she had bought this tattered painting from an old man on this street for ten thousand dollars. It hadn’t been properly preserved, so it had been extremely worn out and fragmented. It had taken her nearly three months to restore the painting. 
The old man had said that his grandfather had left the painting behind and claimed that it was from 1120 BC. Yet, it was impossible to determine the artist due to its poor state. The old man had been around this street for ages, and the highest offer anyone had made for the painting was merely a thousand dollars. 
But Skylar had recognized the painting as the work of a painter from 1120 BC who was known for depicting picturesque scenery. 
###Chapter: 11
This artist’s works were usually auctioned for around one million dollars. If it were sold on this street, it could be sold off for approximately half a million dollars instead. 
Skylar had wanted it to be a birthday present for Sadie. She had never intended to sell it. 
Skylar walked into an antique store. The owner glanced at her coldly when he saw that she was just a 
young girl. 
Antique shop owners had sharp eyes. He could tell immediately that Skylar wasn’t there to buy anything. 
“Excuse me, do you take any antique paintings from 1120 BC?” 
The owner, Daniel Zeller, raised his head quickly. “An antique painting from 1120 BC?” 
“Yes,” Skylar retrieved the painting from her bag and opened it up in front of the owner. 
Daniel’s eyes widened when he saw that the piece had been restored to near perfection. He knew someone from Jipsburg who liked collecting antique paintings. The person loved paintings from around 
1120 BC, but they were rare. 1 
It was also rare to see such a badly damaged antique painting restored so perfectly. No flaw could be 
seen in it at all. 
Daniel said excitedly. “Name your price! But you have to tell me something, young lady. Who restored this 
painting?” 
He had two badly damaged paintings that he had bought at a low price. He had been looking for a restorer, but no one had been willing to take them. They had told him the paintings were too badly 
damaged. 
He wasn’t worried about the money wasted on the paintings. He just thought it was a pity they were not 
restored. 
He couldn’t believe this young lady, who’d shown up inadvertently, could solve his problem. 
“I restored it,” Skylar smiled and said, 
Daniel was surprised. He asked suspiciously, “You were the one who restored it?” 
She looked really young. Art restoration was not an easy skill. 
“Yes.” Skylar nodded. 
Daniel observed Skylar closely./He thought to himself, “Young people nowadays tend to make things up. 
She must be bluffing. Look at how calm and composed she is!” 
Nonetheless, he was definitely going to buy her painting. 
“I have two paintings here. I’ve been looking for restorers to fix them. If they can be restored, I’m willing to pay 500 thousand dollars for each painting. If you know anyone who’s interested, please let them know,” 
Daniel said. 
It would be best if she could bring the person to him. 
29 
To a restorer that was not industry–certified, 500 thousand dollars was a good sum. It could even buy the painting before him. 
Skylar was short on money. She was moved by Daniel’s offer. “Let me see the paintings.” 
Daniel thought there was no harm in trying anyway, so he took Skylar to see the damaged paintings. 
They were almost as damaged as the painting she had brought in had been. 
But back then, she had been very busy, and she had to donate blood regularly. So, it had taken her a 
longer time to restore that painting 
Skylar made her decision and said, “I’ll take this job.” 
Daniel realized that Skylar was young and pretty, but she seemed honest. 
Daniel thought he had nothing to lose anyway. Since no one else was willing to take the job, he might as 
well let her try. 
The two of them signed a contract. 
Daniel took Skylar’s painting and paid her 500 thousand dollars. Skylar didn’t bargain. The price was fair. Even though it was a 1120 BC painting, it wasn’t painted by a famous artist. 
When Skylar left the antique street, it was already three o’clock in the afternoon. 
From tomorrow onward, she would visit the store from 9:00 am to 3:00 pm to restore the paintings. 
She knew that Daniel didn’t trust her. His suspicions would be dispelled tomorrow when she started 
restoring the paintings. 
She was confident in her skills after learning from Viola all these years. 
Joe walked out of Lindfield Airport and took a cab to the branch office. 
Paul sat next to Joe and opened his notebook. He looked through the materials and contracts he received and consulted Joe when he had questions. 
A phone call interrupted Paul’s consultation. 
Joe picked up his phone. “Grandma.” 
One could hear Gloria berating him from the other end of the call. “Why are you in Lindfield? I asked you to have dinner with Skye and get to know each other better. 
“What is so important that you have to attend to it after an accident? Are all Martin Group’s employees useless? Can’t they let their boss spend some time with his other half?” 
Even though the car was moving 
it was still too quiet. Paul heard everything clearly. 
Chante: 11 
He quickly put his head out of the window. He pretended like he hadn’t heard anything. He really hadn’t heard anything! 
Joe glanced at Paul and massaged his forehead. “Grandma, Ms. Sullivan is busy too.” 
“Call her ‘Skye‘. You’ve registered your marriage. You’re husband and wife! ‘Ms. Sullivan‘ makes her sound like a stranger.” 
Gloria was very unhappy with Joe. She feared that his arrogant behavior might scare Skylar away. 
She’d been watching reality dating shows. She’d always felt like slapping those arrogant male guests. It served them right when the girl they liked chose another person! 
“I don’t care. You should come back quickly once you’re done. I think Skye has been hiding some problems. She tries to solve everything herself. I feel for her.” Gloria sighed lightly. 
Joe recalled the condition she’d raised before they had signed the agreement when they were at the courthouse. He’d acutely observed that her problems might have something to do with the Williamses. 
“Okay. I’ll be back soon.” 
After Joe hung up, he looked at Paul. “When you looked Skylar up, was there anything about her relationship with the Williamses?” 
“The Williamses didn’t seem too happy with Ms. Sullivan. Some families close to the Williamses don’t even know about her existence,” Paul replied frankly. 
Joe looked like he was deep in thought. 
Perhaps Skylar had made that condition just because of her unhappiness with the Williamses. Maybe they were just the concerns of a young lady. However, Joe would keep his word since he’d promised her. 
Skylar went to the mall to get some daily necessities after leaving the antique street. There was a car dealership next to the mall. She thought of buying a car. 
As Galaxy Villa wasn’t in the city, it was hard to get around without a car. She could purchase a new energy vehicle. They only cost about ten thousand dollars now. 
As she was in the middle of choosing a car, Skylar saw Christopher and Maisy right outside. 
Their hands were intertwined, but Maisy looked angry. Christopher was coaxing her. 
They were quite a sight as they were both good–looking. Passersby looked at them enviously. 
In contrast, Skylar’s expression was cold. The sight of Christopher’s familiar and handsome face made. their 
past replay in her head like a movie. 
Finally, it stopped at the scene of Christopher’s and Maisy’s hands intertwined together. She raised her phone coldly and took a photo of them without any hesitation. 
###Chapter: 12
After Skylar paid the deposit, she arranged to collect the car tomorrow. 
As she was walking out of the car dealership, she received a call from Amelia. 
“How have you been, Skye? Why didn’t you come visit me in the hospital?” 
Amelia’s voice made Skye remember how she had treated Amelia like her own mom in her past life. 
Whenever Amelia had been in the hospital, Skylar had accompanied her. The patients in the same ward had even thought she was Amelia’s daughter. 
But in the end, she had found out that Amelia had known that Christopher and Maisy were together. 
After Skylar had amputated her legs, Amelia called her and made her break up with Christopher, saying that she wasn’t a good match for Christopher. 
She had said that since Skylar was an amputee, she was an even worse match than she had been to begin with. 
Her harsh and sharp tone on that call was completely different from how warm and polite she sounded 
now. 
In Skylar’s past life, she had cried after being hurt by that phone call. 
Now, she was numb. 
“I’ve broken up with Christopher like you hoped for. Stop calling me.” 
“Wh-” 
Skylar had already hung up. 
Amelia lay on the hospital bed and looked at her phone. She was stunned. 
Skylar had been trying to please her and Christopher so much. Why was she so angsty today? Wasn’t she 
afraid that Amelia would be angry at her? 
She frowned and sent a voice message to Christopher. “I just spoke with Skye. She said she’s broken up with you. She even hung up on me! What’s happening?” 
Christopher was enjoying his dinner with Maisy. When he received Amelia’s voice message, he opted to 
convert it into text. He started to feel anxious after he read it. 
What was going on with Skylar?, 
Joe stood looking at the night view of Lindfield at 10:00 pm from the top level of Jubilance Hotel’s presidential suite. 
Paul knocked on the door and walked in agitatedly. 
“Mr. Martin, Ms. Sullivan was right! My emerald charm has a tainted past! It’s a stolen good!” 
He’d sent someone to investigate, and he was shocked by the results. 
The previous owner of his emerald charm had been poisoned to death! 
No one knew what poison had been used. After the emerald charm had been stolen, it had turned black and purple. It had only been restored to its original emerald color after some repairs. 
After he explained everything to Joe, he raised his arm. “The hairs on my hand are standing, even now!” 
Joe raised the cigarette between his fingers to his thin lips. There was a hint of surprise in his unreadable gaze. “If that’s the case, return the emerald charm as she advised.” 
“I’ve just sent it out! I don’t want it anymore. It’s caused me bad luck again and again. It’s too scary!” Paul 
replied fearfully. 
Three days later, Skylar drove her new energy vehicle back from the antique street to Pearlhall Residence. 
She’d received a call from Gloria 40 minutes ago. Gloria was feeling unwell. 
Skylar gave her car keys to Edgar so that he could park her car in the parking space. Then, she walked into the mansion anxiously. 
Skylar saw Joe as soon as she walked in. He was wearing a white shirt. He had broad shoulders, long 
legs, and outstanding physical features. 
When Joe heard her enter, he raised his head to look at her. 
His gaze was warm when he was caring for Gloria. However, when he looked at her, his eyes were void of 
any emotion. 
Skylar paused when she saw that Joe was frowning slightly. 
Skylar belatedly realized that she was wearing a very plain set of casual sportswear. Furthermore, her white T–shirt was clearly spotted with stains. She had rushed to the mansion without changing her clothes before she had left Daniel’s store. 
She raised her head again after glancing down at her appearance, 
“How’s Grandma?” 
Joe replied coldly, “She’s upstairs,” 
Skylar didn’t care about Joe’s cold tone or how he treated her. She gave him a nod and went up the stairs. 
When she walked past Joe, he stopped her. “Ms. Sullivan, let’s talk about something before you see Grandma.” 
Skylar stopped and tilted her head at him. “What is it, Mr. Martin?” 
“Grandma’s not feeling well, and she needs company. She wants us to stay at the mansion for a few days. 
“Joe’s gaze turned serious. 
Skylar agreed. ‘I’ve no problem with that. I can stay with Grandma here.” 
“She wants us to stay in a room together.” Joe’s eyes darkened as he looked at Skylar. 
sust 
Skylar was slightly taken aback. Her long eyelashes trembled. “I… I’ll talk to Grandma- 
“You know her health condition. We wouldn’t have gotten married if it hadn’t been for her. The doctor said we shouldn’t upset her too much. So, we can just put up an act when we are in front of her,” Joe said. 
“We don’t love each other. This is just an act. Don’t worry, I won’t touch you.” 
He went upstairs first after he finished speaking. 
Skylar was left stunned on the spot as she looked at his well–dressed figure. She quickly came to her senses. It was just an act. She would do it as long as it could make Gloria happy. 
However, Joe had intentionally mentioned that they didn’t love each other. Was he reminding her that it was just an act and that she shouldn’t fall in love with him? 
He was worried for nothing. 
If he hadn’t left so fast, she would have told him he had nothing to worry about. 
When she reached upstairs, she saw that Gloria was lying weakly on the bed. She quickly went up to the 
bed “Grandma.” 
When Gloria heard Skylar’s soft voice, she pushed Joe aside. “Skye, come over quickly.” 
Joe’s mouth twitched; he couldn’t help but feel abandoned. 
Skylar came to the bedside and asked gently. “How are you, Grandma? Where are you feeling unwell?” 
Gloria shook her head weakly. “I’m alright. I’m just feeling weak. I feel better after seeing you two.” 
“Are you having a headache? I’ll give you a massage. When I was in the countryside, Grandma Viola liked my head massages. I’ll go wash my hands.” 
Skylar walked out. She’d forgotten to wash her hands before coming up. 
Joe raised his brows silently. She was trying hard to please Gloria. He didn’t believe that she had no ulterior motives.. 
After Skylar left, Gloria turned to look at the cold and unmoving Joe. She snorted inwardly. 
What use was he? He even had to rely on his grandmother to get a wife! 
When Skylar returned after washing her hands, Gloria shook her head tiredly and said, “I’m tired. I’m going 
to take a nap. Skye, Joe has always had migraines. Why don’t you give him a massage instead?” 
Skylar froze. 
Joe hadn’t expected Gloria to say that either. 
“Edgar, observe and learn from Skye. She probably has better skills than any masseuse or physiotherapist 
out there. You can give me more massage sessions after learning from her.” Gloria was sharp enough to ask Edgar to keep an eye on them. 
###Chapter:13
Edgar understood Gloria’s intentions. He had to obey her instructions, so he smiled immediately and said, “I’ll pay attention, Mrs. Martin Senior 
What? 
Joe looked deeply at Skylar and said, “In that case, Ms. Su-” Gloria glanced at him. 
“Thank you, Skye.” Joe stopped addressing her formally. 
Skylar couldn’t help but smile. Many people called her “Skye“, but she felt awkward when Joe did it. 
At Williams Residence, Sadie received a call from the hospital. She was notified that Maisy was to g 
the hospital the next day and that the blood they had for her was no longer sufficient. 
go 
to 
“Mom, do you think Skylar has given up on saving me? She hates me, so she must want me dead. I don’t know what I’ve done wrong. I’m sick and hated by my sister, and my parents are my adoptive parents!” Maisy hugged Sadie as she cried. 
Sadie felt heartbroken when she saw the daughter she had raised cry. 
“I’ll call her. I’ve ignored her for three days; she must have realized she was wrong by now. I’ll forget her 
past mistakes and ask her to go to the hospital to donate her blood.” 
Maisy looked carefully at Sadie. “Will Skylar really go? Will she raise any conditions again? I don’t want to make things difficult for you and Dad.” 
“If she makes any excessive demands, she can forget about coming back! The day before, she made her adoptive mother call me. 
“Maybe she regretted it immediately after leaving the hospital, but she was too embarrassed to say anything. She must be hoping I’ll say something first,” Sadie said as her brows furrowed. 
The more she thought about it, the more she wanted to deny that Skylar was her biological child! 
Skylar behaved so poorly. Sadie felt embarrassed by her. 
Maisy smiled. The more Sadie hated Skylar, the more Maisy felt superior to the latter. 
Sadie took her phone out to make a call. 
At the time, Skylar was giving Joe a head massage at Pearlhall Residence under the “supervision” of Edgar. 
It was the first time she and Joe had been so close. 
Joe had thought Skylar was fooling Gloria and that she knew exactly what Gloria liked. 
But when her soft hands pressed accurately on each acupuncture point around his head, it was like magic. He’d always had problems falling asleep, but he was feeling sleepy now. 
Since Gloria had urged him to do so, Edgar was genuinely interested in learning. He understood that with 
every change in technique, Skylar was targeting a new acupuncture point. 
Even though Skylar had explained each point to him, he couldn’t remember it! 
Forget it. Gloria wasn’t serious about him learning from Skylar anyway. 
Someone’s phone rang at an inappropriate time. 
Edgar saw that it was Skylar’s phone. “Someone’s calling you, Mrs. Martin.” 
Skylar finished up her massage session and walked over to pick up the call. 
“Hello?” 
“So now you know how to pick up a call, huh? Is it because you know you’ve made a mistake?‘I can forget what happened a few days ago. I can teach you how to behave properly if you don’t know how to. Come back right now so we can go to the hospital tomorrow,” Sadie said condescendingly. 
Skylar glanced at Joe, who was sleeping lightly on the couch. Then, she walked out with her phone. 
Once she walked out, Joe opened his eyes and looked at her icily. 
He could vaguely hear the scolding Skylar was receiving from her phone. 
Were the Williamses treating Skylar that badly? 
Sadie saw that her call was still ongoing, but Skylar was not responding. She was already in a bad mood, 
but now it was worse. 
“When did you become mute? Say something!” 
“Are you asking me to go back and resume being Maisy’s blood bank?” Skylar asked. 
Skylar’s lukewarm voice made Sadie frown. Something felt off. “Blood bank? Maisy’s your younger sister. You’re just donating some blood; why do you have to make it sound that bad? Come back now. I’ll give you a new room that is as big as Maisy’s.” 
Skylar laughed. 
Sadie got the false impression that Skylar was laughing happily because she’d achieved her goal. 
She frowned and said impatiently, “Go with your dad to the company after the hospital visit tomorrow He’s set up a position for you as a clerk.” 
“Are you done, Mrs. Williams?” Skylar stopped laughing sarcastically.. 
Sadie’s true colors were too ugly. 
“What did you call me? I’m your mom! How dare you address me as Mrs. Williams?” Sadie was furious. 
“Does a mother like you exist? Strangers would think I’m your enemy.” Skylar sneered. 
In her 
onevious life, she had been put in the smallest room in the whole villa. She had barely seen Sadie 
once in two weeks. Whenever Sadie had seen her, she had despised her for being a cripple. 
What a wonderful mother! Maisy could have Sadie all for herself. 
“What are you saying?! Have you been hearing things from others? Is that why you’re speaking to me so rudely? 
“The money you’re spending is ours. Your dad has canceled your credit card. If you don’t want to be poor. and homeless, come back and admit your mistake now!” Sadie thought she’d misheard Skylar. 
Skylar had moved her phone away from her ear before Sadie could reply. When Sadie finished yelling. Skylar picked up her phone again. 
“Neither you nor Mr. Williams are that old. I don’t think you have Alzheimer’s yet. Ever since you took me in, I’ve never spent a penny of yours. 1 
“Ask Mr. Williams to check his credit card records. You’re always in the hospital with Maisy anyway. Why don’t you get a CT scan to check your brain?” 
With that, Skylar hung up. 
She knew there was a vineyard at Pearlhall Residence, so she headed there. 
After the call ended, Sadie’s face was full of disbelief. 
Skylar hadn’t spent a single penny? 
That was impossible! 
People from the countryside were liars. Skylar hadn’t even worked after she had graduated. It was impossible that she hadn’t spent their money. 
“What did Skylar say? You seem angry.” Maisy was very observant. She scoffed, Skylar was no match for her! 
If she became Joe’s girlfriend, Skylar would have to look up to her. 
Sadie threw her phone angrily at the couch. “She’s not coming back. How dare she talk back to me? She even said she didn’t spend a penny of ours. How did Janine raise her? How could she lie so ungratefully?” 
Maisy’s eyes flickered. 
She knew that Skylar wasn’t lying. 
Christopher had said that Skylar spent her high school vacations working. She had also worked in her spare time when she had been in college. It wouldn’t have been hard for her to save up some money. 
But… 
“Skylar has dad’s credit card. How could she naively think that her lies wouldn’t be exposed? Mom, don’t let her get to you. 
Sadie got even angrier after listening to Maisy. “She’s outrageous!” 
After hanging up on Sadie, Skylar went to Pearlhall Residence’s vineyard to harvest grapes with the workers. After that, she went to pick strawberries. 
. 
She was squatting there, picking strawberries, when Joe showed up. 
###Chapter:14
She looked up at Joe. 
His white shirt was tucked into his high–end trousers. He looked tall and towering with his long legs. He exuded a noble air inside out, and he looked cool and handsome under the evening sky. 
Skylar blinked. She had to admit that Joe had a very handsome face. He was even more good– looking 
than her favorite movie star. 
Everyone appreciated beautiful things. She was no different. 
Joe looked at Skylar as he said, “Grandma is awake. Let’s go have dinner.” 
He couldn’t help but grimace when he noticed that she was looking at him like other women did. Had 
Skylar and Gloria set him up with that head massage? 
Was Skylar trying to make him see her strengths? 
He had known that she was a scheming woman when Gloria had made him marry her. 
Skylar stood up. “Alright. I’ve picked some grapes and strawberries too.” 
She’d tasted them when she’d picked them. They were very sweet and tastier than the ones she bought 
from the supermarket. 
The workers said that this year’s weather was good. There was enough sunlight, so the produce was 
sweeter than in past years. 
After Joe realized that Skylar wasn’t a simple woman, his attitude turned cold. He merely hummed in 
response. 
Skylar didn’t mind. She didn’t think much about it either. 
Seeing that Gloria was awake, Skylar walked over with the grapes and strawberries. 
“You picked them yourself?” Gloria smiled as she asked. 
Edgar had informed her that Joe, who’d always had sleeping problems, had fallen asleep after Skylar’s 
massage. 
Joe would know Skylar’s strengths soon. 
Skylar treated others sincerely. Ten years ago, when Skylar was still young, Viola had told Gloria that the little girl was kind–hearted. Skylar had often spent time with Viola because she felt that the latter might feel lonely 
“Yes, I’ve planted grapes and strawberries before when I was in the countryside, but they were always not sweet. Some of them were even astringent. 
“Now I know it’s because of the seed quality and the light they receive. The place I planted them had very little sunlight. I’ll go wash these, Grandma.” Skylar always had a lot to say to Gloria. 
Maybe it was because Gloria was like Viola. They both doted on her sincerely. 
Gloria chuckled. I’ve heard about it from Viola. She said you’ve always liked going to the fields. You could farm from a young age.” She felt like she could see the scene in her mind as she said that. 
A small child working on the fields like a little adult would have made a cute and heartwarming scene. 
Viola had told Gloria that Skylar had always been a sensible child. She had gone to the fields to share the 
burden of farm work with Janine, Steven, Charles, and Harvey. 
Joe raised his handsome brows when he saw that Skylar and Gloria had completely forgotten about him during their chat. 
A weird feeling arose in his heart again. 
Skylar looked pure and pretty, but she thought too much. She had been staring at him at the vineyard, but 
now she seemed to be pretending to ignore him. 
After dinner, Gloria smilingly urged Skylar and Joe to go back to their room. 
“With the two of you accompanying me here, I’ll recover quickly! But it’s late now; you should enjoy some husband–and–wife time. Get some rest early.” 
Skylar and Joe could only go back to their room. 
When they saw that the door of their room had a huge “married” sign, Skylar was stunned. 
Gloria must have asked someone to put it up. It looked celebratory, but it was not suitable for her and Joe. 
She looked at Joe. “Who’s taking a shower first?” 
She’d been busy all day. She’d been so focused when she’d been restoring the paintings that she hadn’t even taken a break during lunch. Now that it was quiet, she felt slightly tired.. 
Joe glanced icily at Skylar. “Have you forgotten what I said? We don’t love each other. This is just an act.” 
“Mr. Martin, have you been thinking too much? Don’t you shower before you go to sleep? An act is an act, but I have to shower before I sleep,” Skylar replied. 
Joe was speechless for a moment. 
Skylar went to the wardrobe to find some clothes. Edgar said he’d prepared Skylar’s and Joe’s clothes, so they didn’t have to go back to Galaxy Villa for anything. 
There were all sorts of clothes in the wardrobe. 
Edgar had been very meticulous. He’d prepared everything. 
Skylar picked out a nightgown. “I’ll go first, then. Don’t worry, I’ll be quick.” 
Very soon, Joe heard the sound of bath water coming out of the bathroom. 
It was the first time he’d heard a woman shower. 
The sound of water irritated him. Joe was just about to walk out when he met Edgar at the door. 
Edgar had a bowl of soup in his hand. “Mrs. Martin Senior asked me to prepare this tonic soup for you. She said it’s good for your health,” 
“Tonic soup?” Joe frowned helplessly. 
Had Gloria been watching too much television? Why was she doing all of this? 
He couldn’t believe she’d gotten Edgar to bring him tonic soup. 
“Give it to me. I’ll drink it inside.” Joe took the tonic soup from Edgar and closed the door with a slam. 
He heard the sound of water from the bathroom again. Joe’s eyes darkened. When he saw the tonic soup in front of him, he regretted bringing this disaster upon himself. 
His head had started to throb again. 
As he held a hand to his head, he recalled Skylar’s soft hands on his head before dinner. Every point she had pressed on had made him feel good. 
Just then, he received a WhatsApp text on his phone. He checked it and found that it was Paul. 
“Mr. Martin, can I message Ms. Sullivan on WhatsApp?” 
Joe glanced at the bathroom and replied, “Yes.” 
hy are yo.. 
After that, he felt weird about it, so he asked, messaging her? Are you interested in her?” 
Paul’s 
eyes widened as he looked at the two WhatsApp messages. Interested in Skylar? 
He wouldn’t dare! 
Even though he knew that their marriage was fake, he wouldn’t dare fancy his boss‘ official wife! 
Paul replied quickly, ‘Absolutely not!!! I just wanted Ms. Sullivan to take a look at an emerald charm I’m interested in. I don’t know if it’s a good buy. I’ll only buy it after Ms. Sullivan sees it.” 
He hoped Joe would notice the three exclamation marks. 
Joe replied, “Okay.” 
After Pual received Joe’s permission, he saved Skylar’s number and messaged her immediately. 
After ten minutes, Paul saw that Skylar hadn’t read his message, He hesitated, then sent Joe another message. 
“Mr. Martin, Ms. Sullivan hasn’t read my message. 
In a moment, Paul received Joe’s reply. “She’s taking a shower.” 
It was a mere statement. But Paul couldn’t help the utter shock that overwhelmed him. 
Were they sleeping together? 
Wasn’t it a fake marriage? 
Were they sleeping together just like that? 
In that case, Skylar probably wouldn’t respond to him tonight. 
Joe had always worked out. He had well–refined abs and a well–shaped figure. His physical strength was in excellent condition. 
So.. 
Paul decided that he’d ask for more photos of different emerald charms before bed so he could choose a few more to show Skylar the next day. 
20 minutes later, he noticed that Skylar had read his message. 
Paul rubbed his eyes. Was he seeing things? 
###Chapter:15
He was stunned for a few minutes. That was fast. 
He replied suspiciously, “Are you there, Ms. Sullivan?” 
There was no reply. 
Paul stared at his phone for another ten minutes. 
There were no further replies from Skylar. Paul breathed a sigh of relief. He must have been overthinking 
just now. 
Skylar didn’t know that Paul was overanalyzing her replies. After her shower, she was already feeling 
sleepy. 
She asked Joe whether he’d prefer the left or right side of the bed. Then, she laid down immediately. 
Before she slept, she saw Paul’s message when she was switching her phone to silent mode. She had 
checked it and set it aside. 
Joe brought his clothes into the bathroom. When he was closing the door, he saw that Skylar was already 
asleep. 
He was slightly surprised. 
Was she pretending to be asleep? 
She looked pretty convincing. Her acting skills were so good, one would think she was a trained actor. 
After half an hour, he walked out of the bathroom, fully dressed. He saw that Skylar still had the same 
sleeping posture. 
He couldn’t help but think that she was quite persistent. 
He wasn’t used to sleeping beside a woman. After he lay down on the bed, he realized that Skylar wasn’t moving at all. 
When he heard her even breathing, his face fell. He couldn’t believe she was really sleeping! 
When he turned to turn off the lights, he realized that there were two pillows in the middle of the bed. It divided the bed into two, making the boundaries extremely clear. He raised his eyebrows coldly. 
1 
Was she… guarding herself against him? 
Joe pursed his thin lips. 
She was clearly overthinking! Her actions were totally unnecessary. Even if she had been naked before him, he wouldn’t have even taken a glance at her. 
Joe fell into a dreamless slumber. 
201 
When he woke up, he thought it was still midnight. He was stunned for a moment when he saw a ray of sunlight seeping through the curtains, 
Had he slept through the entire night? 
At the same time, Skylar turned over and woke up 
When she opened her eyes and saw Joe sitting in front of her, she was a bit dazed. She was really not 
used to her new marital status. 
She smiled awkwardly at Joe. “Good morning,” she said. 
Joe paused for a second on Skylar’s pale face. “Good morning.” 
I’m going to change.” Skylar got out of bed. 
Joe got up too. He put on his watch and looked at the time. It was 7:15 am. 
They took turns washing up. Then, they walked out of the room around the same time. 
Gloria had woken up early. She had heard from Edgar that Joe and Skylar were still sleeping. She had waited for them from 5:30 am to 7:30 am. The more she waited, the happier she felt. 
She knew Joe very well. He was healthy when he was young, but after he’d grown up, he suffered from 
insomnia for no reason. 
It was rare to see him sleep for such a long time! This had only happened after he’d shared his bed with Skylar. In the past, he would only wake up at this hour if he had jet lag from working overseas. 
When she saw the two of them walking down the stairs, she smiled broadly at them and said, “Come have breakfast. I’ve prepared both Western and Chinese dishes.” 
“Are you feeling better, Grandma?” Skylar was concerned with Gloria’s health. 
“I’m feeling better. Don’t worry about me.” Gloria was concerned that Skylar would worry about her too 
much. 
She knew herself well, and she knew how much longer she could hold herself together. 
She wished that she could hold on until Joe and Skylar were really together. Did Joe think that she didn’t know they weren’t an actual couple? 
She was a shrewd old lady! 
Gloria stared at Joe. 
He was good–looking. He looked less cold today since he was well rested. “You look like you’ve had a good night’s sleep!” 
“Yeah, it wasn’t too bad.” Joe intentionally ignored Gloria’s teasing gaze. 
“Not bad? Didn’t you fall asleep before 10.00 pm last night? You slept past 7:00 am this morning. Last 
night’s sleep was more than you had in a week, right?” 
Gloria couldn’t stand his cold face. He’d slept for almost ten hours, but it was just “not bad“? 
Joe was speechless. 
Is she even his biological grandmother? 
Skylar looked at Joe when she heard Gloria. Was his insomnia that bad? 
She’d heard Gloria talk about it before. She hadn’t paid much attention then, but now she felt slightly. alarmed after hearing it in person. 
Hadn’t he fallen asleep easily when she’d given him a massage the day before? 
“Skye, Edgar said he couldn’t remember the acupuncture points you showed him. Could you come back. and demonstrate it for him again tonight?” Gloria asked Skylar. 
“Okay, Grandma,” Skylar agreed happily. 
There were indeed a lot of acupuncture points on the head. It was hard to remember them after just one 
time. 
She’d draw a diagram with all the acupuncture points marked clearly for him tonight. 
Joe’s eyes darkened when he saw how readily Skylar agreed. It made him believe that she was at 
scheming person. 1 
Not only was she trying to please Gloria, she was also taking the opportunity to get close to him. 
Perhaps he should ask Paul to investigate Christopher. 
Their three–year contract might need to be terminated earlier. 
He couldn’t allow a scheming person to be around Gloria. He realized that he had been way too hasty when they had registered their marriage. 
Skylar arrived at the antique street and parked her car. She took her, phone before she got out of her car. 
Only then did she notice the WhatsApp text message she received. She hadn’t had the time to check her 
phone this morning. 
She saw that it was Paul. She asked, “Were you looking for me, Mr. Ziegler?” 
Paul had just checked in at work. When he saw Skylar’s reply, he replied immediately, “I need a favor from you. Are you free now?” 
Skylar asked, “What is it?” 
Paul quickly sent over a few photos of emerald charms. He’d spent a lot of time choosing them last night. 
Paul said, “I’ve gotten rid of my old one. I returned it to the person who gifted it to me. Could you help me take a look and see which of these emerald charms are suitable for me?” 
Skylar looked at the time. It was 8:55 am. She replied, “I’m busy now. I’ll let you know tonight.” 
Doubts arose in Paul’s heart when he saw Skylar’s reply. 
Tonight? Would she have time tonight? 
He should be in Joe’s office by now, but Joe hasn’t arrived yet! They must have enjoyed themselves last night… 
In a few minutes, Joe arrived and gave Paul his next task. “Look into Skylar and Christopher’s current relationship. I want to know every single detail.” 
Paul was shocked. “You want me to investigate Ms. Sullivan?” 
“Bè thorough about it,” Joe replied coldly. 
He suspected that there must be a reason why she’d agreed to marry him suddenly. Something must have happened to motivate her to approach him. 
“Alright!” Paul answered, but his expression was one of utter confusion. 
Hadn’t Joe and Skylar spent the night together? Why did Joe want to investigate her today? 
Was his desire not satisfied? It didn’t seem like it…. 
Before Paul had met Skylar, he’d suspected that she had an ulterior motive for marrying Joe. However, after meeting her, he didn’t think that Skylar cared about Joe that much. 
He asked hesitantly, “Mr. Martin, do you suspect that Ms. Sullivan and Christopher are still together?” 
###Chapter:16
If they hadn’t broken up, it meant that Skylar was cheating, and she’d made Joe the third party. 
He would be a third party with a marriage certificate. 
If that was the case, Skylar was really a deceptive person! 
“I’m not sure.” Joe didn’t want to accuse Skylar unjustly. 
“Don’t worry, Mr. Martin. I’ll investigate it now!! 
“Alright. 
Skylar was busy from 9:00 am until noon. Daniel ordered takeout for lunch. It was fish and chips. 
Besides Daniel, there was another employee in the store, Caleb Gardner, an 18–year–old boy. 
Apparently, he didn’t like studying, so he’d started working with Daniel after he’d graduated from high 
school. 
There were always customers of various nationalities at the store. Caleb could switch between Albionian, Bierstadian, and Francorien easily when he spoke to them. He probably had a flair for languages. 
Daniel gave him a monthly salary of 3500 dollars. It included meals and covered basic welfare and 
commission, but it didn’t include accommodation. 
Caleb was young, and he liked being on live broadcast. As he was handsome and spoke well, he sold goods online through live broadcasts. He was popular. 
He’d sold a huge item yesterday. His commission was a full 50 thousand dollars. The live broadcast industry was really at its peak now 
“Skylar, let me treat you to stew tonight!” Caleb tried to ask Skylar out as they had lunch. 
Before Skylar could refuse, Daniel rolled his eyes at Caleb. He was too old to stand the young lad’s 
frivolity. 
*She’s spent the whole day restoring the painting. She must be so tired. How would she be in the mood to 
have stew? 
*Concentrate on your broadcast this evening. You’d better sell all the new items from the last two days.” 
Skylar smiled lightly. “I need to go home to be with my grandma. She’s sick and needs some company.” 
Caleb was slightly disappointed, “Alright.” 
“When I’m done restoring the painting, I’ll treat you and Mr. Zeller to stew,” Skylar said. 
Caleb reminded her of Harvey. They were of the same age. She could introduce them to one another in 
the future. 
*Alright.” Caleb still felt disappointed upon hearing that they would be sharing a meal with Daniel. He’d 
wanted to have a one–on–one date with Skylar! 
When he’d come to work two days ago, he’d noticed there was a woman restoring paintings in the store. At first, he’d thought it was an old lady, so he hadn’t been interested 
He hadn’t been able to believe that she turned out to be such a pretty woman like Skylar 
Caleb’s grandfather, Alexander Gardner had always wanted him to learn how to restore antiques, but he didn’t have the patience for it 
Hed seen how Skylar worked. Once she sat down, she would be there for half a day. He admired her 
serious attitude 
She was beautiful, too. She was 100 times prettier than the girls who had plastic surgery. 
Just theri, Daniel received a phone cal 
“What a coincidence I have a painting from 1120 BC, it’s a landscape painting, and it’s been restored perfectly! I just received it two days ago. I was just about to set out to an auction 
“What? George wants it?” 
about 
When Skylar heard Daniel, she knew he was talking stiut her painting, 
Daniel looked conflicted to dout the money it’s just that the promised the auction house. I still have two other paintings from 1120 BC They’re being restored now why don’t I show it to George first when the restoration is done 
The person on the other end of the call agreed 
After Daniel ended the call, he looked at Skylar cheerly “Skye, 1’s increase your pay Could you come earlier or stay later to fresh up the restoration 1120 BC pantings have been popular recently 
He wanted to take advantage of the recent trend 
###Chapter:17
“How much more would you give me?” Skylar asked. 
She was fine with coming early. They agreed that she would get off work at 3:00 pm, so she was okay to stay back for another hour. If she could finish this job earlier, she could get on with her next plan. 
“What about 100 thousand dollars?” 
If this had been a few days ago, Daniel wouldn’t have dared increase her pay. But after he saw her restoration skills, he knew that she was far better than any industry master. 
He’d thought about it. After these two paintings, he planned on recommending Skylar to the auction 
house. 
Skylar thought about it for a moment and agreed. 
Caleb wanted to say something, but he recalled Alexander’s.warning. So, he kept quiet. 
At Williams Residence, Jeffrey returned home from a business trip. When Sadie told him about her call with Skylar, he was so angry he threw his glass of water on the table. 
*Fine. She’s insisting that she’s never swiped the card I gave her? I’ll check her credit card records now!! wonder who gave her the guts to speak so rudely to her parents! 
“She didn’t go to the hospital today. She’s preventing Maisy from getting the blood she needs. She’s a disobedient liar. I don’t want to admit she’s my daughter at all!” 
Sadie’s head had been aching from last night until today. “I wonder where she’s living these days. She’s 
not at Janine’s house. 
“If she gets into trouble outside, all of Jipsburg will know she’s our daughter. What if she embarrasses us? My head aches just thinking about it.” 
“I’ll call her. I’ll get her to come back and apologize to you,” Kenny said coldly. 
He really disliked Skylar, that biological sister of his. After all, she’d grown up in the countryside. She was also not as good as Maisy at pleasing his parents. 
“It’s all my fault. Mom, Dad, Kenny, please don’t be angry.” Maisy lowered her head in grievance. 
Sadie’s heart ached for Maisy. “It’s not your fault; it’s Skylar’s!” 
Although Kenny had Skylar’s number, he’d never called her before. 
The call went through quickly. 
Before Skylar could speak, Kenny reprimanded her like a big brother. “Skylar, you better come home and apologize to our parents, and Malsy. We’re a family. We can forgive you for the mistakes you’ve made.” 
Skylar was driving. An accident must have happened up ahead, seeing that the cars were moving slowly. 
There was honking everywhere. 
Kenny’s voice annoyed her even more. “You’re crazy.” Cursing, she hung up on him. 
She rarely cursed, but it was effective when dealing with self–righteous people like the Williamses. 
The Williamses had heard her because she was on speaker. 
Kenny’s face fell. “How did her adoptive parents raise her?” 
“Look at her! Just look at her! She’s so insolent! She makes me so angry!” Sadie pressed on her forehead as her head throbbed. 
Jeffrey’s and Kenny’s faces were long and grim. 
Maisy was the only person in the whole villa who was secretly delighted. Everyone else was upset. 
Suddenly, Jeffrey’s phone rang, and he picked it up. 
“Mr. Williams, I’ve checked. There are no records of your supplementary card being used.” 
“What did you say?” 
Jeffrey’s assistant thought it was a signal problem, so he repeated himself. 
Jeffrey couldn’t believe it. “Was the card number wrong? How could there be no records?” 
Sadie and Kenny looked toward Jeffrey when they heard that. 
But Maisy was secretly shocked. She had forgotten to stop Jeffrey from checking Skylar’s credit card! 
###Chapter:18
The assistant confirmed it and replied, “Mr. Williams, the card number is correct. There is no record of purchases being made with this card.” 
After he ended the call, Jeffrey looked at Sadie, Kenny, and Maisy. He was speechless for a moment. 
“Has she been spending her boyfriend’s money?” Maisy suddenly thought of using Christopher. 
*Her office employee boyfriend?” Sadie sounded disgusted. 
Maisy lowered her head. She was worried that Sadie might find out about her relationship with 
Christopher. 
She nodded and said, “Yes. I’ve heard Skylar say that her boyfriend gives his salary to her. I have his number. Let me call and ask him if Skylar’s staying with him.” 
“She’s not married, yet she’s spending his money. Not only that, she’s even living with him. Has she no self- respect? She’s going to embarrass our family name!” Kenny didn’t hide his disdain for Skylar at all. 
Maisy called Christopher. 
“Mr. Fowler, I’d like to know if Skylar was spending your money when you were together?” 
Christopher was a little confused, but he played along with Maisy. “Well… Yes, she usually uses my money. Is there any problem?” 
“Did she say she’d return the money to you?” 
“We share everything we have. A few days ago, I transferred my bonus of 100 thousand dollars to her. She said she needed it urgently,” Christopher lied. 
Maisy was satisfied with Christopher’s performance. She turned up her phone’s volume so that the others. could hear it on speaker. 
“Then, is she staying with you now?” 
Christopher was silent for a few seconds. He’d been looking for Skylar. He’d asked a lot of their common acquaintances, but no one knew where she was. However… 
“She was living with me until yesterday, but I didn’t give her money when she wanted it. She got angry and left home. Do you know where she is?” 
He’d guessed that Maisy had put him on loudspeaker and that Jeffrey and Sadie must be around her. 
He knew exactly what Maisy wanted. Between Maisy and Skylar, he’d choose Maisy. After all, the Williamses liked Maisy more. 
After Malsy hung up, she looked at everyone’s grim faces with great satisfaction. 
*Skylar seems to be getting money from her boyfriend consistently. I wonder what she’s up to. I’m so 
worried about her.” 
She’s shameless!” Jeffrey was so furious, he threw the glass of water on the table away again. 
After Skylar ended the call, she took a turn and drove into the underground carpark of a mall. 
The traffic was bad today. She took the chance to buy some things from the supermarket. 
When she got out of her car and took her phone, she remembered what she had promised Paul. So, she clicked on the photos he sent. 
After reviewing the photos, she replied to Paul, “The fourth emerald charm is okay.” 
Once she entered the supermarket, Joe called her. “Where are you?” 
The supermarket at Phoenix Mall.” 
Wait for me.” 
Skylar was stunned as the call ended. Wait for him? Was he nearby? 
She recalled then that Phoenix Mall was right opposite Martin Group. It was also a landmark building in Jipsburg. 
When Joe arrived, Skylar was just taking a bunch of potato chips from the snack aisle. 
After the accident in her previous life, she hadn’t had the opportunity to eat such snacks, and before the accident, she’d been reluctant to spend money on these junk foods. 
This time, she planned to eat as much of it as she wanted and even have some in her car. She’d take some for Harvey when she went home so that they could watch it while enjoying some TV shows. Joe had never been to the supermarket. 
###Chapter:19
Furthermore, the supermarket was filled with people who just got off work. He felt like a misfit among 
them. 
So, by the time he found Skylar in the supermarket, his handsome face was so cold that it was frightening. 
He had a cold demeanor, but he looked even more distant now. 
Skylar was focused on buying her snacks. She only saw Joe when she raised her head after putting down. 
a bag of chips. 
“Do you need something from me, Mr. Martin?” She asked. 
Why did he seem so unhappy? 
Joe’s cold gaze darkened. “Are you done?” 
“I’m still buying snacks. Is there anything you’d like to eat? They’ve got a new flavor for these chips. Do you want to try it?” Skylar asked politely. 
Joe didn’t even look at it. He said coolly, “I never eat junk food.” 
“This is a brand produced by Martin Group’s food division. Do you tend to self–deprecate?” 
Skylar was good–natured, but she wasn’t one to be snubbed unreasonably. 
Joe should just direct it to the person who messed with him. Why was he showing his temper to her? 
In the past two days, she’d brushed off his bad attitude for Gloria’s sake. She’d given him enough respect. 
Joe’s face fell, and his gaze turned sharp. He was the CEO of Martin Group, and he knew how to terrify his 
employees with a single glance. 
This was Skylar’s second life. She’d seen people who were scarier than monsters, but her heart still constricted under Joe’s cold and sharp gaze. 
“Grandma wants you to go to the auction with me. She likes one of the jewelry pieces. She wants us to get it for her,” Joe said coldly. 
If it hadn’t been for Gloria’s request, he wouldn’t have asked her to come along. It was just a piece of jewelry anyway; he could go alone. 
The woman before him had a pair of pretty eyes. When she smiled, her eyes were bright and crescent- shaped. She looked gentle and innocent. 
However, when she was slightly angry, she appeared like a young beast who was eager to fight destiny. It was as if she’d been mistreated badly. 
He felt like… cherishing her. 
But the thought disappeared as soon as it arose. After all, he believed she was a scheming woman who was good at pretending. 
“Alright,” Skylar agreed. She had no reason to reject Gloria’s request. 
“Your clothes are not appropriate for the event.” Joe’s cold gaze was critical. 
He looked at his watch and said, “The auction is at 7:00 pm. It’s not even 5:00 pm yet, so there’s time to get ready. I’ll ask Paul to take you somewhere. I’ll wait for you at the auction house.” 
“Alright. I’ll pay for my items and put them in my car. You may ask Mr. Ziegler to wait for me at the car park entrance.” 
Skylar pushed her shopping cart to the cashier after she finished speaking. 
Joe stood on the spot and glanced at the potato chips in the aisle. 
Were they really his company’s products? 
Paul was going to fetch Skylar in his car, but Skylar said she had her car with her. So, he went over to meet her. 
He got to the mall’s parking exit and got into Skylar’s new energy vehicle. 
Paul was six feet tall. Even though he wasn’t as tall as Joe, his head reached the ceiling of the car. It made the car feel smaller. 
“Mrs. Martin, Mr. Martin has so many cars in the garage. Why didn’t you drive his car?” 
“My car is more environmentally friendly,” Skylar replied. 
However, her true thoughts were that she and Joe were just contractually married. They weren’t truly husband and wife anyway, so she had no right to his things. 
. 
Popular video post…. My amazing video for cricket lovers 
###Chapter:20
Paul took Skylar to a stylist’s studio straight away. 
He must have booked the whole studio since no other customers were anywhere to be seen. 
Skylar obeyed the stylist’s suggestions and changed into a haute couture black dress. At first, she didn’t 
think much about it. 
After she was done with her hair and make up, she realized that she couldn’t recognize herself in the 
mirror. 
The dress looked simple, but the back was cut out. It showed off her delicate back and gave her an elegant and noble air. 
When Paul walked out of the rest room to collect Skylar, he was stunned. 
He’d known that Skylar was pretty from the first time he met her because she had delicate features. However, he hadn’t expected a simple gown to transform her into such an eye–catching beauty! 
She was the kind of beauty who would cause men to pause in their tracks and have all kinds of thoughts. 
Paul didn’t dare take another glance. 
He left quickly after picking her up. 
Skylar wore heels with her dress, so it wasn’t convenient for her to drive. Hence, Paul drove her car. 
As it was a small car that was worth a mere 100 thousand dollars, they were stopped by security when they arrived at the auction house’s car park. 
“I’m sorry, sir. This is the auction house’s car park. You’re not allowed to park here if you’re not a guest.” 
The security guard had a stern tone. Even though he’d said sorry, he spoke arrogantly. He was implying that this was not a place for commoners. 
When he saw the luxurious car behind them, his attitude changed completely. 
Skylar raised her eyebrows from the passenger’s seat. 
Paul knew that there were many places out there where people looked down on people of a lower class. However, he’d never received such treatment when he was out with Joe. 
His expression turned cold as he said, “Don’t you know who I am?” 
The security guard wasn’t paying attention at first. He didn’t even look into the car. 
He thought that anyone who drove such a cheap and small car wasn’t worth it. 
They might just be commoners who wanted to experience an auction. He’d seen a lot of people with the same expectations. 
But when he heard Paul, he took a look at him and was utterly stunned. “Mr. Ziegler?” 
Paul frequented the auction house with Joe of Martin Group. The employees of the auction house were trained to recognize the big shots of Jipsburg like him. 
“You’re doing an excellent job. I’ll let your superiors know later,” Paul said. 
The security guard was so frightened that he started to sweat. He quickly bowed and explained, “We have 
a crowd tonight, so we’re stopping cars we don’t recognize. It’s my fault for not recognizing you, Mr. Ziegler.” 
Paul sneered. “Is that so?” 
Then, he drove into the car park. 
Skylar observed everything coolly. She didn’t think much of it. 
Judgy people who looked down on others were everywhere in this world. The Williamses were like that. 
After a while, Skylar met up with Joe. 
Joe was dressed in a haute couture suit: He looked handsome and tall as usual, but he exuded a cold and noble air about him. 
When he saw Skylar, his deep eyes paused for a moment. 
Her skin was as delicate as porcelain, and her eyes were as refined as art. The elegant black dress. transformed her into a charming night spirit. She had a sexy figure that could catch anyone’s eye with a single glance. 
His gaze became unreadable instantly. 
###Chapter:21
What was she wearing? 
The two thin straps on her shoulder looked like they could be snapped easily. 
When Skylar got closer to Joe, she realized that he was scowling. Was he unhappy that her dress was embarrassing him? 
She thought the stylist had chosen well and that her make–up had been well done. She liked her look today very much. 
“Do I look bad?” Skylar asked. 
Joe’s eyes were dark as he frowned slightly, showing his displeasure. “There are a lot of high– society people in today’s auction. You will attract some attention dressed like that.” 
“If I can really do that, in addition to my beauty, I need to thank your stylist. The dress and makeup he provided were top–notch.” Skylar could hear the ridicule in Joe’s tone. 
Paul gaped as he listened to them talk. 
Skylar didn’t seem to care how Joe felt. 
If she did, she would have been eager to explain to him if he was misconstruing her as a seductress, right? 
The staff at the auction house had arranged seats in advance. 
Maisy and Jeffrey sat in the back corner. 
There were lots of people today. Apparently, the items auctioned today are treasures. Even if one could not get the items, it was a chance to broaden one’s horizons. 
Jeffrey was only able to attend the auction today thanks to someone’s introduction. 
Maicy had begged Jeffrey to let her tag along after she’d found 
auction. 
out that he would be attending the 
The Williamses had their own company and properties in Jipsburg. Still, they were not part of the upper- class society gathered here. 
Jeffrey wanted to use the opportunity to get to know these people. Maisy had the same intentions. She wondered if she’d see Joe, the guy she had a flitting glance at today. 
All the men wore suits. As she was seated behind, she couldn’t see what was happening in front too 
clearly. 
“Dad, you said the Martin Group gave us a contract that helped our company move ahead in the industry. 
If Mr. Martin of Martin Group was here at the auction, could we find a chance to speak to him?” Mai whispered. 
Jeffrey felt hopeful, too. “I hope to do so if there’s a chance.” 
He suddenly thought about something he’d heard from others. “Mr. Martin is not married. You’re an outstanding young lady, Maisy. If you could get to know him, then… You know what I’m trying to say, right?” 
Maisy knew what Jeffrey was thinking. She blushed and lowered her head. “I know, Dad.” 
“You’re smart. No wonder you’re my daughter.” Jeffrey couldn’t help but praise her. 
Suddenly, he froze. 
Maisy saw Jeffrey looking stunned as he looked ahead, so she asked immediately. “What is it, Dad?” 
Jeffrey was staring at the man and woman at the front row. The man was Joe. The woman’s back looked familiar. It looked like Skylar, who had put him in a bad mood the entire day. 
“Joe brought a female companion today. She looks like Skye.” 
“A female companion?” Maisy looked in the direction Jeffrey was looking. 
She only 
lv saw Joe’s back, but it was enough to make her obsessed. He was wearing a suit like others, but he looked more attractive than others. 
But 
She couldn’t believe that he’d brought a female companion. The woman wore a haute couture dress that Maisy couldn’t afford to buy or order. The dress revealed the woman’s well–defined back, and her skin was as delicate as porcelain. 
She looked like….. 
She really looked like Skylar from the back… 
Maisy was jealous of the womans nyum 
Skylar. 
“Dad, she just looks slightly like Skylar. But there’s no way she could know Mr. Martin.” 
Maisy thought the woman looked slutty. She obviously wanted to seduce Joe with that dress. 
Maybe her dress was counterfeit anyway. 
Jeffrey took another look. “You’re right. I must have been mistaken. She doesn’t look like Skye at all.” 
Skylar didn’t know that Jeffrey and Maisy were there as well. After she sat down with Joe, the auction. 
started in a few seconds. 
“What does Grandma want?” Skylar asked Joe. She’d started to feel tired after seeing a few auction items. 
Her head pounded. She must have been too busy these few days. Her body felt weak. It was one of the symptoms of donating blood regularly. 
Joe glanced at Skylar. Due to his height, he was half a head taller than her, even sitting down. As she was wearing this dress, he could easily see her seductive features with a slight tilt of his head. 
This dress… was not suitable for her. 
“A diamond ring,” he replied coldly. 
From the corner of his eyes, he saw a man walking toward Skylar. He was looking at her from top to toe. Joe’s face fell. He looked at the man icily. 
When the man saw that Joe was beside Skylar, he stopped. At the same time, he felt a slight sense of pity. It was rare to meet a woman he was attracted to immediately. He couldn’t believe she was with Joe. However, Joe had never been with any women before. 
If she’d just been accompanying him to the auction, Joe wouldn’t have given him a warning gaze like that… The next auction item was an antique painting. 
The staff started auctioning it after explaining its background. 
Skylar was surprised when she saw the painting. Daniel was fast. She hadn’t expected him to send it to the auction house so quickly. 
She was also curious how much the painting she’d sold for 500 thousand dollars could be auctioned off 
for. 
Joe saw how intently Skylar was staring at the antique painting. He recalled that she’d brought a roll of painting with her when she’d moved to Galaxy Villa. 
Was she interested in antique paintings? 
###Chapter:22
“Do you want this painting?” Joe whispered. 
Skylar shook her head. “No.” 
Would she have looked at it so intently if she was not interested? 
What a duplicitous person! 
Joe’s expression was still cold. 
Jeffrey stared at the painting confusedly. “Why do I feel like I’ve seen this painting somewhere?” 
“Antique paintings have a lot of similarities. I also find it familiar. It looks like…” Maísy thought of the painting that was hanging at the Williamses. 
It was the painting Skylar gifted Sadie. Sadie hadn’t even taken a second look at the painting. It did look. like this painting. 
“That’s impossible. How could that be?” Maisy denied her 
guess. 
Skylar must have gotten the painting from Amazon for not more than ten dollars. 
Skylar couldn’t have had access to a painting that could be auctioned. 
“What’s impossible?” Jeffrey asked curiously. 
“It’s nothing, Dad. Wow, this painting could actually be sold for two million dollars!” Maisy was shocked when she heard the price that was being called out. 
Jeffrey didn’t understand art, but he suddenly thought of the painting they had in a corner of their house. It looked like this painting. 
“Three million dollars!” Joe made a bid suddenly. 
Skylar looked at Joe in surprise. “Do you like this painting?” 
She’d sold the painting for 500 thousand dollars. The price had now been three million dollars by Joe. This artist’s painting had never been sold for more than two million dollars! 
###Chapter:23
If she’d known that he liked 
que paintings, she would’ve sold it to him. 
If he’d offered two million dollars, she would have delivered it to his doorstep. She could even help him maintain it every day for three years. 
What a waste. 
“Not really.” Joe smiled coldly when he saw the shock in her eyes. 
Since she was interested in the painting, he thought he’d bid on it and give it to her. He didn’t want to owe her anything. She’d really made Gloria very happy during the two days. 
“3.2 million dollars.” Someone else put in a bid. 
They must really like the painting. 
Joe was about to raise his hand to raise the bid to five million dollars, but Skylar stopped him. 
She whispered gently, ‘If you like ancient paintings of this style, three million dollars could buy you two of them, I’ll get some authentic ones for you. You just have to pay me the commission.” 
Joe stared at her. His gaze turned unreadable. 
“3.2 million dollars, once.” 
“3.2 million dollars, twice.” 
“3.2 million dollars, sold!” 
After the painting was sold, Skylar looked on as the painting was packed up. She couldn’t help but think that Daniel had made a good sale today. 
It was a win–win for her and Daniel. 
“Maisy, don’t you think the painting looked like the one Skye gave your mom?” Jeffrey was shocked that the painting sold for such a high price. 
Maisy was a little distracted. She was looking greedily at Joe. Did he like ancient paintings? 
When she heard Jeffrey’s question, her mouth twitched. She replied, “it does look like the one Skylar gave Mom, but she must have bought an imitation piece online.” 
“An Imitation piece? What an embarrassment!” Jeffrey felt disgusted whenever he thought of Skylar. 
There were eight auction items in total tonight. The last item was a diamond ring. 
But it wasn’t a normal diamond ring. It was called The Darling Goddess Ring and was previously owned by a duchess of Westernia. Lots of people had come to bid on it upon learning that it would be auctioned today. 
The starting bid was 20 million dollars. 
IN V 2/2 
“30 million dollars.” 
“40 million dollars.” 
Joe raised his sign. “100 million dollars.” 
When Skylar heard Joe’s bid, she thought he was being ostentatious. 
The price had been going up by 10 million per bid, but he’d raised the price to 100 million in a single bid. How much higher could anyone else go? 
The price of 100 million dollars deterred anyone else from bidding too. 
Without further ado, the ring was sold for 100 million dollars. 
Maisy wished she owned that ring. She wondered who Joe would give that ring to. 
The woman beside him? 
That couldn’t be possible, right? 
Maisy hadn’t heard that Joe had a girlfriend. The woman must just be a female companion for the auction. 
When Joe and Skylar were about to leave the auction, Jeffrey told Maisy quickly, “Let’s go talk to Mr. Martin.” 
It was a rare chance. If they didn’t seize it, he wasn’t sure when he could meet Joe next. 
“Alright, Dad.” Maisy stood up and adjusted her dress. She was very confident about her appearance and figure. 
The two of them walked toward Joe. 
When Skylar stood up, she suddenly felt dizzy and almost lost her balance. Fortunately, Joe held her in 
time. 
“I’m sorry. I think I’m sick,” Skylar explained weakly to Joe. Her face was cold and pale. 
###Chapter:24
Joe thought that Skylar was pretending to fall into his arms. He was impatient until he heard her explanation. 
Her face was pale, and there was sweat on her forehead. She looked sick. 
my cold on to 
“I’m okay. Take me back to Galaxy Villa. I don’t want Grandma to worry. I don’t want to pass my her either,” Skylar said. 
Joe nodded. He took off his suit jacket and put it on Skylar’s shoulders. Then, he placed his arm over her shoulders as they walked out quickly. 
Jeffrey and Maisy were making their way out of the crowd. They were about to reach Joe when he walked away quickly with the woman. 
They wanted to go after him, but they were stopped by the staff. They were informed that Joe was going through a VIP pathway. 
Jeffrey and Maisy felt extremely embarrassed. 
They’d just been a step away! What bad luck! 
Before Skylar and Joe got in the car, Skylar heard him calling Gloria. He also asked Paul to drive her car back to Galaxy Villa. 
As for the diamond ring Joe had bought, it would be sent to Pearlhall Residence by the auction house. 
Skylar fell asleep in the car as she listened to Joe. 
Joe looked at Skylar, who was sleeping quietly in the corner. Her head was leaning against the car window. 
She was a head shorter than him, so she should be around five feet and seven inches tall. However, she looked small as she nestled in the corner of the car. 
She was crying silently. Joe wondered if she was too uncomfortable because of her sickness or if she’d thought of something. 
Her tears appeared tinted with the neon color of night lamps. They hung on her eyelashes, making her, look like a poor little child who’d been bullied and abandoned. 
It made him curious about what she’d been through. 
Was it because of Christopher? 
Had she agreed to marry him just to piss Christopher off? Joe’s heart sank for no reason at that thought. 
“Drive faster,” he said coldly to Lucas. 
After half an hour, they arrived at Galaxy Villa. The Martins‘ family doctor came by to do a simple examination on Skylar. 
After confirming that it was just a common cold, he prescribed some medicine for her. 
After the doctor left, Joe pulled at his tie while he walked toward Skylar’s bed. He used a head 
thermometer to check her temperature. It was 102.2 degrees Fahrenheit. 
“Skylar, get up and take your medicine.” 
Skylar was feeling groggy, and she couldn’t hear clearly. She only heard the word “medicine“. All of a sudden, she didn’t know if she was in her previous life or if she was having a dream. 
When Christopher and Maisy had been together, they’d forced that torturous medicine down her throat. It had made her whole body burn, and she’d had no way to relieve herself from it. 
It had also traumatized her psychologically. All those memories overwhelmed her like a tide.. 
“No. I won’t take it.” 
Her voice was hoarse from her fever. She shut her eyes tightly, but tears appeared on her cold and pale 
face. 
She couldn’t stop crying. 
Was she so delicate? Joe pursed his thin lips. 
He was about to force Skylar to take the medicine when Gloria called him. 
“How’s Skye? Did you take care of her? You brat, Skye’s your darling wife now that she’s married you. Your need to behave and take good care of her when she’s sick!” 
Joe pursed her lips tightly after hearing Gloria’s reprimands. “She has a fever. I was just about to give her 
medicine.” 
“What? A fever? That’s serious! Then, why are you still here? Hang up and take care of Skye!* 
Joe hung up speechlessly and looked toward Skylar. 
She’d curled herself up. Her pretty face was red from the fever, but she was still crying. The sight was heart–wrenching. 
###Chapter:25
Joe tugged at his tie again. He said gravely, “Skylar, you’re having a fever of 102.2 degrees. You need to take some medicine.” 
Skylar gritted her teeth tightly when she heard the word “medicine“. 
“I hate you, Christopher!” she said in a daze. 
When he heard the name “Christopher” and saw the tears on Skylar’s pretty face, Joe understood why she 
was upset. 
She bit her lips so tightly that they might bleed. 
He frowned and said, “Skylar, wake up.” 
Maybe she had actually bitten through her lips. The pain woke her up, but her head was still throbbing, and 
she still felt weak. 
She saw Joe when she opened her eyes. 
The scene that had felt like a dream dissipated, but her heart was still aching. 
She reached her hand out to Joe. “Thank you. Is that aspirin? Give it to me.” 
Joe gazed at her deeply and passed the medicine and a glass of water to her. 
“I’ll feel better after taking this. Please get some rest, Mr. Martin.” 
Joe said coldly, “You’ll be okay by yourself?” 
Skylar smiled and nodded. “Yes. It’s just a cold and a fever.” It was a minor illness. She can handle it. 
Joe looked at how tough Skylar was behaving now and recalled how delicate she’d looked when she’d been crying. Was she trying to act tough in front of him? 
He considered that possibility and the speculations he’d made about her. Then, he agreed coldly 
leaving Skylar’s room. 
After Joe left, Skylar laid back down. 
efore 
Perhaps the dream had been too real. It made her feel like she’d returned to her previous life. It kept her 
awake. 
Skylar still felt weak, but she felt better since she’d taken a nap and some medicine. 
Her phone rang. She picked it up when she saw that it was Steven who was calling. “Steven.” 
“Why do you sound so weak, Skye? Are you sick?” Steven asked quickly. He’d watch her grow up. He knew 
that this was how she sounded when she was sick. 
Skylar’s eyes turned red. It must have been because she was sick; it made her miss her family. “I’m okay. Steven. It’s just a minor cold. I’ll feel better after a nap.” 
“Where are you living now? I’m not busy now; I can take care of you.” Steven was worried that Skylar wast alone in a rented house. 
Skylar quickly came up with an excuse. “I’m renting with someone now. My housemate will take care of me. Don’t worry, Steven.” 
She hadn’t figured out how she should inform them about her swift marriage. 
Steven relaxed a little when he heard that someone would take care of Skylar. “Oh, right, is something going on with you and Christopher?” 
“I’ve broken up with him. Has he looked for you?” Skylar licked her fever–dry lips. The pain she felt from the dream seemed to have crept up again. 
“He just called me, asking where you were. You should have broken up with him earlier! I’ve never liked him. I feel like he’s changed for the worse in these last two years, Steven said. 
Skylar said self–deprecatingly, “You’re right.” 
Even Steven had seen that Christopher had become evil. How could she be so blind in her previous life? 
“Steven, come take a look. Don’t you think this thesis looks like yours?” 
Skylar could hear that someone was calling Steven. She asked worriedly, “Has something happened, Steven?” 
###Chapter:26
Steven was silent for a few minutes. He must have covered his phone so Skylar wouldn’t hear what they 
were saying. 
Skylar was slightly worried, but she heard Steven again in a few minutes. 
He said, “it’s okay, Skye. It’s just a minor issue. I’ll handle it. Get some rest. If you still feel unwell, you have to go to the hospital, okay?” 
“Alright, I will.” 
Skylar didn’t press him. She knew Steven. He’d always been her big brother, and he took care of the rest of his siblings well. He wouldn’t worry them if it was something he could handle. 
She clicked on her banking app on her phone to check her balance. 
Daniel had given her 50% of her pay for restoring the paintings. She’d get the rest of them after she completed her job. 
She had 800 thousand dollars in her bank account now. 
After Steven graduated from university, he’d worked for a scientific research company. However, his salary had been low. 
Furthermore, he’d signed a ten–year contract, so he couldn’t resign. He would have to pay a huge amount as compensation if he resigned. 
In her past life, Steven had been stuck in his career before her car accident. He hadn’t seemed to be able to progress further. 
She’d decided that she would try her best to help them in this life. But she didn’t have enough money yet. 
She fell asleep as she thought about this. 
In the next room, Joe was having trouble sleeping. 
Compared to how comfortably he’d slept at Pearlhall Residence last night, he was completely awake. now. It irritated him. 
He got out of bed and walked to the first floor to get a glass of water. 
When he got out of his room, he saw that the light in Skylar’s room was still on. His eyes flickered, and he walked over. 
He knocked on the door three times. “Skylar.” 
There was no response. 
Was she still having a fever? Had she fainted? 
Joe glanced at the light coming from under the door. His gaze darkened as he walked in. 
Skylar’s eyes were tightly closed. She was lying quietly on her bed, and he could barely hear her breathing. 
Joe walked over and checked her temperature with the head thermometer. Her temperature was down to 99.5 degrees. 
Joe put the thermometer down and took another glance at Skylar. 
If she could abide by the contract obediently for three years without any ulterior motives, he’d give her another sum of money when their contract ended. 
His gaze darkened again when he recalled the way she’d uttered the name “Christopher“. 
Paul should be able to find out what had happened between her and Christopher soon. 
Skylar wok 
When up again, it was 6:00 am. 
She no longer had a fever, but she still felt slightly weak. So, she called Daniel to take sick leave. Then, 
she went downstairs to make breakfast. 
Galaxy Villa was far from the city. There weren’t a lot of options for takeout, either. She just wanted to have some porridge for breakfast. 
When she went down, she was surprised to see Joe at the dining table. There was some porridge and 
buns on the table. 
When Joe saw her, he said, “Grandma sent these.” 
Skylar felt warm after learning that Gloria had sent them food, “Grandma is so nice to me.” She picked up 
her phone to send Gloria a message. 
###Chapter:27
“Thanks, Grandma. I’m feeling much better today. I’ll visit to keep you company at Pearlhall Residence. once I recover completely,” said Skylar. 
She only realized that Joe was looking at her the entire time after she sat down. So, she asked, “Do you 
need something?” 
Joe shot her a sarcastic, biting look. “Aren’t you surprisingly good at buttering up to Grandma?” 
“I’m not buttering up to her. It’s called giving and receiving. Grandma’s nice to me and had someone deliver breakfast for me, so it’s only fair that I politely thank her. 
“Do you have something against sincere social interactions, Mr. Martin? Or do you think it’s Grandma’s duty to deliver this breakfast for me, so I don’t have to thank her at all?” Skylar refuted. 
That made Joe completely speechless. He found Skylar incredibly sharp–tongued. It was no wonder Gloria always forgot about his existence when she was with Skylar. 
For the rest of the meal, the two didn’t exchange another word. It was only when Skylar wanted to do the dishes that Joe spoke up. “Keep them there. I’ll do it.” 
“Okay, thanks.” Skylar didn’t bother playing nice or refuse his help. 
She decided that she would take the initiative to bear the household chores whenever Joe got sick within 
these three years. 
Although she was a little displeased this morning, she couldn’t deny that Joe had taken good care of her at home and on the way back from the auction house last night. 
Because of that, she didn’t plan on arguing with him over petty matters. 
She fell asleep again after returning to her room. 
It was already 10:00 am when Skylar cracked open her bleary eyes. 
She felt more energized after her nap this time. Yet, she had just gotten out of bed when she received a 
call from Charles. 
“Skye, I heard you fell sick. Are you feeling any better now? Do you need me to accompany you?” he asked. 
“I’m fine now, Charles. I took some medication last night and woke up feeling much better this morning. Plus, I just took another nap. I’m completely fine now. I’m even thinking of going to visit Mom’s workplace. 
“Alright, then. I wanted to show you that I’m as competent of a brother as Steven is. Too bad you didn’t give me the chance to do it.7 
Skylar chuckled and replied, “You’re already an amazing person in your own right.” 
Laughter bubbled from Charles. “I don’t care much for others‘ praises, but I love it when you shower me 
with compliments.” 
The siblings chatted for a little more before ending the call. 
Then, Skylar changed into a fresh set of clothes and put on simple, light makeup before driving to Janine’s 
workplace. 
There wasn’t much congestion on the road, so she soon arrived at Jubilance Hotel, where Janine worked 
as a housekeeper. 
Jubilance Hotel was not only a five–star hotel but also had an award–winning restaurant inside it. 
Janine was a mother of four children and usually didn’t make an effort with her appearance. Even so, she was a natural beauty and didn’t have many wrinkles, despite being 48 years old. 
Sometimes, others often mistook her for Skylar’s sister if the two were out in public together. 
Janine earned little from her housekeeping job. Her monthly salary was about 4500 dollars. Even if she worked every possible shift, she’d only earn about 5000 dollars. 
After deducting her rental fees, she’d end up with 3500 dollars a month. The remaining amount was barely enough for her to do anything with it. 
Fortunately, Steven and Charles had been helping to cover some of the household expenses after they’d started working. Plus, Harvey was frugal with money. All of them chipped in some effort to support the 
family. 
Thanks to that, they were now confident that their futures would be bright. 
Janine had just shifted to this job last month, so Skylar hadn’t visited her yet. 
Skylar knew Janine had a half–hour lunch break at 11:30 am. She bought some pizza from a nearby restaurant and arrived at Jubilance Hotel when it was almost time for Janine’s break. Once she was 
outside, she called Janine. 
The call rang for ages, but Janine didn’t answer. 
Skylar glanced at her watch. She waited a little longer after seeing that it was three minutes until 11:30 am. After three minutes, she tried calling Janine again, but the latter still didn’t answer. 
She headed into Jubilance Hotel, wanting to ask around at the front desk. “Hi, my mother’s name is Janine Yancey. She works as a housekeeper at this hotel. 
“It should be her lunch break now, so I’d like to see her. Could you use your hotel’s internal line and ask 
her to come out?” 
The receptionist had just agreed and nodded when the front desk’s phone rang. Then, the receptionist answered it, furrowed her brows, and hung up before turning to Skylar. 
“Something went wrong on your mother’s end. Since you happen to be here now, you can come with me 
to check on the situation.” 
###Chapter:28
“What happened?” Skylar asked with urgency. 
Janine had always been kind and warm. She could get along with anyone, anywhere. 
Skylar knew that and wondered what had caused the receptionist to suddenly frown. 
“Your mother was cleaning the elevator. She got into an argument with a guest who was going to the restaurant on the 36th floor for a meal. The guest has lodged a complaint against our hotel.” 
The receptionist was panicking a little. She explained things to Skylar while also dialing the manager’s 
number. 
Jubilance Hotel had always valued customer service, so they took complaints seriously. 
Although Janine had only been there here for a month, she was on great terms with her colleagues. They liked the Janine a lot and thought she was friendly. 
Yet, now that the complaint had been lodged, no one knew how the manager would handle the situation. 
Skylar immediately followed the receptionist into the elevator and onto the tenth floor. She heard an ongoing conversation inside the hotel’s offices before entering the space. 
“You must be strict when dealing with this woman. We can look past her being rude to hotel guests in the 
elevator, but how dare she hit my mother?” said one of the guests. 
Then, the other guest joined in. “My diamond ring, worth hundreds of thousands of dollars, is missing. Only three of us were in the elevator, so this woman must’ve stolen it! I demand that you search her now!” 
“You’re going too far, Sadie! I would never steal from someone. Plus, you were the one who beat me first. I was only defending myself! Janine challenged. 
Skylar halted once she heard the familiar voices. They belonged to Maisy and Sadie. 
She hadn’t seen the two of them since she’d left the hospital that day. 
Skylar had seen Maisy and Christopher on a date from afar when she’d bought her car. However, she’d 
never encountered them face to face. 
Skylar listened to the mother–daughter pair hurling aggressive accusations at Janine. She pursed her lips and clenched her fists, suppressing her fiery hatred as she rushed toward the office. 
“Janine, apologize to the guest and allow us to perform a body search as the guest requested. The manager immediately dealt with Janine once he arrived. 
Janine had never imagined the manager would push all the blame onto her without trying to learn the 
truth. 
“If you fail to find my ring. I’ll get the media to expose your hotel for having staff with tendencies to steal things.” Sadie carried herself with a condescending, arrogant demeanor. 
. 
She wanted Janine to know the difference between their social classes. Since Janine hadn’t educated Skylar well enough, Sadie had taken it upon herself to teach Janine a lesson. 
Maisy, who stood aside, looked down on Janine even more now that she knew Janine worked as a hotel housekeeper. 
At the same time, she became even more determined not to return to Janine’s side. 
Maisy 
her. 
refused to have a housekeeper for a mother. If her friends found out about it, they’d surely mock 
Janine saw Maisy’s indifference and how she’d joined forces with Sadie to frame her. Her initial motherly love and guilt toward Maisy vanished at once. 
Her eyes reddened as she held her ground in front of the manager. “What they said isn’t the truth. They’re framing me!” 
“You should apologize first.” The manager didn’t believe Janine’s words. He only focused on Maisy and Sadie, who donned branded clothing pieces from head to toe. 
“I…” Janine’s fists balled. No matter how miserable she’d been, she’d never cried a single tear since Finn’s 
death. 
Yet, the shame she felt from being framed now reddened her eyes. 
in the elevator. If I call the police now, they’ll investigate the surveillance footage at once.” Skylar’s cold eyes snapped toward Sadie and Maisy. 
“You two are the ones who should apologize. There are surveillance cameras t 
She had witnessed many of their schemes. Now that she’d crossed paths with them again, she still found them as hideous and beastly as ever. It didn’t matter that they dressed up nicely. 
“Skyel” Janine was surprised to see Skylar. 
Skylar approached Janine’s side. “Mom, they aren’t legally allowed to perform a full body search, even if 
you’re their employee.” 
“Do you know what you’re saying, Skye?” Sadie questioned angrily. 
“Skylar, we haven’t seen you in days. Yet, the first thing you do when you show yourself is upset Mom? Aren’t you going a little too far?” Maisy sneered with an accusing tone as she eyed Skylar from head to 
toe with disdain. 
She assumed Skylar had been hiding somewhere since she hadn’t seen the latter in days. 
Not only that, but she also firmly believed Skylar must have been drowning in tears every day and had possibly become depressed or haggard. 
###Chapter:29
Maisy never imagined Skylar would look fine, as if nothing had happened. On top of that, she even gave off an indescribably superior temperament compared to before. 
The manager and the other staff at the scene were confused. In their eyes, it seemed like the women 
knew each other. 
Skylar ignored Maisy and Sadie. Instead, she turned to the manager. “I’m Janine’s daughter, I suspect these women are deliberately causing trouble and framing my mom. If you don’t call the police, I’ll do it myself.” 
The manager reacted quickly, trying to soothe and change Skylar’s mind. “Please don’t call the police. Do you ladies know each other? Is there some misunderstanding in this matter? 
“Why don’t we all sit down and talk things through? We’d only be complicating things if we called the police. Wouldn’t that make resolving the issue more difficult?” 
Sadie’s expression withered as she glowered at Skylar. “Don’t you know who your biological mother is? You’d call the police on your biological mother over this woman? It’s been a while, but you’ve become more of a disrespectful troublemaker!” 
“Us having biological relations won’t change anything. The fact that you gave birth to me means nothing compared to Mom, who raised me! 
“You’re saying so much about me, but have you considered how Maisy’s being equally disrespectful? She’s fine with framing her biological mother! How’s she any different from a ruthless murderer?” Skylar snapped back while scoffing. 
“What did you say? How dare you suggest that woman is comparable to Mom? Skylar, are you trying to ruin mine and Mom’s relationship?” Maisy’s heart raced with anxiety 
She had never thought Skylar would be so bold. 
Regardless, she refused to acknowledge Janine as her mother. Rage overflowed in her chest as she stomped hard on her heels and marched toward Skylar, wanting to slap the latter. 
“Skye!” Janine cried out in shock. 
Skylar grabbed Maisy’s arm, spun on her heel, and threw the latter to the ground in one swift move. At the same time, she pressed her knee onto Maisy’s abdomen, rendering the latter unable to move. 
Maisy could only kick her legs up in retaliation. She no longer behaved in a ladylike manner; instead, she kicked around so much that others could even see the color of her underwear. “Let me go, Skylar!” 
ally processed 
The entire thing had happened so quickly that no one had been able to react. When they finally what had happened, Skylar had slapped Maisy several times. 
Maisy had been beaten up so much that her ears rang. After letting out a shrill scream, she snarled, “I’m not done with you, Skylar! I’m calling the cops! How dare you hit me?” 
She didn’t know why her entire body ached along with her face. 
Sadie finally snapped to her senses and stepped forward to shove Skylar away. 
However, Janine stopped Sadie. “As elders, we shouldn’t interfere in our children’s fight.” 
Janine had been so worried earlier that she’d almost forgotten Skylar had never lost in a fight back when they had lived in the countryside. 
Skylar had only stopped fighting in high school because Janine had sternly prohibited it. 
No one knew where Skylar had learned to fight or who’d taught her. Those she’d beaten up had screamed. in pain, but the doctors had never been able to find any injuries on their bodies. 
Janine had later learned from Steven that Skylar knew the acupuncture points on everyone’s bodies and could 
target those points. 
In the eyes of everyone there, Maisy seemed to cry out as if she were in deep agony. However, Janine had gotten used to seeing such a reaction. 
That was when a chilling, interrogative voice rang out from the door. “What is this?” 
Everyone in the office turned toward the door. 
Maisy was so flustered upon seeing the man at the doorway that she wanted to cover her face. Meanwhile, Skylar was a little shocked to see that it was Joe. She wondered why he’d shown 
up there. 
###Chapter:30
Joe’s frosty gaze snapped over to Skylar, who had pinned a woman on the ground. The woman’s face seemed red and swollen from getting beaten up. 
As for Skylar, she appeared unwavering and calm. The supple skin on her face made her seem fairly 
innocent. 
Joe thought to himself, “It seems she’s recovered.” 
Paul was shocked to see Skylar at the scene. His features darkened as he turned to the manager right away. “You’d best sort this out.” 
That left the manager in a panic. He couldn’t understand why Joe was there today and had to witness such a scene. The manager knew he’d lose his job if he failed to resolve the issue. 
Skylar realized then that Martin Group owned this hotel and the entire building. That was why Joe was 
here. 
Right away, the manager succinctly explained every detail about what had happened earlier and how he planned to resolve the matter to Joe. 
Joe tried to gather the reason behind the situation while listening to the manager. Then, his intense gaze swept past everyone inside the office. It made them feel suffocated. 
Sadie knew little about the company’s affairs. Even so, almost everyone in the upper social circles had 
heard about Joe.. 
Not to mention the fact that, in the past two days, Jeffrey had kept suggesting they find a chance to introduce Maisy to Joe. 
Jeffrey hoped that would allow the Williams family to rise in Jipsburg City’s social ranks. 
Sadie was shocked upon seeing Joe. She also felt slight regret about causing trouble for Janine. She couldn’t stand that Joe had witnessed Maisy getting beaten up. It was far too damaging to Maisy’s image. 
She peered ahead and saw that Skylar was still violently pinning Maisy down. It almost made her lose 
control over her senses. 
She couldn’t belleve Janine was just watching the fight play out and didn’t bother telling off Skylar. 
Still, Sadie soon snapped out of her thoughts and put on a pitiful act like she was the victim. “Get off her, Skylar! How dare you get physically aggressive?” 
Only then did Janine realize how complicated the situation was. She felt the incident would impact Skylar, which made her regret being so firm earlier, 
Janine wished she had tolerated things and apologized to Sadie instead. Perhaps the situation wouldn’t have gotten this complicated if she’d acted differently instead. 
The manager happened to notice Janine’s panic. He instantly understood the decision he had to make. 
After all, he was only sacrificing a housekeeper. Hotel guests were like gods, and that applied even more so to guests who were respectable figures. 
“Janine, tell your daughter to let go of our guest at once!” the manager barked. 
“I’m no longer upset. Let’s just drop the matter. Your hotel should run a background check on future job. applicants to see if they have kleptomaniac tendencies before hiring them,” Sadie said self– righteously. 
Maisy had teared up by then, making her seem extra weak. On the other hand, Skylar appeared to be the 
bully. 
Skylar lifted her knee off Maisy’s 
stomach before standing straight like nothing had happened. 
“Janine, regardless of what happened, you should still apologize to the guest first. The manager no longer cared if the women knew each other. He only felt he needed to end the situation well in front of 
Joe. 
However, he couldn’t explain why something felt odd about Joe’s and Paul’s demeanors. 
“Do I need to repeat myself? My mom isn’t at fault. These women are the ones framing her. Shall I call the police, then?” Skylar held Janine’s hand for support. 
Janine spoke in a low voice, “Skye, I’ll just apologize and end this situation for good.” 
Skylar shook her head to make her stance known. She knew that letting Maisy and Sadie have their way would only inflate their egos. It would make them more shameless in the future. 
“How dare you?” Sadie was livid because of Skylar. 
Maisy acted like she was afraid of Skylar. She lowered her head and bit her lip before murmuring, “Your 
even hit me earlier…” 
Skylar was used to seeing Maisy’s sly act of being the victim. She shot a half–smile at the latter while saying, “The police will say I was only defending myself a little too well. Besides, would I have hit you if 
you hadn’t tried to slap me?” 
“Yeah, Skye would never make the first move in a fight,” Janine testified. 
Joe glared at Sadie before staring deeply into Skylar’s eyes. His and Skylar’s gazes met, but none of the others around them noticed. 
###Chapter:31
Joe and Skylar even looked away at the same time. 
“You can deal with this,” Joe said while looking at Paul. Then, he strolled out of the office area’s main doors as he had only passed by the space. 
Paul knew about Joe and Skylar’s relationship; they were secretly married and didn’t want others to know about it. That was why he couldn’t formally greet Skylar. 
Still, the fact that Joe had let Paul handle things meant Joe didn’t want Skylar to be picked on. 
The irony was Skylar hadn’t gotten bullied by the others. In fact, she had even beaten someone up as 
though she was bringing the wrongdoers to justice. 
Despite that, one could only blame Sadie for mistreating Skylar and being unlucky enough to bump into 
Joe. 
With that in mind, Paul ordered, “Check the surveillance footage and see if these women have framed our 
employee. If that’s the case, call the police at once.” 
That rattled the manager at once. 
Sadie’s arrogant expression dropped. “What?” 
Even Maisy paled in sheer shock. “Mr. Martin may have asked you to deal with our case, but do you 
seriously plan to resolve the issue this way?” 
Skylar didn’t give away the fact that she knew Paul. She nodded at the latter neutrally as thanks. 
Janine said to Paul, “Thank you for believing me.” 
That was when Paul’s voice took a stern shift, and he turned to face the manager. “As for you, this 
incident has demonstrated your unprofessionalism, as well as your inability to remain unfazed and 
unblased. 
“Go and collect another month’s salary from the finance department. Then, I want you to resign of your 
own will,” 
The manager had just texted the office group chat, asking someone to go through the surveillance footage for the elevator. He’d never imagined that he’d get fired immediately after. 
This job position was the best he’d gotten in years. It came with a high monthly salary and a great working environment. He couldn’t believe he’d gotten fired for defending the hotel’s guests. 
Meanwhile, Sadie and Maisy were freaking out. 
Sadie glared daggers at Skylar and Janine, thinking it had been a waste to treat Skylar so well these past 
six months. 
She felt betrayed by the fact that Skylar had sided with Janine to attack her. It infuriated her to no end. 
Yet, she refused to involve the police in this incident. After all, the surveillance cameras had caught her. red–handed. 
Her eyes darted down as she exclaimed, “Gosh! What’s my ring doing here? This incident is a misunderstanding. 
“I didn’t lose my ring, so you guys don’t have to check the surveillance footage or call the police anymore. It’s my mistake.” 
Maisy tolerated the pain in her cheek from being slapped as she played along. “Oh, so it was in your bag, Mom. It seems this was all a misunderstanding.” 
“A misunderstanding, huh?” Skylar knew the duo were putting on an act. Without a trace of emotion, she looked at them. 
The two had behaved the same in her past life. They had always brushed off their actions as a misunderstanding after they’d gotten caught. 
Not only had they gotten away clean, but they’d also told Skylar not to be offended by them. 
At the time, Skylar had let things slide and forgiven them with ease because she’d seen them as family. 
Skylar now knew Sadie and Maisy would never admit they were at fault. Because of that, she said stoically, “It’s best if we still settle this incident in the police’s presence.” 
Paul had previously investigated Skylar’s relationship with the Williams family. The information he’d received claimed Skylar supported the family and wanted to join them. 
However, the scene before him felt like an entirely different situation. 
That was when Paul recalled how Joe had ordered him to retract their support for the Williams family a few days ago. It seemed the Williams family and Skylar weren’t on good terms now. 
“What on earth are you trying to do, Skye?” Sadie hissed. 
Her patience depleted while anger and anxiety coursed through her veins. How come neither her soft nor her harsh approaches seemed to be working with Skylar? 
###Chapter:32
“I want to confirm if someone’s deliberately framing my mom and make things just for her.” Skylar’s deep, smoldering gaze bore into Sadie’s and Maisy’s, who stood before her. 
She’d summoned a great deal of willpower to control her emotions, she’d nearly killed Maisy when she’d pinned down the latter earlier. 
However, Skylar felt like her second chance at life would be meaningless if Sadie and Maisy caused 
Viola, Gloria, and her family to go to jail. 
“How dare you?” Sadie was in total shock upon realizing Skylar was no longer the same person who’d 
done everything to please her. 
Maisy felt nothing but utter loathing toward Skylar. She refused to get the police involved. 
That was when a light bulb went off in her head, and she looked at Janine with a teary expression. “We’ve 
already admitted that we were mistaken. Please, can’t we end this matter here, Ms. Yancey? 
wany 
“It would do nobody any good to make this a big deal, right? Please convince my sister not to escalate 
things” 
Janine’s heart withered when Maisey addressed her as though she were a stranger. Even so, she knew it 
would do no good to Skylar if they made a big deal out of things. 
Skylar’s relationship with the Williams family would only become strained since she had challenged Sadie. 
Janine knew that, so she tried to convince Skylar with a gentle voice. “Skye, how about we drop this matter? I accept their apology and believe they won’t do this again.” 
Paul looked down at his phone; he’d just received the elevator surveillance footage. 
From the footage, it was clear that Sadie had instigated the physical violence. Alas, she’d happened to be 
in a blind spot, so it was unclear whether Sadie had taken off her ring to frame Janine 
Paul forwarded the video to Skylar, who checked it. 
“Since Janine has already accepted our apology, let’s end this matter here. Skye, I know you’re still upset 
that we didn’t buy you a car and even terminated your card. 
“But know that we’re only doing it for your good. Come home tonight. I won’t take what happened today 
to heart,” said Sadie. 
Sadie felt oddly uncomfortable when she saw Skylar treating her coldly while defending Janine this entire 
time. 
She was Skylar’s biological mother, but why did Skylar only care about Janine? How could a woman who worked as a housekeeper mean more to Skylar than her? 
Skylar had never heard Sadie utter such soft, friendly words to her before. Now that she’d heard them, she only found them words ridiculous and ironic. 
“I won’t spare you guys if you dare pick on my mom again. I don’t care if it means risking my life.” Skylar hugged Janine’s arm while snarling at them. Then, she left the office with Janine. 
Those words rattled Sadie to her core. From the way Skylar had treated Sadie, she seemed like an entirely different person. 
Maisy thought Skylar had gone bonkers to threaten Sadie over a mere housekeeper. The ache on her face caused her to inhale sharply before she took out her phone. 
She texted Christopher, saying, “I bumped into Skylar at Jubilance Hotel. She hit me and even offended my mom.” 
A minute later, Christopher replied, “I’m nearby. I’ll head over now.” 
Christopher was determined to see Skylar. He hadn’t been in contact with her in so many days, which had made him realize she was serious about breaking up with him this time. 
It was Janine’s lunch break, so she and Skylar went to the staff’s break room. 
They enjoyed their takeaway pizza, and Janine also took the provided staff meal. After all, Jubilance Hotel’s staff meals were lavish and nutritious, with a good balance of protein and vegetables. 
“Skye, you and your mom-” Janine couldn’t help feeling uneasy as she recalled the tense atmosphere from earlier. 
“I’ll only acknowledge you as my mom. The Williams family has nothing to do with me from now on,” Skylar said in a low, grunting tone. 
“Skye, tell me the truth. Did something happen to you while you were with the Williams family? Did they mistreat you?” 
It pained Janine to think about that. She had a gut feeling that Skylar had been picked on by the Williams family. 
After all, Skylar was affable. She had always been well–behaved and considerate toward others. 
She wouldn’t have been this determined to cut ties if the Williams family hadn’t done something to her. 
###Chapter:33
Skylar didn’t want Janine to worry, so she said, “Nothing happened. Don’t worry, Mom.” 
sit 
Janine didn’t press on because Skylar didn’t want to discuss it now. She would wait for Skylar to open up when the latter was ready. 
Besides, she planned to shower Skylar with double the love since the Williamses hadn’t cherished her. 
Skylar went into the elevator after finishing her meal with Janine. She was about to leave the hotel when she bumped into Joe in the elevator. 
Joe had one hand in his pocket, and he exuded an overbearing air that deterred others from daring to get close to him. He only glanced at Skylar when she entered the elevator. 
Apart from Paul, a few of the hotel’s senior management staff were also in the elevator. They were giving work reports to Joe. 
Skylar pretended not to know Joe, as per their agreement. Likewise, Paul could only act like he and Skylar were strangers. 
The elevator soon reached the first floor. 
Skylar stepped out, then hurried out of the hotel. She had just made it to the hotel’s entrance when she received a text from Joe. It read, “Wait for me. I’ll be out in a few minutes.” 
As Skylar read that message, she couldn’t help wondering if Joe wanted to talk about her argument with Sadie and Maisy. 
Skylar was deep in thought as she read the message. 
Suddenly, someone grabbed her wrist with great force and pulled her into a hug as if it were out of habit. The person who’d enveloped Skylar in a hug was one she’d once reljed on. 
“I’ve finally found you, babe! I’ve been reflecting on myself these past few days. We’ve been so busy working on each other’s matters since arriving in Jipsburg that I’ve neglected you. It’s my fault. I realize 
that now. 
“Besides, you know how much I adore you. I’ve only had eyes for you since high school. I’ll only want to marry you in this lifetime. 
“Please don’t be mad at me, okay, babe? You don’t have to donate blood if you don’t want to. Nobody here is more important than you, and I’ll do whatever you ask me to from now on. Babe… 
Christopher was about to kiss Skylar after saying that 
At that moment, not too far away from them, Joe walked out of the hotel and saw the couple hugging. Paul’s eyes widened as he muttered, “Wait is Ms. Sullivan…” 
He wondered if Skylar hadn’t broken up with Christopher. 
In truth, he had hired a private investigator to look into Christopher, and they claimed to have found some 
dirt. So, the scene in front of him left him baffled. 
Paul felt like the situation made it seem like Skylar was cheating on Joe.. 
Joe’s eyes narrowed to slits. There was even a vicious gleam in his eyes. 
He turned to re–enter the hotel and gave Paul, who stood behind him, an order. “Bring the marriage agreement that Skylar and I signed over here.” 
“What?” Paul uttered while thinking if that meant Joe would end the agreement in advance. 
Skylar’s body tensed a lot. It even tremored slightly, causing her to be unable to react right away. 
When she did, Christopher’s lips were already close to her face. She paled and used all her strength to shove him. 
That caught Christopher off guard; he’d never imagined that she would be cruel enough to push him away. 
Whenever he’d hugged her and apologized in the past, she had always forgiven him, no matter how angry she’d been. It was his foolproof method. 
So, his eyes snapped wide open in confusion at Skylar, whose gaze turned frosty. Her once clear and innocent gaze was now filled with hatred. “Babe…” 
Skylar had thought that she could calmly face Christopher. Alas, it turned out that she couldn’t control her hatred upon seeing the man who’d betrayed and hurt her the most. 
###Chapter:34
“I’ve broken up with you long ago, Christopher! Don’t call me ‘babe‘ anymore. Just the sight of you repulses me. Because of you, I even hate the idea of becoming someone’s wife!” Skylar growled. 
The flame within her grew at the sight of his face. At the same time, her stomach kept cramping, which caused her face to pale more. 
Surprise showed on Christopher’s charming face. “Babe, do you even know what you’re saying?” 
He couldn’t comprehend why she had suddenly changed. It seemed that she wasn’t throwing a normal 
tantrum. 
Skylar pursed her lips but ultimately couldn’t help barking, “Get lost!” 
“Skylar, you know I’d never threaten to break up randomly, yet you keep bringing it up. Aren’t you afraid we’ll actually end up going our separate ways?” Christopher practically thundered at her. 
“You’d better not show your face from today onward,” Skylar said grimly. 
Christopher, who used to be a bright young man, had turned into a vile scumbag. That thought made Skylar feel like she’d wasted her youth on him. 
She mused, “I can’t fucking wait to see what Christopher will do when I end up in the hospital and need an exorbitant amount of money for surgery fees again.” 
Christopher took a deep breath before pointing at her. “You’d better not regret doing this!” 
After that, he whipped around and speedily marched off. 
Skylar’s tightening chest gradually eased up once she saw Christopher flee far away. 
Joe had watched the entire thing. He stood at the hotel’s lounge on the first floor, gazing past the floor–to- ceiling windows at Skylar and Christopher’s lover’s quarrel. 
All warmth left his eyes as he texted Skylar. “You don’t have to wait up anymore.” 
That was when Maisy exited the elevator. She was drawn to Joe right away. He was too hard not to 
notice. 
“You must be Mr. Martin, right? What happened earlier was a misunderstanding. I’ve already forgiven that impetuous young woman. 
She hurried over to Joe, not wanting to miss this rare opportunity. Her heels clicked with every step she 
made. 
Sadie didn’t stop Maisy when she saw the latter approaching Joe. 
It was rare for Maisy to like someone, and Joe happened to be someone the Williamses wanted to connect with. So, she hoped Joe could become her son–in–law. 
Joe turned around, his unfriendly stare settling on Maisy. Even his brows furrowed into a stem expression. 
Maisy jolted. “M–Mr. Martin?” 
Joe remained emotionless as he walked away from her. 
All at once, Maisy paled. She couldn’t believe he had ignored her. 
Maisy used to be the prettiest girl on campus, so she’d had many admirers. Nobody had ever ignored her 
like that. 
Sadie rushed over then. “Maisy. 
“Mom, does Mr. Martin not like me? He totally ignored me when I was talking to him.” Maisy’s eyes reddened. 
She had always been proud and had never made the first move with men. It was her first time taking the initiative to speak with a man, but he’d treated her like she was air. 
That felt no different than getting slapped. 
“Maybe Mr. Martin is busy and couldn’t stay for a chat with you. It seemed like something was bothering him. Who knows? Maybe he’s in a bad mood because something happened. Don’t overthink it. 
“Your dad says he’s hoping to negotiate a collaboration project with Martin Group in two days. I’ll ask him to bring you along,” Sadie said, trying to console Maisy. 
Maisy regained her confidence after listening to Sadie’s comforting words. 
An hour later, Maisy finally found the chance to call Christopher. 
She asked, “Did you meet up with Skylar? Did you punish her on my behalf? My face still hurts after getting beaten up by her! I don’t know what’s wrong with her today!” 
###Chapter:35
Christopher was driving as he said to the phone, “Skylar wants to break up with me.” 
“Break up with you? But isn’t she madly in love with you?” 
Maisy felt like things were slipping out of her control. Something must have happened to Skylar that she and Christopher didn’t know about. 
I 
“I still don’t get it either. Could it be that she found out about our affair? If she has, I should take this chance to break it off with her. Let’s make our relationship official, Maisy.” 
“Christopher, you and I aren’t in a relationship. We’re just regular friends who happened to go to the same college. 
“So what if Skylar thinks we had an our affair? She’s just being paranoid and overthinking things.” Maisy drew a clear line between her and Christopher at once. 
Christopher slammed the brakes just then. “B–But we had sex in a hotel room last week. Doesn’t that mean we’re seeing each other?” 
Maisy bluntly replied, “It’s only sex. It’s not like we have a future together. Besides, my parents would never let me marry you. I’m different from Skylar, after all.” 
She’d merely enjoyed stealing Skylar’s boyfriend. It wasn’t like she would willingly let herself marry 
someone with a lower social standing. 
Christopher gripped the steering wheel, his chest tightening so much it was difficult to breathe. “You don’t think I’m good enough?” 
“You know about Joe Martin, right? He’s the CEO of Martin Group. I’d gladly become your official girlfriend 
if you had the same social background as him! 
“Since you don’t, please don’t take this thing between us too seriously. You should brainstorm ways to win Skylar back and have her continue donating blood to me.” 
Maisy had never cared about what Christopher thought. She wouldn’t have been interested in Christopher if he hadn’t been Skylar’s boyfriend, 
Christopher gritted his teeth after ending the call. Maisy’s words had reminded him that he couldn’t afford to lose Skylar. So, he would never let Skylar break up with him. 
He called her at once, but she declined the call, just like she had before. 
For some reason, he began to panic and sent her a text. “Babe, we’re not breaking up. I don’t agree to it. We’ll talk things through when you’re not angry anymore.” 
Following that, he called Amelia. 
Ten minutes later, Skylar was driving along the road back to Galaxy Villa. She first received calls and texts 
from Christopher. However, less than ten minutes passed when Amelia called her, too. 
There happened to be congestion on the road, so Skylar answered the call. 
212 
“Skye! I heard you and Christopher are fighting. Did he upset you? I’ve given him a good scolding, and he knows he made a mistake. 
“Please let him off the hook for my reputation’s sake, okay?” Amelia advised Skylar like she was the wiser, 
older family member. 
Skylar found the former’s words ridiculous. “Your reputation doesn’t matter to me. Do you know why I 
answered your call?” 
“What on earth is going on with you, Skye? You were never this impolite to me before.” Amelia–was getting slightly angry. 
“I don’t need to be polite with you. I only answered your call because a child picks up bad behaviors from their parents. Christopher is a carbon copy of you. In fact, he’s an even more skilled villain than you. 
*You and your son are like a pack of vermin. It’s no wonder you guys are family!” Skylar shouted before 
promptly hanging up. 
Skylar had only learned the truth when she’d been amputated and bedridden in her previous life. 
It turned out that Amelia had been a mistress all along, and Christopher was a bastard child. That was 
why Skylar had never seen Christopher’s father. 
Amelia was livid as she stared at her phone screen, which indicated Skylar had ended the call. 
“If I hadn’t seen you as someone useful, I wouldn’t have let you date my son! Let’s see who’ll regret it more after you break up with my Christopher!” 
Skylar arrived at Galaxy Villa half an hour later. 
She was about to open the door and enter when Caleb called her. 
He said, “Skylar, I know an expert team in Jipsburg that specializes in restoring antiques. They’re hiring now. Would you like to drop by and check it out?” 
Skylar asked, “Are you talking about the team led by Alexander Gardner, the master of antique restoration? 
“Yep.” 
“I’ll apply for a position if I complete Mr. Zeller’s work these coming days. Thanks for letting me know, Caleb Skylar hung up while opening the door. 
The villa’s interior was brightly lit. Joe stood at the stairs, his cold stare directed at Skylar. 
###Chapter:36
Joe walked over to sit on the couch. He crossed his legs, which were enveloped in his trousers, before looking at Skylar again. 
Skylar could tell something was amiss, judging by his behavior. She wondered if it was related to what had happened at Jubilance Hotel earlier. 
As she went to sit opposite Joe, she couldn’t help but think that what had happened earlier had nothing to 
do with him. 
Could it be because he feared others would know about their secret marriage? 
That wouldn’t make sense either, because they had already signed an agreement. Not to mention, Skylar hadn’t said a word to him today. 
So, why did he seem so upset? 
She was still pondering the reason when she noticed the agreement on the coffee table in front of her. Confusion filled her mind when she saw the title “covert marriage agreement” on it. 
Wasn’t that the agreement they had signed when they had registered their marriage? 
Joe noticed the confusion on Skylar’s face, so he spoke up. “You still remember the terms of this agreement, don’t you?” 
Although Skylar didn’t quite understand what he was getting at, she still nodded. 
She had briefly scanned the agreement when signing it. There hadn’t been any unreasonable terms. They only had to keep the marriage a secret, and the marriage had an expiration date. 
“Please cut to the chase, Mr. Martin,” she said. 
Joe held a cigarette between two fingers. Smoke billowed around him, making it difficult for one to read his expression. 
He scoffed upon seeing Skylar behaving confidently, like she didn’t know what she had done wrong. 
“Spit it out. What did you and your boyfriend discuss? What do you guys plan to get from me? 
“For Grandma’s sake, I’ll give you what I can now. Then, we’ll file for a divorce at the courthouse, and you’d better not show up in front of Grandma again.” 
Skylar frowned, finally understanding why he was so angry. “I’d already broken up with Christopher long. ago, and I never planned to get anything from you. 
“Grandma has always been nice to me. The only reason I married you was to repay her kindness. You can relax because that’s the only reason I’m here.” 
“You’ve broken up, huh?” As Joe listened to Skylar’s pathetic lies, he switched on his phone and tossed it 
to her. 
His screen showed a picture of a young couple hugging outside the hotel. 
The picture made it seem like Christopher loved the woman dearly because he was hugging her so tightly. He acted like a possessive man, staking his claim over her. 
However, Skylar only felt sick and wanted to vomit when she saw the photo. The feeling of being hugged by Christopher disgusted her. 
With pursed lips, she calmed the disgust churning in her and said in a stiff, cold tone, “Yeah, we broke up.” 
“If that’s the case, why are you still hugging like you’re reluctant to let each other go?” Joe’s pointed gaze focused on Skylar. It was crystal clear that he didn’t trust her. 
“If you look carefully, Mr. Martin, you’ll notice he was forcing the hug on me. Whoever snapped this photo would’ve seen me push him away if they had waited a few more minutes. 
“I remember the terms of our agreement clearly. I won’t get involved with any man within our three years: of marriage. 
“However, I’m happy to agree to terminate the agreement if you’re trying to slander me with this photo.” 
Skylar voiced the thoughts weighing on her chest in one go. 
She felt much better after doing so. Yet, she also felt Joe’s suspicions were valid. She watched as Joe’s expression turned frosty in seconds. 
Skylar took out her phone and found the picture she had taken at the car dealership the other day. 
“Christopher and Maisy have been secretly seeing each other since long ago. Let’s not bother discussing 
how I no longer love Christopher. This picture alone makes it impossible for me to be in any relationship 
with him anymore.” 
Joe only took one look at the picture before retracting his gaze. Still, that wouldn’t change his decision. 
He believed Christopher and Skylar’s complicated relationship would only be messy. It was best to end things now to prevent any troubles from revealing themselves to Gloria. 
So, he said, “That doesn’t explain anything.” 
Seeing his decisiveness, Skylar decided not to explain herself anymore. She had already stated what was 
necessary. 
With a nod, she responded, “I won’t since you’re determined to end the agreement.” 
Her speedy compliance changed Joe’s impression of her slightly. 
###Chapter:37
“Let’s go to the courthouse tomorrow at 9:30 am. What would you like as compensation?” Joe asked. 
He’d never been a stingy person. Although Skylar had ulterior motives for approaching him, it was undeniable that she’d brought great pleasure to Gloria. He could tell she was sincere toward Gloria. 
“I don’t need any compensation.” Skylar outright refused. 
Viola’s letter had stated that Skylar could soar as high as she wanted and earn bountiful riches if she wanted. 
She continued, “But I hope you won’t prevent Grandma from reaching out to me if she wants to see me or needs my help. After all, Grandma Gloria and Grandma Viola are elders whom I love and respect.” 
Joe knew who Viola was since he’d met her a few times. She was not only a mysterious elder but also Gloria’s friend. 
Although Skylar knew Viola, someone trustworthy, it didn’t mean Skylar’s intentions were pure. 
“I almost forgot,” Skylar suddenly said. “You promised to cease offering support to the Williams family when we registered our marriage. I hope you’ll keep that promise.” 
At that point, she had said everything on her mind and no longer needed to add anything else on. 
Joe gazed at Skylar while deeply pondering her words. The way Skylar spoke made it seem like she was innocent, while he looked like he’d deliberately started a fight to end the agreement. 
“Sure,” he answered with a frown. 
With that, the two arrived at a consensus. They only needed to go to the courthouse the next day to. finalize their divorce. 
Skylar stood with her bag and headed upstairs. “I’m going to pack my things. I’ll move out from Galaxy Villa tomorrow. By then, you should tell Grandma-” 
“After spending these past few days together, we realized our personalities are incompatible. So, we can’t foresee living together. I’m sure Grandma will understand.” 
Skylar cocked a brow, surprised that Joe had already thought of an excuse. 
She could tell how cautious and skeptical Joe was toward her. So, without waiting for him to say anything more, she continued ascending the stairs. 
“There’s no rush to pack your things. You can do it after we return from the courthouse tomorrow. I’ll get Paul to drop you off,” Joe said., 
Skylar shook her head. “I don’t have many things, so it’s no trouble to pack them now.” 
Not a word came from Joe, whose expression turned sullen. 
Ten minutes later, Joe stood at the doorway to Skylar’s room. He looked at the packed suitcases and the room, which had returned to the way it had looked before Skylar had moved in. 
Skylar didn’t appear attached to Galaxy Villa. 
An inexplicable sensation ate at Joe’s heart as he started to feel like his assumption was wrong. 
Before Joe could think of anything more, he faced Skylar, who was looking up at him. He stated, ” 
Grandma’s heart wasn’t doing well, so she got hospitalized. We must go to her at once.” 
Skylar’s heart raced. “Didn’t Grandma say she felt better these past two days?” 
“I just got word at the last minute from the hospital. We’ll only know the specifics of her situation after we get there,” Joe answered with a low voice. 
Skylar dropped the sheets, which she’d been tidying. “Let’s hurry over.” 
“Yeah.” 
There weren’t many cars on the road, so they quickly reached the hospital within half an hour. 
Once there, they beelined for Gloria’s ward. 
Edgar explained Gloria’s condition to Joe and Skylar when they arrived, saying, “Mrs. Martin Senior briefly regained consciousness earlier. 
“She wanted me to relay a message. She wants you to go out for some food first. She has something to tell you two once she wakes from her rest.” 
###Chapter:38
“What did the doctor say?” Skylar was concerned about Gloria’s condition. 
She knew Gloria had always had heart problems. Gloria had undergone several bypass surgeries and had often been admitted to the hospital. 
Many respectable doctors had concluded Gloria could only live for another three years at best. 
That was why Joe had made Skylar sign a three–year covert marriage agreement. 
Edgar’s eyes reddened slightly. “The doctors aren’t optimistic about Mrs. Martin Senior’s condition. They hope her family can fill her remaining days with happiness, and maybe a miracle might happen.” 
Skylar’s throat constricted as she stood at the doorway and gazed into the ward. 
Gloria had a sick, chalky complexion, which differed from her usually cheerful demeanor. Seeing that drastic change made Skylar’s heart scrunch with pain. 
Joe watched Skylar in silence. He could see the genuine worry and care in her eyes. No matter how poor his impression of her was, he couldn’t deny her sincere concern toward Gloria at that instant. 
What Edgar had said earlier also reminded him now wasn’t a good time to annul the agreement. 
“I’m not hungry. I’ll wait here for Grandma to wake up.” Skylar went to sit on a nearby chair. Joe sat beside her. 
Fortunately, Gloria awoke not long after that. The pair immediately entered the ward. Upon seeing them, Gloria weakly grinned and asked, “Did I worry you guys?” 
“How are you feeling, Grandma? Do you want us to get the doctor here?” Skylar’s voice rang out like a gentle, pleasant bell chime. It was as if she were talking to a child. 
“Those doctors can’t do much for me. I’ve already woken up anyway, so what’s the point of calling them over? Don’t worry, Skye. I’m a tough cookie and can withstand a couple more years. 
“Oh, right! Did Joe take good care of you when you had a fever yesterday?” 
While Gloria voiced that question, her eyes had already darted toward Joe. It seemed like she wouldn’t let him off easy if she found out he hadn’t looked after Skylar well enough. 
A smog of worry hid deep in Joe’s eyes. His head snapped toward Skylar when he saw Gloria’s stern gaze. He didn’t know if Skylar would take the chance to rat on him. 
“He cared for me the entire time and even had the family doctor check on me. I recovered today, so I’m completely fine now. Don’t worry, Grandma. Right now, you’re our main focus,” Skylar assured warmly. 
Gloria’s once–stern gaze at Joe softened. In a few seconds, she returned to being a kind and friendly grandmother once more. “Joé did well. Those are all things he should be doing.” 
She looked toward Edgar just then. “Edgar, give me what I asked you to hold onto.” 
202 
Edgar fished out a jewelry box from his bag. 
“Give it to Skye.” Gloria motioned to Edgar to pass the box to Skylar, who accepted it. 
“I can’t stand that Joe hasn’t had time to buy you a ring. So, I bought this from an auction; I’d planned to give it to you as your wedding ring.” While saying that, Gloria even shot a stern glare at Joe. 
She seemed to be cross at him for making her worry over how he hadn’t bought Skylar a ring yet. 
Joe frowned. 
Skylar was a little surprised but didn’t open the jewelry box. “Grandma, this ring is too expensive. I can’t 
take it.” 
The ring was worth 100 million dollars. 
Skyle dared not accept it, nor did she have the right to. 
After all, she and Joe would get divorced tomorrow. She was too afraid to hold onto the ring, even if it was for one day. 
If it was damaged in any way, she wouldn’t be able to fork out 100 million dollars as compensation to Joe. 
“Skylar, a ring is merely an accessory, regardless of how expensive it is. How can it be more important than you? Please accept it. This ring is my blessing to you. Come on, dear, put it on for me to see.” Tender affection filled Gloria’s eyes as she looked at Skylar. 
###Chapter:39
Skylar found herself in a difficult position, and she brainstormed ways to refuse the ring. 
Joe spoke up just then. “Accept Grandma’s blessing. It’s indeed my fault for neglecting to buy you a wedding ring.” 
Skylar’s head whipped toward him, a tinge of surprise flickering in her striking eyes. Even her thick, long lashes tremored slightly. 
Joe’s vision settled on her eyes. He paused for a while before continuing. “Try it on for size.” 
“Okay,” Skylar answered. 
She had no reason to think of excuses anymore since both Gloria and Joe were already convincing her to keep the ring. 
Ultimately, she felt it was best not to disappoint Gloria now. She would return the ring to Joe in private sometime later. 
Upon opening the box, Skylar was surprised by the ring’s splendor. 
No wonder people called it “The Darling Goddess Ring“. Any woman would’ve dropped their jaw in sheer awe at that sight and immediately desired to own it. Skylar was no exception. 
Once the ring was on her finger, she felt like even her hand had become valuable. 
“It’s beautifull 
“It’s beautiful! Skye’s hand has always been pretty and dainty, but it looks even better with this ring!” Gloria praised. 
Joe’s gaze bore deeply and intensely at the flawless skin on Skylar’s slender fingers. The Darling Goddess Ring’s added luster gave her hand a more radiant charm. 
Gloria rolled her eyes at Joe. “Skye’s hands suit sparkly gemstones like this. You should buy a few more for her after this.” 
“There’s no need, Grandma. It’s inconvenient for me to wear rings when working, so it would only be a waste to buy me more.” Skylar spoke honestly. 
After all, she couldn’t wear any jewelry on her hands when restoring antiques. That included watches, too. 
Gloria chuckled. “Those sparkly jewelry pieces are meant to adorn your jewelry box. They’ll put you in a good mood whenever you see them. 
“Not only was I obsessed with diamonds when I was younger, but I also adored emeralds and various other gemstones. You should come with me to Pearlhall Residence once I get discharged. 
“You have such a lovely complexion that those gemstones will surely look good on you-” 
That was when Gloria recalled something. “Oh, right. Do you like researching antiques, Skye? Can you tell whether an antique is authentic or an Imitation?” 
Skylar nodded. “Yeah, I know a thing or two and can identify the authenticity of most antiques. Is there something you wish for me to examine, Grandma?” 
“Not me. I have an old friend who probably picked up the hobby of buying antiques because of their old age. However, they often buy fake’s by accident. 
“They want to organize their collection room and are looking for a trustworthy person to authenticate 
their items,” Gloria explained. 
Skylar answered, “Sure, Grandma. Feel free to take me along with you when you get discharged and wish 
to visit that friend.” 
She and Gloria chatted for a little longer, but the latter soon grew tired and fell asleep mid–chat. 
Seeing that Gloria had fallen into a deep slumber, Skylar left the ward with Joe. They felt safe leaving since Edgar and the doctors were around in the hospital to care for Gloria. 
They then headed to see Gloria’s attending physician to ask about her condition. 
Skylar and Joe said nothing on the way home to Galaxy Villa. Only a stern silence filled the car. 
It was only when Skylar was getting out of the car at Galaxy Villa that Joe called out to her. “Hang on.” 
Skylar sat back in her seat before shooting a confused look at Joe. 
She had to admit that he had an insanely attractive face. On top of that, he was born with an authoritative presence that made him appear superior to everyone else, 
She asked, “Is something the matter?” 
###Chapter:40
Joe’s expression was slightly tense, as though he was about to say something that made him 
uncomfortable. 
Skylar wasn’t in a rush to get out of the car since they had already arrived at Galaxy Villa. So, she waited 
in silence for Joe to speak. 
“I wasn’t thorough when looking into today’s matters and misunderstood you, I’m sorry.” Joe’s naturally cold tone felt jarringly unsuited for apologies. 
Skylar was upset that Joe had misunderstood her and thought that she was still in a messy relationship with Christopher. However, her anger diminished once she heard his apology. 
She replied, “It’s okay. We can still request to begin the divorce procedure tomorrow at the courthouse. We’ll receive our official divorce decree after the mandatory cooling–off period. 
“Even if we’re divorced, we can keep our pretense in front of Grandma. I’ll continue to take care of her 
regularly.” 
Skylar believed she could think of a solution that gave the best of both worlds for the situation. 
Joe frowned. “Grandma will know immediately after we file for divorce at the courthouse. So, let’s stick 
with the agreement and only divorce after three years.” 
Skylar blinked and cocked a brow at Joe. 
She asked mockingly, “Aren’t you afraid I’ll end up coveting you and Martin Group? What if you accidentally fall deeply in love with me? What will we do if you only want to be with me and refuse to get 
a divorce by then?” 
Did Joe seriously think she was an easygoing person without a temper? Although she had accepted his apology, it didn’t mean he could just end the agreement or continue it as he pleased. 
Did he think she couldn’t tell he was wary a thief? Was he that afraid of her potentially 
of her, like she was 
stealing his heart? 
Joe’s charming face creased awkwardly. “Me falling for you is impossible. Don’t worry. You’ll get your 10 
million dollars–not a cent less–on the day our agreement ends.” 
Skylar shrugged. “I’ll let this slide for Grandma’s sake. That said, I will end the agreement right away if you 
slander me over a photo without finding out the truth again.” 
Joe’s expression darkened. “Sure.” 
After ending that discussion, two got out of the car and headed into the villa, one after the other. 
Skylar was a little hungry since she hadn’t bothered eating dinner earlier. 
So, she went into the kitchen while politely asking Joe, “I’m going to make dinner since I’m hungry. Do you 
want me to make some for 
you too?” 
7212 
Joe froze halfway up the stairs. His dark gaze snapped toward Skylar, whose eyes locked with his in surprise. Joe speedily looked away as he responded, “Sure, I’ll have some dinner. Thanks.” 
“Be downstairs in half an hour, then.” Skylar took her eyes off him and secretly sighed in her heart because of Joe’s insanely good looks. 
He gave off an air of superiority while being the attractive but unapproachable type. Moreover, he was 
decisive when making big decisions in the business industry. So, he had the domineering and stern presence of an influential businessman, 
In short, he was the type of man most women liked. 
Alas, Skylar found him a tad too egotistical. She mentally complained about him but didn’t let it distract her from digging through the fridge for ingredients. 
She eventually found some tomatoes, chicken broth, simple seasoning ingredients, and cheese. There wasn’t any handmade or pre–packed pasta, but she did find some bread. 
Skylar decided to make tomato soup with croutons in it. Drinking some warm soup at this hour could soothe their stomachs and wouldn’t cause any gastric issues. 
She had watched Janine cook since she had been a child and had often helped Janine from the side. 
Now that she was older, she had seen enough and naturally knew how to cook. Her cooking skills were 
also almost as good as Janine’s. 
Half an hour later, Joe came downstairs and caught a whiff of a tantalizing aroma. 
He went to the kitchen, where he saw Skylar scooping two bowls of soup from a pot with some lumps 
inside. That confused him. 
Joe could’ve sworn he’d seen the food she’d made several days ago, and it had looked delicious. He wondered if Skylar had overcooked the noodles, causing them to break and become lumpy in the soup 
now. 
“There’s another bowl for you. If it’s not enough, you can get more from the pot,” Skylar kindly y said when she saw him looking at the bowls in a daze. 
“Did you overcook the noodles until they were lumpy?” Joe voiced the question in his heart. 
###Chapter:41
Skylar broke out in laughter. “It’s tomato soup with croutons.” 
Judging from Joe’s reaction, he probably hadn’t had such a simple meal before. Then again, that made 
sense since people would cook and offer Joe all of the delicacies in the world if he wanted to eat. 
“Croutons?” Joe wondered out loud as he set his bowl on the dining table. 
He hadn’t tried it yet because the soup was still hot. Plus, he was picky with food and somewhat reluctant to put such mushy food into his mouth. 
Meanwhile, Skylar ate spoonfuls after spoonfuls of it. The simple ingredients didn’t stop the soup from tasting good. 
Joe eventually picked up his spoon after seeing Skylar eat several mouthfuls in a row. With a reluctant frown, he took the tiniest sip. Then, he ate another spoonful and another. 
It wasn’t long before he headed to the kitchen and came out with another bowl of soup. 
Skylar had always had a small appetite. So, she felt full after one bowl. She got up to grab her bag and take out the jewelry box with the ring Gloria had given her at the hospital earlier. 
While placing it before Joe, she said, “You should hold on to it.” 
Although the ring was so gorgeous that she wanted to keep it, she knew it didn’t belong to her. It was meant for the woman Joe would make his actual wife. 
Joe looked at the jewelry box Skylar handed him. Suddenly, he pictured the scene when she’d worn the ring earlier. 
He thought that Skylar’s hand was a rare and beautiful sight because it resembled a sculpture. 
She had slender, yet barely wrinkled, fingers. Skylar kept her nails trimmed in a simple shape without a manicure, but it made her nails seem pretty and clean. 
Joe felt that Skylar seemed to be the only person worthy of wearing that ring. 
“Grandma gave it to you as a gift. It’s yours,” he stated, 
“It’s too much. Grandma only gave it to me because she thinks we’re actually married. The person she wants to give this ring to is her real granddaughter–in–law, not me.” 
Skylar felt her willpower had increased since she could now refuse a 100–million–dollar ring. 
Joe looked up at Skylar. “Grandma intended it for you. She wouldn’t have given it to anyone else, so keep 
it.” 
“Alright, I’ll keep it for now.” Skylar kept the ring since Joe had said so. She figured she could return it someday when he regretted his decision. 
Early the next day, Skylar rushed to the hospital. 
She left at 6:00 am when Joe was unlikely to be awake. So, she texted him that she’d be heading out. 
There were few people at the hospital when she arrived at 7:00 am. Then again, it was a private hospital, so it wasn’t usually crowded with patients anyway. 
Gloria was eating breakfast when Skylar made it to the hospital. Her complexion had improved significantly compared to the night before. 
Skylar chatted with Gloria for around an hour before leaving the hospital and heading toward the antique street. While she was on the way there, Joe replied to her text with one word: “Noted.” 
She didn’t pay it much mind. 
When she was about to arrive at the antique street, she received a call from Charles. 
He asked, “Skye, have you seen what Christopher posted on his social media account?” 
“I’m currently driving and can’t look at my phone. What is it, Charles?” 
Charles was so upset that he clenched his jaw. “I’m livid! I thought Steven said you broke Christopher. Does Christopher have a death wish? 
up with 
“I would’ve marched up to teach him a lesson if I didn’t need to fill in for the male lead for a few scenes today!” 
“Don’t waste your energy on a jerk,” Skylar commented. “Let me pull over somewhere and see what he posted.” 
###Chapter:42
Skylar parked along the road. Then, she hastily opened Instagram on her phone and checked her main feed. 
The latest post was Caleb’s. It was a selfie of him pretending to look cool while taking the bus to work. 
After that, she saw Christopher’s post. He had uploaded three pictures with her. 
There was one picture each from his high school and college days. The last one was a picture they had taken long before the period Skylar had been reborn. 
Anyone would think the two were an affectionate couple after seeing those pictures. 
As Skylar looked at them now, she only found them jarring. She even wondered why she couldn’t have gone back to when she was in high school instead. 
If that had happened, she could’ve avoided having any relationship with Christopher altogether. 
She looked at the caption under the pictures and was shocked. Christopher had written a long paragraph about their deep feelings for each other. 
He had even said he wanted to spend the rest of his life with her! 
Moreover, he’d asked his friends on social media to serve as witnesses for his proclamation. He wrote, God may punish me however severely if I ever cheat on Skylar.” 
Finally, he announced his plan to propose to Skylar and hoped they could start a happy family. 
Christopher and Skylar had many mutual acquaintances and friends from high school. Because of that, many likes and congratulations overflowed his post. 
Skylar was still on the phone with Charles at that point. 
Charles estimated that Skylar had already finished reading Christopher’s scummy post. 
“You’re done looking at it, right, Skye? Don’t you think he’s mentally deranged? Steven agrees with me that he’s always been odd. It’s like he was always peacocking. He’s truly a scumbag!” 
“I’ll resolve this matter and make a post clarifying that he and I have broken up. By the at work going well these days, Charles?” Skylar spoke calmly. 
way, is everything 
She had already seen Christopher’s rotten side. So, risking her relationship with her social media friends. wasn’t a big deal. 
“Don’t worry about me. I’ve gotten to act out scenes with lines these past two days. I even get to stand in for the male lead today! So, rest easy. I’ll work hard, and maybe someday I can bring home the best male lead award!” Charles guffawed while speaking. 
Reality could be cruel, but Charles believed one should still dare to dream. After all, there was no telling if one’s dreams could come true someday. 
Skylar knew Charles had always been optimistic, so she praised him generously. “You’ve always had great acting skills! You’re better than any of the male actors I’ve seen!” 
Charles burst out laughing after being showered with Skylar’s compliments. 
After the siblings ended their call, Skylar posted on her social media. 
That sa 
said, she feared Gloria would worry after reading what she had posted. So, she made it so that Gloria and Edgar were the only ones who couldn’t see her post. 
Skylar’s post contained a picture of Christopher and Maisy hugging intimately. 
The caption read, “Wishing nothing but eternal happiness for this bitch and dickhead. I’d also like to make 
a formal announcement that that scummy Christopher and I broke up on the 30th of last month.” 
Once she posted it, her phone kept chiming due to the influx of Instagram notifications.. 
Skylar didn’t pay them any mind since she was rushing to the antique street. 
Soon, Skylar arrived at Daniel’s store. That was when she noticed Daniel and Caleb staring at her with concerned expressions. 
“U–Um, Skye, how about you take the day off? Restoring antiques takes a long time anyway. It won’t matter if you rest for one or two days,” Daniel cautiously suggested. 
Caleb was usually carefree and didn’t take things too seriously. Yet, even he seemed more cautious at that moment. 
“Hey, how about I give you a ride on my motorcycle? It’s pretty thrilling, and you’ll definitely forget about that son of a bitch!” 
Skylar chuckled. “I’m fine.” 
“Really?” the men asked simultaneously. 
“I wouldn’t have posted to my social media if I was unhappy.” 
That’s great!” the two 
replied. 
Skylar looked at the men, feeling a warm sensation in her chest. “I’ll go and wash my hands before starting the restoration work.” 
While she did so, Daniel and Caleb exchanged words in hushed voices. 
###Chapter:43
“I have dating experience, and I know that the calmer someone looks, the more miserable they feel deep down,” said Caleb. 
“I used to think youngsters make no sense whenever I heard you talk back then. But now it feels like 
you’re making a little sense. You’d better watch out these next few days and not bother Skye. You hear 
me?” Daniel stated. 
Caleb rolled his eyes at Daniel. “It’s trendy for women to date younger guys now. I happen to be the type of pretty boy that ladies older than me tend to like. Who knows? Maybe Skylar might fall for it right away.” 
“Get out of here!” 
Paul brought a phone and a packed document into Martin Group’s CEO’s office. “Mr. Martin. Have you checked your phone and seen Ms. Sullivan’s social media post?” 
Joe looked up, his frosty gaze settling on Paul. “It’s working hours now.” 
“Yes, I know, Mr. Martin. However, I’ve finally found out what the relationship between Ms. Sullivan and 
Christopher is. Also, you really should check out Ms. Sullivan’s post, Paul urged. 
He felt Joe’s fierce gaze was lethal enough to stab someone to death. Even he felt a slight jolt of fear 
upon seeing it. 
Joe picked up his phone, which he had set aside. He opened Instagram and began scrolling through his feed. His brows knitted into a deep V once he saw Skylar’s post. 
All the warmth vanished from his face, leaving behind a grim expression. 
“It seems Ms. Sullivan has really broken up with Christopher. The private Investigator discovered that she 
had gone to the police station, and she had also hired a lawyer. 
“Apparently, Christopher swindled some money from her. The police even went to Christopher’s 
workplace. 
“I doubt Ms. Sullivan’s latching onto her complicated relationship with him. It’s more like this Christopher guy’s a two–timing, greedy scumbag,” Paul analyzed the situation. 
He clicked on a screenshot from his chat with the private investigator. Then, he showed it to Joe. “Ms. 
Sullivan’s incredible. She immediately posted a statement on her social media to clarify the situation.” 
A frown marred Joe’s face again as he looked at the phrase “30th of the last month” on the phone screen. That was the day he and Skylar had registered their marriage. 
Paul was confounded when Joe didn’t respond. He asked, “Mr. Martin?” 
“Reorganize my schedule for today. I’m going to the hospital at 3:00 pm.” Joe tossed his phone aside again. It was as though he couldn’t care less about whether Skylar had broken up with Christopher. 
Paul couldn’t comprehend what Joe was thinking, so he scurried off to sort out Joe’s schedule. 
212 
While Skylar was paying close attention to restoring an antique, the Williams family had descended into 
chaos. 
“What is the meaning of this, Maisy?” Sadie clutched her phone so hard that her fingers trembled. She couldn’t believe Maisy had been seeing Skylar’s boyfriend in secret. 
Kenny and his younger brothers, Samuel Williams and Peter Williams, happened to return to Williams Residence that day. They were the three Williams family sons, with Kenny being the oldest and Samuel being the youngest. 
The three had checked their social media on the way home. 
They had never cared much for their biological sister, Skylar. After all, they had grown up in a different household from her, so they weren’t close with her. 
In their hearts, Skylar would never matter as much to them as Maisy did. 
However, that didn’t mean they wouldn’t be upset at Maisy after seeing what she had done. 
It was fortunate that Jeffrey had gone to Williams Group at this time. Otherwise, the atmosphere at home would have been worse. 
Maisy’s fingers wound tightly around her phone. She desperately wanted to rip Skylar’s hair out for calling her a bitch. 
Although she felt utterly enraged, she had no choice but to put on a pitiful act. 
With teary eyes, she said, “That’s photoshopped. Skylar did it on purpose to drag my reputation through. the mud!” 
###Chapter:44
“Photoshopped?” the group uttered simultaneously. 
“Yeah! Why would I steal Skylar’s boyfriend? I don’t get it. Why would she do this to me? Tears trickled from Maisy’s eyes as she put on a distressed act. 
The three Williams brothers adored Maisy to bits. So, they immediately found Skylar despicable when Maisy told them that. 
“I’m going to Skylar, I’ll make her post an official social media statement to clear the air right now,” Peter 
snarled. 
Kenny’s features contorted into a repulsed expression. “She’s grown bolder these days and is behaving more out of line!” 
“We should force her to come home so she can properly apologize to Maisy!” Samuel chimed in with a 
scowl. 
Sadie listened to her sons‘ words before examining the photo on her phone again. It looked too real to be photoshopped. Yet, she believed Maisy would never lie, so Skylar had to be the one lying here. 
Even after taking a deep breath, she still felt furious. “That brat is full of problems!” 
Maisy kept crying and didn’t say anything more. She knew her family well. The less she spoke, the more pitiful she’d appear in their eyes, and they’d believe Skylar was at fault. 
At the same time, Maisy wondered if Christopher had lost his mind. 
Why would he post about proposing on social media this early in the day? Not only that, but it seemed odd that Skylar had been determined to clarify that they were no longer dating. 
Maisy wondered when exactly Skylar had found out about her and Christopher’s affair. She could’ve sworn they had hidden it well. 
Peter called Skylar several times, but the latter didn’t answer. “She’s got some nerve to ignore my calls!” 
“She’s not answering mine either!” Kenny seethed. 
“Let me try.” Samuel took his phone and tried calling Skylar. Alas, the latter st 
The Williams brothers’s faces darkened. 
didn’t answer. 
Skylar had been trying to win over their affection since her reunion with the Williams family. Yet, she was 
ignoring their calls now. 
Sadie didn’t bother trying since the trio’s attempts led to the same result. She didn’t know why Skylar was throwing this tantrumn and ignoring them now. 
The entire family fell silent. 
Eventually, Samuel spoke up with a frown. “We must find her today. If she doesn’t clear up the lies, people. 
will surely expose this scandal to the media if they recognize Maisy from the photo!” 
He worked in the entertainment industry. So, he knew how quickly news could spread through online platforms and the media. 
There was n 
no telling whether someone had already taken screenshots of the posts and turned them into 
videos on other platforms.. 
The Williams family was considered a reputable family in Jipsburg City. They couldn’t risk being involved 
in scandals. 
Maisy hadn’t thought that far. Her eyes widened at Samuel. “That photo is fake, Samuel! I don’t want to get exposed by the media!” 
“Let’s see what happens for now, then try to contact Skylar again. We must be ready for the worst scenario. I’ll also contact my friends in the media industry first for some PR control. Don’t worry, Maisy.” Samuel said. Then, he turned to call his friends. 
Maisy nodded obediently, but as she lowered her head, there was a malicious gleam in her eyes. After all, she knew the photo wasn’t photoshopped. 
The Williamses had taken her side. Plus, Samuel’s friends owned media companies, and the Williams family had many social connections in Jipsburg City. 
Maisy could easily twist the narrative, and there was nothing Skylar could do about it. 
Sadie took the chance to call Jeffrey. However, the latter seemed to be exasperated and busy with something else. He only said he’d let his sons handle the matter. 
When the call ended, Sadie felt oddly defeated in her heart. It was an indescribable sensation. Still, she told herself it was likely because Skylar had pissed her off too much. 
###Chapter:45
Christopher only learned about Skylar’s post because Maisy had texted him. 
He hadn’t noticed that Skylar had posted at first because he’d assumed she was still upset at him. So, he only realized he was doomed when he saw the photo she’d posted. 
She had found out about him and Maisy! 
Christopher felt an unprecedented fear looming in his chest. If Skylar had posted it to her social media, it meant that she was determined to cut ties with him for good. 
He had always thought that he’d never liked Skylar that much. Yet, at that moment, he realized how much he couldn’t accept her breaking up with him. 
After restoring antiques for an entire afternoon, Skylar washed her hands and left the workspace to grab lunch. She only reached for her phone after finishing her meal. 
First, she returned Janine’s, Steven’s, and Charles‘ phone calls and told them not to worry. 
That was when she noticed her best friend, Natalie Jakeman, had sent her several messages. 
Natalie had been Skylar’s coursemate from college, so they were close friends. However, Natalie had gotten married after graduating. She had been a devoted housewife to her husband for the past six 
months. 
Skylar returned Natalie’s call. 
The phone briefly rang before Natalie answered. “What on earth is going on, Skye?” she asked. 
Skylar didn’t give too many details. She merely relayed how Christopher had cheated on her with Maisy. 
Natalie knew who Maisy was. In Skylar’s previous life, Natalie hadn’t in Jipsburg City when Skylar had gotten into trouble. 
When Natalie had returned and tried to visit Skylar, she’d learned that the Williams family had turned 
Skylar away. 
“Way to go, Skye! Great job breaking up with him! He never gave me a good impression. Say, I’ll introduce you to some guys one of these days. I bet they’ll definitely be miles better than him!” Natalie assured her. 
She knew Skylar best, so she could tell Skylar was in a good state after hearing the latter’s voice on the call. 
It impressed her that Skylar could let go of the relationship when it was necessary. It was just as she had expected of her best friend. 
Skylar ended the call after exchanging a few more words with Natalle. Then, she checked on the other unariswered calls. 
27 
Samuel had called her several times. Christopher and Amelia had also tried calling her. Even Skylar’s high. school friends had reached out on social media to ask what was going on. 
Skylar didn’t answer any of them, nor did she think it was necessary to respond. 
She didn’t think those people genuinely cared about her, save for her family and Natalie. Many only texted her because they were eager to watch the drama unfold. 
After being silent for a few seconds, Skylar returned Samuel’s calls. 
The latter was quick to answer. “Skye, delete your post at once. I want you to post a new update, saying you were having a bad day and only posted that photoshopped picture because you were emotional. I also expect you to apologize to Maisy in your update.” 
Samuel sounded stern. It was as if he was ordering Skylar to do it. 
“Who told you the picture was photoshopped?” Skylar sneered. 
She had spent her past life trying hard to please the three Williams brothers, just like she’d tried to win over Sadie. Alas, her sincere efforts had been a waste in the end. 
She wondered if the Williamses were all lunatics for bossing her around a lot. 
“It’s not photoshopped? Does that mean it’s real? Why would Maisy get with your boyfriend? It’s fine if you’re jealous, but you shouldn’t cross the line! 
“Your boyfriend’s poor and only has good looks to make up for it! Maisy would never be interested in him!” Samuel glanced at Maisy, whose eyes were on him. 
He hinted for her not to panic. He refused to believe Skylar, no matter how she tried to explain things. 
Kenny reached out, asking Samuel to pass him the phone, which he did… 
“You were being too brash and acted without any consideration today! How dare you slander Maisy with a randomly photoshopped picture? 
“Do you seriously think we’d believe you when you and Christopher previously lived together but later got into a big fight over money? If you don’t want to make things bigger and uglier, I suggest you do as Samuel says now!” he barked. 
“You 
and your family are lunatics. I don’t care if you guys believe me, but is Maisy not feeling guilty about her actions? 
“Well, I was just thinking about how I hadn’t made a big enough deal. Go ahead and call the police, then. It’ll save me the time of having to do it.” Skylar seethed. 
###Chapter:46
Skylar had just said that when she heard Kenny inhaling deeply out of anger. 
Kenny thundered, “Say that again!” 
Skylar cocked one of her well–filled brows and flashed a half–smile. “You’re not that old, yet it seems 
you’ve got a lot of health issues. I suggest you do a check–up at the hospital since your ears and brain aren’t functioning like normal.” 
She cut the call short, ending it after that. No good words would come from a scoundrel, so Kenny would. 
surely have nothing good to say at that point. 
Although the phone call left her feeling significantly satisfied, she still felt a dull ache in her chest. After all, they were people she had once eagerly wanted to get along with. 
She soon snapped out of it. She clicked her tongue upon thinking about how blind to the truth she used to 
be 
Kenny gritted his teeth upon seeing that Skylar had hung up on him. His charming face was contorted into 
a hideous frown. 
“What did she say? Was she still being stubborn? Does she not think about the consequences when doing things? How can I have such a vile young sister?” Samuel’s features had darkened like a storm. 
“So, she’s not going to delete her post or apologize to me, huh? Maisy bit down on her red lower lip. She 
wondered who had given Skylar the boost of courage to cause her such trouble. 
“What on earth did she say?” Sadie asked Kenny. 
*She firmly held her ground and refused to delete her post. She even insulted me,” Kenny snarled through gritted teeth. 
“Skylar won’t listen to what’s good for her and is ignoring our instructions. Since that’s the case, we have 
to do PR damage control if this matter trends in the media. 
“That way, she’ll be the humiliated one in the end! We can’t let Malsy become the target of online hate!” Samuel decided without giving it any thought. 
Maisy pouted 
pouted and murmured, “Thanks, Samuel.” 
Peter, who’d barely said a word, frowned. “Skylar doesn’t seem like she’d be that stupid. Let’s check her social media first. Maybe she’s only being arrogant for now but will delete it later.” 
They checked Skylar’s Instagram account several times in the next 30 minutes, but nothing had changed. Skylar hadn’t deleted the post. 
By then, the terms “the other woman” and “cheater” were trending online. 
The topic had even blown up on TikTok. Almost everyone who used the app in Jipsburg City could see 
screenshots of Skylar’s post. 
Maisy’s phone kept ringing from a barrage of incoming calls and texts. 
People kept asking why she had become the other woman in someone else’s relationship. They had looked into Christopher and knew he was only a clerk for a small company. Everyone couldn’t understand why she’d be interested in a mere clerk. 
“What? Why is everyone believing in this lie?” Maisy whined to the Williamses. 
Several alerts rang out from Sadie’s phone, too. Everyone who reached out to her also asked about the 
affair. 
With a deep breath, she turned to her three sons and said, “Resolve this matter at once! Make everyone know Skylar photoshopped that picture!” 
“Got it,” they replied. 
Maisy clutched her phone as she hung her head low, a murderous rage flickering in her eyes. 
She cursed in her heart, “You’re asking for it, Skylar! I’m going to make you the most hated person in Jipsburg! Everyone’s going to avoid you like the plague!” 
Then, she clicked on Christopher’s WhatsApp contact and texted him. 
Caleb only dared to approach Skylar with his phone in the afternoon when she finished her work. “Skylar, look! People screenshotted your post. They reposted it on TikTok and even on Facebook!” 
Skylar glanced at his phone. She had been mentally prepared for the incident to become widespread. 
After all, many of her followers were classmates from Jipsburg City. Most of them would likely recognize 
Maisy. 
Still, she was surprised that the news had spread this quickly. 
“That cheater and his other woman deserve to be insulted! They did this to themselves!” Caleb expressed his support for Skylar. 
He figured Christopher wouldn’t have the nerve to latch onto Skylar since his dirty deeds had been exposed now. 
###Chapter:47
“Serves them right indeed. Why are you still here?” Skylar asked. 
Logically speaking. Caleb should have gotten off work an hour ago. He scratched his head. “I was just afraid that you’d be feeling down over a jerk.” 
“He’s not worth it. Just go. I still have to make a hospital visit.” Skylar picked up her bag and started walking outside. 
Caleb followed her immediately. “Are you sure you’re okay, Skylar?” 
“Of course.” 
In the car, Joe was going through his to–do list in his notebook. 
He had been supposed to work overtime. But, with Gloria being in the hospital, he could only finish off his remaining work on the way. 
While Paul was working, he suddenly received a notification of a video on Instagram. He tapped on it. The first thing he saw was Skylar’s post from this morning. 
That wasn’t the main point. The more important thing was Maisy’s Facebook post. 
It contained a screenshot of a legal letter and a verbal statement by Maisy, claiming that the photograph was photoshopped. 
Williams Group had also reshared this post. 
He opened Facebook promptly. The tables had turned in such a short period of time. They were all targeting Skylar! They had even exposed her photo. 
He looked at the post in shock. He blurted, “Isn’t Ms. Sullivan Jeffrey’s biological daughter? Who in the world are her parents? Or, is this Maisy their biological daughter?” 
Joe, who had been focused on his work, looked up and glanced over at Paul. 
Immediately, Paul informed him of all that had happened. 
In the end, he came to a conclusion. “Ms. Sullivan won’t be able to deal with the Williams family’s professional PR team on her own, let alone their legal team.” 
Joe checked the legal letter that the Williams family had sent out. He also looked through the various 
screenshots. 
The deep, cold gaze in his eyes was enough to send chills down one’s spine. Even though Paul worked closely with Joe, it still made him afraid. 
“Gather proof of Christopher and Maisy being together, and hand them all to me.” 
“Uh, sure. I’ll work on it now.” 
Skylar received a call from Janine when she was nearing the hospital. 
“Where are you now, Skye? Shall I go and keep you company? Or you can come home. Your brothers are back, too. Harvey is staying at the dorm these two days, It’ll make you feel better to be with family at a 
time like this.” 
Janine’s voice was gentle, especially when she spoke with her most beloved daughter. 
“I’m on my way to the hospital to visit Grandma Gloria. It will be late by the time I get home. Go ahead and have dinner without me. Don’t wait for me. 
“Also, Mom, I’m guessing that all of you have seen the news on the internet. Don’t worry; it’s nothing.” Skylar had figured out the reason for Janine’s call. 
Janine let out a sigh of relief. “Okay. We’ll wait for you to come home.” 
Meanwhile, at Yancey Residence, Steven and Charles were looking at their phones. They watched as the trending topic rose on the charts. 
Charles took a quick glance at Janine, who was busy in the kitchen. He frowned and said to Steven, “They hired a professional PR team, Steven.” 
Steven’s expression was dark. “Stay calm. I’ve asked a few friends. They’re discussing a solution.” 
Charles nodded. 
This wouldn’t be resolved so easily. The truth was that Christopher was the one who’d cheated. Event though they were aware of that, the people online wouldn’t believe that was the case. 
The Williamses‘ PR team and their counterattack had been too prompt. They had probably prepared their PR statement as soon as Skylar had made her post. 
“They don’t deserve to be Skye’s parents. What parent would treat their own daughter like that? Skye must be feeling miserable now,” Charles commented angrily. 
Right at that moment, Steven received a message. It was from a group that he and a few of his friends had set up together. 
To his surprise, the solution they had come up with was for Skylar to apologize and minimize the loss on 
her end! 
###Chapter:48
Charles realized that something was wrong when he saw Steven’s face drop. “What did they say, Steven?” 
“They said that their best suggestion is for Skye to apologize. The PR team that the Williams family hired is well–known in Jipsburg City. 
They’re even capable of turning a right into a wrong. No matter what the truth is, they will ruin Skye’s reputation.” The look on Steven’s face was exceptionally grim 
Charles knew that what Steven said was true. Although his rank in the entertainment industry was the 
lowest, he was well aware of how deep the waters could be. 
What one sees might not be the truth. It all depended on whether they had enough funds and connections. 
He couldn’t believe that their beloved sister was being tormented like that. Now, people were even 
slandering her. He felt really miserable. 
If only they were the ones being oppressed instead of Skylar. 
“Let’s think of something else. It hurts me to think about how unfair this is to Skye.” Charles knitted his brows tightly together.. 
Steven pressed his lips tensely. He looked at Charles and said, “The fact that my friends said that means that there’s no other way other than to admit that she was wrong, unless we can hire Martin Group’s PR 
team.” 
Charles looked even more upset at the mention of Martin Group’s public relations team. 
How would that be possible? That was a tall order! 
On the way to the hospital, Skylar stopped by a florist’s and bought a bouquet of flowers. 
When she arrived at the ward with the flowers in her hands, Gloria was having a chat with an elderly man. 
When Gloria saw that Skylar had come, she introduced her to the man excitedly. “This is the granddaughter–in–law whom I mentioned earlier. She’s pretty, isn’t she? She has an outstanding personality, too. Joe was too blessed. 
“Oh, you brought flowers? Are they heavy? Over these two days, I’ve been feeling like the hospital room is too plain. Having them in my room will lift my spirits.” 
“This is George Querbach. He’s the friend I told you about yesterday. I wanted you to go and see his antique collection.” 
Skylar went forward. She greeted George politely, “Nice to meet you, Mr. Querbach.” 
“You’ve always been a good judge of character. She looks like a pleasant person.” George chuckled. 
Skylar felt a sense of familiarity with George–she had seen him on the news in the past. On the news, 
she’d seen him as a stern–looking person, so much so that she hadn’t dared to look at him for too long. 
However, the person in front of her was friendly and kind. He didn’t have any air of overbearance around 
him. Instead, he was very approachable. 
Skylar kept a tender smile on her face as she placed the flowers in a vase. 
“After I’m discharged two days later, I’ll take Skye to your place,” Gloria said. 
George nodded. He looked at Skylar with a friendly gaze. “Let me know if you see anything you like. I will give it to you.” 
“George has a lot of things. You don’t have to feel shy. Just tell me if you see anything of your liking, and I’ll have George give it to you,” Gloria added. 
It was obvious that Gloria and George were long–time friends who could have casual chats together. 
Skylar looked at them. She smiled and nodded. “Thank you, Mr. Querbach.” 
“You can skip the formalities with George. He used to love hanging out with Viola.” Gloria loved to reminisce about the past, perhaps due to her age. 
The events that had happened when she was young felt like just yesterday to her. 
Who would have thought that this life was so short? In the blink of an eye, she had already aged. 
George smiled and fixed his eyes on Gloria as she spoke. It was as if there was a teary twinkle in his eyes just for a moment when he heard Viola’s name.. 
Then, with a neutral expression on his face, he said, “In my entire life, I’ve never really feared anyone but 
her.” 
###Chapter:49
“What’s there to be afraid of? Viola is just soft–hearted. She gave so much of herself for our sake. I just hope that she can truly be happy 
“She did say that she was really happy that Skye was there to keep her company throughout those years. in the countryside,” Gloria replied. 
Skylar’s eyes welled up with tears when she heard Gloria and George mention Viola. She really missed her. 
To her, she was closer to Viola than she had been to her grandmother in the countryside. 
Viola had rarely talked about the past. Skylar had never asked about it either. Oftentimes, Viola would space out for an entire day while looking at the mountains in the distance. 
Back then, Skylar used to think that Viola was very lonely. She had wanted to keep Viola company so that she knew that she had family. 
“Has Viola ever mentioned me, Skye?” George’s question came out of the blue. There was a clear sense of anticipation in his teary eyes. 
Skylar shook her head. She answered honestly, “Grandma Viola rarely talked about her past. She said that some people will keep some of their stories hidden in their hearts. All is fine as long as they never forget.” 
George was taken aback. Then, he nodded absentmindedly. “That’s right. Everything will be fine as long as they never forget.” 
Gloria’s eyes 
had also turned a little red. “She’s indeed able to see through things so clearly.” 
Following that, Gloria and George never brought up Viola’s name again, 
George left after a short chat. When he left, he invited Skylar to go to his place when she had the time so that she could keep him company. 
Gloria shot George a look, signaling to him not to steal Skylar away from her. Skylar couldn’t laugh when she saw how both of them were bickering like little children. 
‘t help but 
When Joe entered the ward, he saw both Skylar and Gloria grinning from ear to ear. 
There was a cozy atmosphere in the room. 
Joe paused when he caught sight of the smile on Skylar’s face Then, he looked toward Gloria and said, Hi, Grandma.” 
Gloria now favored Skylar and looked down upon him. 
To her, Skylar was a delicate person. That made her feel closer to Skylar and made her want to protect Skylar with all her heart. 
Joe, on the contrary, had become more complicated as he’d gotten older. He rarely smiled and always. had a frigid expression on his face. Gloria harrumphed. 
) 
Joe had clearly felt her dislike for him. However, he was already used to it and showed no change in his 
expression. 
“Skye has been chatting with me and George for a long while. I’m sure she’s thirsty. Get some water and peel an apple for her,” Gloria said to Joe. 
Joe raised a brow. She wanted him to peel an apple for Skylar? 
“I’ve had some water, Grandma. I’m not thirsty, and I can’t stomach an apple right now. I’ll peel it myself when I feel like eating it.” Skylar refused promptly. 
She didn’t have the guts to have Joe peel an apple for her. They weren’t that close either. 
Joe was about to reach out for an apple when he heard Skylar’s words. He lowered his hand again. 
Coincidentally, their eyes met. Just as they were about to look away, they had the sudden feeling that Gloria was looking at them fiercely, as if she had sensed something. 
So, they ended up staring at one another awkwardly. 
They had to keep their relationship hidden in front of other people. But, in front of Gloria, they had to be an actual married couple. They had to make sure that they kept the truth under wraps. 
There was something about the way they looked at each other. Gloria’s heart raced. 
This strange feeling reminded her of the couples in dating variety shows. A glance like this was usually how the couples started to fall for one another. 
###Chapter:50
This was a good sign. It was. 
Gloria felt pleased. She looked at Skylar and Joe and said, “Edgar sent dinner for me. If you both don’t mind that the food may be bland, would you like to stay for dinner?” 
“Sure,” Skylar agreed immediately. 
Joe nodded slightly. Normally, he wouldn’t say anything when it wasn’t necessary to do so. 
Gloria looked at Joe and harrumphed. “I know that there’s a generation gap between the both of us. It’s okay if you don’t have much to say to me, but don’t be the same when you’re alone with Skye.” 
She wouldn’t forgive him if he scared Skylar away! 
Joe was speechless. 
It was clear to him that Gloria was even more annoyed at him today. He hadn’t done anything wrong from the time he entered the ward until now, had he? 
One hour later, Joe and Skylar came out of the hospital. It was 7:00 pm: The sky was starting to turn dark, and the street lights had been lit. 
Skylar read the message that Steven sent her. She sent a reply saying that she would be home soon. 
Then, she looked at Joe, who was beside her. “Mr. Martin, I won’t be going back to Galaxy Villa for now. I 
have to go back to my mom’s place.” 
The look in Joe’s eyes was deep. He noticed that Skylar wasn’t showing any sign of anxiety. 
When they’d been with Gloria earlier, she hadn’t seemed to be panicking or feeling miserable over being slandered. It was as if nothing had happened. 
He pursed his lips slightly. 
“Have you seen the trending topic on the internet?” he asked. 
Skylar was stunned. She figured that he had found out. So, she nodded and replied, “Yeah, I’ve seen it. I also know what the Williamses plan to do to me. I will think of a solution.” 
Joe was about to respond when Skylar’s phone rang. 
She glanced at her phone. She bid Joe goodbye before answering the call as she walked toward the 
parking lot. 
“Hey, Charles. I just left the Hospital. It’s not far from home, so I’ll be back real soon. Yeah, don’t worry… 
Joe’s eyes deepened as he watched Skylar walk further away from him. 
Paul walked over to him from a short distance away. A man in a suit, who looked like he was in his mid- 
30s, followed behind him. 
When Paul reached Joe, he looked around. “Where’s Ms. Sullivan, Mr. Martin?” 
The other man, Jacky Lourdes, also greeted Joe. “Hi, Mr. Martin.” 
Joe’s face was cold. “She just left.” 
“What?” Paul was surprised. 
Things were getting fierce on the internet. The Williamses had never considered whether Skylar would be 
forced to stay in hiding. 
Their public relations efforts were flawless. Would Skylar be hurt by everything the Williams family was 
doing? 
“I’ll hurry on to look for Ms. Sullivan then. I’ll keep watch over her so that she doesn’t do anything stupid!” Paul took out his phone and started looking for Skylar’s number. 
There were too many trolls on the internet these days. There were many who ended up attempting suicide or getting depressed thanks to them. He wanted to dissuade Skylar from all those things. 
“She won’t do anything stupid,” Joe said in a deep voice. 
Then, he looked toward Jacky, who was dressed in his neat suit. “How soon will you be able to resolve 
this?” 
“I can resolve it within an hour as long as I have your permission, Mr. Martin. I have liaised with the PR team. Sarah Nielson has started working on the PR article,” Jacky explained. 
Jacky’s tone might have sounded rather arrogant. But this wouldn’t come as a surprise to those who 
knew him. 
He was the legal advisor hired by Martin Group. He was also the person in charge of the largest law firm in Jipsburg City. He had never lost a single case. 
Joe narrowed his eyes. He took a quick glance toward the direction where Skylar had gone. “I will contact 
you.” 
“Oh? You’re not going to take action now? The Williamses are getting up to too many things. Their family has people who are involved in the entertainment industry. They have lots of tricks up their sleeves.” 
Paul was shocked. Joe had wanted to help Skylar the moment he’d found out about this. Otherwise, Joe wouldn’t have asked him to seek Jacky out. 
But where was his sense of urgency now? 
Joe shot Paul a look. 

###Chapter:51
Paul was frightened. He quickly responded, “Got it, Mr. Martin!” 
Jacky looked at Paul with a half–smile. “I haven’t seen you for a few days and you’ve become more timid? You weren’t injured after that accident, but did it make you a coward?” 
“Shut up!” Paul hissed. 
Jacky always launched unexpected attacks at others. Of all the people in Jipsburg City, the person Paul hated the most was Jacky, who was currently smiling at him perfunctorily. 
Joe was used to seeing them bickering. He took out a cigarette and took his time smoking it. 
He’d wanted to help Skylar today because he didn’t want this to affect Gloria. It was a pity that Skylar hadn’t asked him for help. 
He decided to wait and see. 
The traffic in Jipsburg City was still quite heavy at around 7:00 pm. Skylar could have arrived at the 
Yancey Residence in half an hour, but she took 45 minutes instead. 
When she entered the house, she spotted three people sitting on the couch in the living room. They were waiting for her. 
“Skye!” Janine, Charles, and Steven called out to her in unison as they shot to their feet. 
After having dinner earlier, the trio had been sitting on the couch, browsing through their own phones. 
There was much discussion going on on the internet about Skylar. 
These people were saying all sorts of nasty things about her. The trio were so mad that they wished that 
they could track down all these people who were talking rubbish. 
What did they know? What right did they have to diss Skylar? 
Did the Williamses have any conscience? They had hurt Skylar against their conscience. Where was their 
bottom line? 
Even if the Williamses didn’t care about Skylar, they did! They empathized with her. 
As Skylar looked at them, she felt a warmth in her heart, and her eyes welled up with tears. She knew that 
all of them would always be there to face her troubles with her. 
“Hi, Mom. Hi, Steven and Charles.” 
“I know about everything, Skye. Janine sighed. “Christopher will face the consequences of his actions in the future. How could he treat you like that?” Janine wiped the tears off her face. 
Earlier, Janine had even told herself not to cry. In the end, it tugged at her heartstrings when she thought about how Skylar had been betrayed. 
Skylar walked over and gave Janine a hug. “Don’t cry, Mom. I found out about these a long time ago. It’s not worth it to shed tears over a jerk. I have already learned to let things go. These things can’t hurt me.” 
Steven and Charles were standing by the side. Hearing such words made them feel uneasy. 
They kept having the feeling that Skylar was indeed keeping some things to herself. She was afraid that they would be worried about her. 
Previously, when Skylar had gone back to the Williamses, they had assumed that she would be treated the same way she had been in their house. They had thought that she would be cared for by the 
Williamses. 
If it hadn’t been for these destructive things that the Williams family was doing toward her, they wouldn’t 
have known. 
Just look at what had come out of it. 
They had no idea what Skylar experienced when she was with the Williamses. 
stular consoled Janine before the latter left to go to bed. 
Then, she began discussing the current situation with Steven and Charles. 
“Other than the photos that were posted, I have some videos too. They can all prove that Christopher had an affair with Maisy. I’ll reveal the videos tomorrow morning.” 
Then, she showed them the videos that she obtained from the mall’s surveillance footage. The videos were very clear. 
When Steven and Charles watched the video, their tense expressions eased up. 
“The Williamses… They’re really- Charles had intended to cuss, but he stopped himself quickly enough. 
After all, they were Skylar’s biological family. She must be feeling terrible on the inside. Steven looked at Charles. He frowned and asked, “Were you ill–treated by the Williamses, Skye?” 
###Chapter:52
“It’s all in the past. It doesn’t matter whether they were good to me or not “Skylar didn’t say much; she was afraid that it would make her brothers worry. 
If they found out what she had gone through in her past life, they might end up fighting it out with the 
Williams family. 
Deep down, Steven and Charles came to a conclusion. As they’d quensed, the Williamses hadn’t treated Skylar well! 
“The Williamses PR team is stellar. We have to be prepared for the worst, Skye,” Steven said in a deep 
voice. 
Skylar nodded. “When I made that post, I was already aware that it might cause a huge fuss.” 
Other than the videos, she also had a conversation history. She also had a record of the blood donations 
she’d made at the hospital over the past six months. 
She didn’t care if she fell out with Jeffrey and Sadie. They didn’t care about her, so she didn’t have to care 
about them either. 
After some thought, Steven handed his phone to Skylar. “Skye, take a look at my conversation with my 
friends. I think that they have some valid concerns.” 
“Sure.” 
Skylar read through the conversation from beginning to end. 
A dark and icy expression came across her face. 
Many things had happened after she had been reborn. It seemed like she may have been a little rushed. 
with this matter…. 
At Williams Residence, Sadie took a look at the wall clock. It was 11:00 pm. 
“Your father summoned Peter to the office a few hours ago. It’s already 11:00 pm now. Why haven’t they come home yet?” she asked Samuel. 
Samuel was on leave these few days. He had a lot of time on his hands. Even now, he was still scrolling through the comments on the internet. 
Their family’s PR team was pretty efficient. They were in complete control of the situation. He wouldn’t be surprised if Skylar returned first thing tomorrow morning and apologized to them. 
“Work has been busy, hasn’t it? I called Peter earlier, but he didn’t pick up. Just go to bed, Mom. Who knows if Dad and Peter have gone for a social meeting? I’m not sure if they will be coming back tonight,” Samuel said nonchalantly. 
Sadie stood up. While she headed upstairs, she said to Samuel, “Yeah, there’s been a partnership between 
the company and Martin Group these two months. It’s not surprising that they’re busy. 
“You c can just stay here tonight. Maisy has been locking herself in her room. I’m sure that she’s feeling afraid and down. You should have a chat with her when you go upstairs later.” 
Samuel’s eyes lit up when he heard the mention of Martin Group. “Our family actually has a partnership with Martin Group?” 
Sadie nodded proudly. “I suppose Martin Group sees potential in us. There have really been many eye- opening changes ever since Peter joined the company. 
“Our family’s future in Jipsburg City will be bright. Your father even plans to have Maisy marry Joe. So, an incident like today’s has to be handled properly. 
“We cannot allow others to get a hold of Maisy. As for Skye, we can just spend some money to send her overseas after she apologizes properly.” 
“Joe is interested in Maisy?” Samuel asked in surprise. 
At the same time, he couldn’t help but feel excited. If they indeed had an alliance with the Martins, did that mean that he would be able to dominate the entertainment industry in the future? 
Sadie was reminded of the cold response Joe had given Maisy the other day. She was about to say no, 
but then she thought about how someone with a distinguished background like Joe would be naturally supercilious. 
So, she nodded and answered, “Maisy is such an outstanding woman. He will come to like her.” 
“I’m going upstairs to see Maisy!” Samuel darted upstairs. 
Just as Sadie was about to follow him upstairs, she was suddenly reminded of Skylar. Subconsciously, she directed her gaze toward an inconspicuous spot in the living room. 
There used to be a painting hung over there. 
Why was it gone? 
She furrowed her brows. She thought of asking a housekeeper, but changed her mind. It was just a cheap painting that had been purchased online, It didn’t matter if it was gone. 
It was already 11:30 pm by the time Skylar got back to Galaxy Villa. 
The lights on the first floor were still on. 
She tiptoed upstairs and opened the door to her room quietly. After taking a shower, she lay in bed and scrolled through her phone. 
###Chapter:53
Sadie had even sent her a WhatsApp message earlier, asking her to go back to Williams Residence to give them an apology. Then, they would think of a way to send her overseas. 
They had even crushed that little bit of familial affection she had for them. 
She was about to turn off the lights to go to bed a few minutes later when she felt thirsty. So, she took her cup and went downstairs. 
Just as she got downstairs, to her surprise, she realized that Joe was around. 
He was in a set of gray–colored casual wear. He looked relaxed and laid–back. He was giving off a 
completely different vibe compared to his usual cold and conceited self. 
If the person he had been at the hospital during the day could make women admire him, the alluring 
gleam in his eyes at night could very easily make one lose their mind. 
Skylar couldn’t help but stare at him for a few seconds 
“You’re back?” 
He was carrying a cup of beverage in his hand. She caught a whiff of the scent of tea. 
Skylar acknowledged Joe’s question quickly. She went to pour a cup of water for herself. Then, she 
remembered that he had insomnia. 
So, she asked, “Is that tea you’re having?” 
“Yes, it’s tea.” 
“Do you still have work to do?” 
Initially, Skylar had wanted to remind him that drinking tea would affect his sleep. 
But, she figured that if he always had trouble sleeping, he should be well aware of what he should or shouldn’t drink before bed. Thus, she decided not to interfere and ‘changed the topic instead. 
Joe fixed his deep gaze at Skylar. “I do have some work to do.” 
Skylar nodded. “I shall not bother you then. Good night.” 
She took her cup and walked upstairs. Right when she was two steps away from reaching the second 
floor, Joe called out to her. 
*Do you have anything you want to say?” Joe had his tea in one hand and his other hand in his pocket. He looked at Skylar with his glistening yet cold eyes. 
If she asked him for help right now, he would help her out for Gloria’s sake. 
Skylar was dumbfounded. She smiled and replied, “I don’t think I’ll be able to wake up early to visit Grandma tomorrow. I’ll go to the hospital in the afternoon. Also, just a gentle reminder–drinking tea at night will really affect your sleep.” 
After saying that, she walked up the last two steps and went into her own room. 
Joe stayed standing at the same spot. He frowned. 
She made it look like nothing had happened at all. She was completely calm. 
If he hadn’t seen her weak and crying self when she was sick, he would have really thought that she was a strong woman who didn’t need the help of others. 
He looked at the cup in his hand. The tea leaves were still floating in it, and the scent of the tea wafted through the air. 
It was true that he had trouble sleeping. Drinking tea was just his way of settling his irritation from not being able to fall asleep. 
After putting his cup down, he headed upstairs. 
He was about to open the door to his room when Skylar’s door suddenly opened. He caught sight of her pure and alluring face peeking out the door.. 
Joe gazed at Skylar’s face for a few moments. Was she about to ask him for help? 
Earlier, she’d put on an act as if she wasn’t bothered by anything. Perhaps she was just pretending to be strong and leading him on. 
“Hold on, Mr. Martin.” 
After saying that, Skylar disappeared back into her room. 
Joe raised his brow slightly. How was she going to seek his help? His curiosity was now being piqued. 
###Chapter:54
Less than two minutes later, Skylar came back out from her room. She had a convenience store bag in 
her hands 
At that moment, Joe couldn’t figure out what she was up to. 
“There are a few bags of tea in here. They’re good for insomnia. I mixed them according to an age– old recipe. I didn’t make much, so just go ahead and have these first.” 
Skylar handed the bag to Joe. 
She had read many books when she had been at Viola’s house. She was capable of making things from 
age–old recipes. Previously, she had also put together a foot soak for Gloria. Those were all good for 
health. 
“Is this also a type of tea?” Joe received the bag into his hands and caught a whiff of a herbal scent from 
within. 
She’d called him just to give him tea? 
“It’s different from other kinds of tea. This tea is to help with sleep. I don’t think you’ll be able to buy these 
elsewhere. Anyway, it’s getting late. I’ll be going to bed. Good night, Mr. Martin.” 
Then, Skylar retreated to her room. She was indeed quite sleepy. 
Of course, she hadn’t been boasting, Viola had said that those old books were practically unique. Neither 
could they be purchased elsewhere nor seen by anyone else. 
The look in Joe’s eyes became glum. She still hadn’t asked for his help. Could it be that she was too 
embarrassed to ask? 
Was that why she’d chosen to give him some gifts first? 
He carried the bag and entered his own room. 
After half an hour, he walked back out again. He headed downstairs with a tea bag and made a new cup 
of tea. 
Soon enough, a herbal scent wafted through the air. Unlike those herbal soups that would make one frown just by its smell, this tea didn’t have a strong smell. 
“Would this be effective?” Joe questioned softly. 
He thought about Skylar’s massage techniques. He hoped that this tea would be helpful with his sleep. 
troubles just like her massage techniques were. 
In fact, he didn’t mind if it had some effectiveness similar to the healthy teas out there. 
If it was indeed effective, he would help her this once for the sake of the tea and Gloria. 
Bit by bit, he finished the cup of hot tea. Then, he went back into his room upstairs. 
The moment he lay down in bed, he actually felt much less irritable over his insomnia. Was it psychological? Or was the tea truly effective? 
Skylar woke up at 6:00 am the next morning. She took a look at the comments about her online. 
The situation had completely changed overnight. Additionally, after more aggravation by the Williamses‘ PR team, the comments had started to encourage her to give a public apology instead. 
She was about to edit the videos to be posted on her Facebook and other accounts when Caleb sent her 
a voice message. 
“Skylar, Skylar, have you seen Facebook? It looks like the Williams family’s PR took action against you! ! can’t believe that Maisy is part of the Williams family. 
“There is a huge fuss over this right now. Don’t be afraid, Skylar. I’ll help you think of something! These cheaters are so shameless. Not only did they adamantly deny that they were messing around, but they also tried to slander you!” 
After listening to Caleb’s voice message, Skylar replied, saying that she wasn’t afraid. Then, she started to edit her videos and write the content for her post. 
Caleb blurted a few consecutive swear words after he sent his voice message. 
Suddenly, a few smacks landed on the back of his head. 
Caleb shouted in pain, He looked behind him and saw that it was Alexander who had hit him. “Grandpa!” 
“Watch your mouth. Your parents aren’t in Jipsburg right now, so I have to make sure I discipline you!” Alexander chided him as he put on a very strict expression on his face. 
Caleb continued crying out in pain. “I’m your only grandson. You’ll only end up heartbroken if your beatings make me dumb! Plus, I wasn’t swearing on purpose. There are people oppressing Skylar, so I was just being pissed on her behalf.” 
to restore old “Skylar? Is she the woman you told me about two days ago? The one who knows h antiques?” Alexander was used to Caleb playing bluff, so he hadn’t taken it too seriously. 
###Chapter:55
“Yes, that’s her. You know, I think that she might be even better than you, Grandpa!” Caleb didn’t think that he was exaggerating at all. 
Daniel had told him that he had come across many restorers. Even though they seemed arrogant, their practical skills were average. They couldn’t be compared with Skylar. 
Daniel had asked Skylar who her mentor was. All she’d said was that she had learnt it from an elderly woman in the countryside. 
Alexander hadn’t believed Caleb. After all, Caleb had been more of a wild child. Most of the people he knew didn’t even take their work seriously. He always just praised people however he wished. 
Furthermore, he was claiming that Skylar was better than many restorers in the field, despite her young 
age. It sounded far–fetched. 
Alexander waved his hand. “Hurry up and leave. You’re getting in my way.” 
“Grandpa, I wake up so early every day just to run six miles to catch the bus. My thighs are getting 
muscular from all that running. Please have pity on me and return my car keys to me.” Caleb took this opportunity to plead with Alexander. 
Alexander didn’t budge. “Leave.” 
Caleb was afraid that he’d get beaten again, so he dashed off right away. 
Over at Williams Residence, Maisy didn’t have the habit of waking early. However, she’d been thinking 
about the situation online. So, she’d set an early alarm for herself. 
She was worried that Skylar might really have some evidence in her hands. 
However, the Williams family had control over the situation now. They had the most professional PR and 
legal teams. It was surely an easy task to go against Skylar. 
The only thing was that she had indeed gotten involved with Christopher in secret. Undoubtedly, this was something that made her feel uneasy. 
Also, she wasn’t sure why Christopher was hesitating. He still hadn’t done what she’d asked him to do. 
She made a call to Christopher. 
“Why haven’t you posted anything on Facebook? This matter will come to an end once you deny any involvement with me,” Maisy said. 
Christopher hadn’t slept all night. He kept staring at his phone, waiting for Skylar to return his call. 
In the end, he hadn’t received any calls back from Skylar. Maisy had been the one to call him instead. 
‘The company also knows about this. They asked me not to go in for work for now. Who knows if I might 
lose my job because of this? 
“I can’t make a Facebook post to deny this so thoughtlessly. I want to see what Skylar plans to do next. I have always been the one she loves the most. I don’t think that she will really push me to a dead end.” 
Even until now, Christopher felt that he could still turn things around with Skylar. 
As long as he wasn’t caught in bed with Maisy, he was able to make her trust him again. 
Malsy 
sy was speechless. “This has nothing much to do with you making a Facebook post. Isn’t she obedient to you? Can’t you just coax her after the end of all this is over? Do you want to see her ruin my reputation?” 
In truth, Christopher couldn’t bear to see Maisy troubled. “Hm… Alright, then.” 
What Maisy had said was right. He could always coax Skylar in the future. After all, she was very easy to 
cajole and reason with. 
Skylar stared at her post, only to find that it couldn’t be posted online. It was the same for her other accounts. None of them were posted successfully. 
She had been reported. Her posting rights had been restricted. 
Her face dropped. “They’d really resort to anything just to hinder my plans. 
Skylar took a deep breath. 
Suddenly, her phone rang. It was Steven calling. “Why haven’t you posted the videos?” Steven asked. 
Skylar informed Steven about how her account had been reported, and about how she wasn’t able to post anything temporarily. 
Steven was silent. He knitted his brows together tightly. 
#Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
###Chapter:56
Skylar had no way of posting the videos. In a situation like this, she wouldn’t have a way to reveal the 
truth to others. 
Noticing the silence on Steven’s end, she said, “I’ll get a lawyer.” 
“I don’t think the lawyers in Jipsburg will take your case, Skye. The legal team that the Williamses hired is renowned in Jipsburg. Even their PR team is top–notch,” Steven said with a heavy heart, his expression gloomy. 
With her phone in hand, Skylar remained silent. If there was anyone by her side who could see how tightly she was clenching it, they’d see how much hate she had bubbling inside of her. 
“What if you were to go to your biological parents and show them the videos? They might be able to help you and not make this an even bigger issue,” Steven suggested. 
That was also the solution that his friends had come up with. 
He was aware that Skylar didn’t want to see Jeffrey and Sadie at all right now. Moreover, the couple didn’t hesitate to oppress her because of Maisy. 
How would they treat her if she went to see them? 
That would really cause Skylar a lot of grievance. As her older brother, Steven felt suffocated for not being able to help her out. 
Skylar’s eyes reddened. She answered him softly. “I’ll think about it. Don’t worry about this for now, Steven. I know that you’ve been having some things to deal with recently. My issue isn’t a major one. 
“I’ll deal with it properly. I know that you’re really worried about me, but I’m a grown–up now. I’m no longer that child who cries whenever she finds herself in trouble. I’ll be strong and face these challenges head- 
on.” 
She should’ve been able to settle these things well. But she didn’t expect that she would still end up making her family members worry. 
After he hung up, Steven’s eyes welled up with tears. 
Skylar was about to pocket her phone when it rang with a call from Charles. 
She gave him a summary of the situation. Charles then said that he would go to her. She refused. She told him that she could handle it and asked him to focus on his work. 
Once the call with Charles ended, she looked at the time–it was already half past six. 
She changed before going downstairs. She found a tub of yogurt in the refrigerator. She added some oatmeal to it and ate it. 
Right at this moment, Sadie called. 
Skylar stared at Sadie’s name. On top of that, she thought of what Steven said to her earlier and felt a 
Chapte: 56 
sharp pain in her heart. Should she give them another chance? 
2.2 
“You’ve finally answered! Have you realized your mistake? You’re a daughter of the family, after all. We’ll forgive you for this time as long as you apologize. These things on the internet will be forgotten with time. 
“Your father and I will send you overseas temporarily. When you’re overseas, you should be good and not cause trouble. Do you hear me?” 
When Sadie’s call had finally been answered, she couldn’t quite describe how she felt. 
She felt a sense of relief. Even so, she still couldn’t help blurting out her dissatisfaction. 
Skylar answered her in a cold voice, “The photo is real. I have videos of them at the mall.” 
Sadie was taken aback. Then, she questioned her in disbelief. “What did you say? It’s real? That’s impossible. How could it be? Maisy has always been virtuous, unlike you, who lived together with 
Christopher so mindlessly.” 
Skylar’s heart turned cold. She scoffed. “Did Maisy say those things to you too? Hang up and check your 
WhatsApp messages.” 
Maisy could really come up with all sorts of things just to speak ill of her. She was such a classic example of someone who loved to drag others down with her. 
A few minutes after the call ended, Sadie called again. 
“Have you watched the videos?” Skylar asked. 
Sadie responded, “Maisy needs to have a happy marriage in the future. This will ruin her chances. Listen to me, Skye. Let’s put an end to this. I won’t request you to apologize. 
“But, you also can’t bring this up with anyone else. Let’s just say that Maisy owes you for this. I’ll talk to your Dad and make sure that you’re compensated. I reckon that they looked just a little closer than usual. They’re not actually involved with one another:” 
I “So, you’re saying that even though they kissed, they’re not involved with one another? I really question your values, Mrs. Williams. I was right. I shouldn’t have any expectations toward any of you.”
###Chapte: 57
Skylar hung up right away. 
Her heart had been crushed a long time ago. Because of what Steven said, she thought they were perhaps not as hopeless as she thought. 
In the end, she expected too much. 
When Joe went downstairs, he heard Skylar’s phone ring. He also overheard the things she said, 
She didn’t shed a tear after the call ended. Even so, she looked like an injured puppy tending to her wounds pitifully. 
The look in Joe’s eyes deepened. He felt something tugging at his heartstrings. 
There was a time in the past when he also had to lick his wounds alone. 
The sound of someone coming downstairs startled Skylar. She looked up at Joe. He was taken aback to see that her eyes were still filled with hatred and pain. 
Skylar realized that she had lost 
her composure. She lowered her eyes immediatel 
Joe strode toward her. He could feel that she was in low spirits. “The tea you gave me last night was very effective,” he said. 
About an hour after finishing the tea, his anxious heart quietened down. Before he realized it, he had fallen asleep 
In a slight panic, Skylar nodded. “Good to hear that it was effective. I can make more for you. I have something else I need to do. I’ll be taking my leave.” 
She didn’t want anyone to see the panicked and helpless side of her. 
She grabbed her bag and ran to the door. She put on her shoes, pushed the door, and walked right out without taking a single glance at Joe. 
Joe frowned. He looked at the tub of yogurt on the table. Skylar hadn’t had time to throw it away. If she was truly fine, she would make herself a nutritious breakfast in the morning. 
The pitiful look in her beautiful eyes flashed across his mind. The frigid air around him became even more intense. 
He glanced at the message that Paul sent to his phone earlier. 
Skylar didn’t strike back at the Williamses on social media. It wasn’t because she had no evidence but because her accounts had been blocked. 
The Williams family stood in her way. Following that, Sadie treated her so coldly. Despite finding out the truth, she still chose to slight Skylar. 
Joe tapped his fingers on the table. He made a call to Paul. 
5 
“What are your orders, Mr. Martin?” Paul asked. He sounded a little rushed. 
Ever since he changed his charm, he felt luckler for the past two days. He had mindlessly scratched a lottery ticket the day before and won a thousand dollars. It was the most he had ever won! 
It was the first time in his life that he received such a windfall. 
Also, if it wasn’t for Skylar’s remark, he might have even lost his life if he had continued wearing that 
emerald charm. 
is help! 
Skylar was now being oppressed. He also knew about the truth. He’d feel bad if he didn’t extend his 
His conscience nagged at him all night, causing him to lose sleep. He was enraged to see the people who didn’t know the truth being led on by the comments staged by the Williamses. 
Even so, he had to wait for Joe’s command. He dared not help Skylar if Joe hadn’t instructed him to do so! 
“Don’t do it in Martin Group’s name. Come up with a way that can help her fight back. I think that she wants to handle some things herself.” ( 
Joe tapped on the table a few more times. He had come to a decision. 
He didn’t have feelings for Skylar, and their marriage was contractual. Whatever it was, she was still his wife for the three years they were to stay married, 
Although she was his wife only by name, he couldn’t allow others to oppress her so openly. 
“Got it!” Paul answered promptly. 
Before the call ended, Paul couldn’t help but probe. “Have you fallen for Ms. Sullivan, Mr. Martin?” 
“You’re overthinking it,” Joe replied coldly. 
Paul didn’t dare to continue asking. Joe’s thoughts were always mysterious. Besides, Gloria favored Skylar. Joe could very well be helping her for Gloria’s sake. 
At Williams Residence, Sadie stared at the phone for a long time after the call ended. 
She was unresigned. She took another look at the videos from Skylar. 
Maisy was the daughter she had raised. So, she recognized her the moment she saw the videos. The person in the videos couldn’t have been anyone else other than Maisy. 
She had met Christopher once. She had never liked the poor man since the very beginning. 
Previously, she asked Skylar to part ways with him, but she was stubborn and adamantly refused. Ultimately, Christopher ended up getting involved with Maisy. 
Didn’t Maisy say she had nothing to do with Christopher? 
She claimed that Skylar was the one accusing her. 
In the end… 
Fury etched across Sadie’s face as she watched the videos. She took her phone with her and went to see Maisy. 
Maisy was looking at her phone with glee. She was chatting with Christopher on WhatsApp about how to make his statement so that they could ruin Skylar’s reputation once and for all. 
When that time came, they could make Skylar do anything they wanted. With nowhere to run, Skylar would have no choice but to obey them. 
Maisy heard someone opening the door. She turned to look. “Yes, Mom?” 
“What’s going on between you and Christopher, Maisy? Are you lying to me now?” Sadie questioned 
###Chapte: 58 
angrily as she flung her phone to Malsy. 
Maisy was in a daze. She feigned Innocence. “What are you talking about, Mom? I don’t understand.” 
Despite saying that, she had already picked up Sadie’s phone and was looking at it. 
Sadie and Skylar’s chat was displayed on the screen. 
There 
e were two videos on it. She tapped on them and watched each one. She began to panic as she watched. Where did Skylar get these videos? 
Sadie noticed the panic in Maisy’s eyes. She was disappointed. 
“You’ve really let me down, Maisy. Christopher is just a poor man. He can’t give you anything you want. Why would you have an affair with him? 
“How are you going to be together with Joe if these videos were to be released? Tell me. Have you slept 
with him?” 
Maisy’s hand, which was holding the phone, started trembling uncontrollably. But she quickly calmed herself down. When she lifted her head to look at Sadie, her eyes were brimming with tears. 
“I don’t know what’s with these videos, either. At that time… Christopher was the one who kissed me. He said it was an accident. I know that he seems to like me. 
“But why… why would I sleep with him? Trust me, Mom. I’m just scared by everything that happened 
yesterday, even now. I don’t know what I should say. After all, I hadn’t expected Skylar’s boyfriend would 
like me.” 
The frown on Sadie’s face eased up after hearing Maisy’s explanation. 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
Play 
C 
###Chapter:59
“Are you telling the truth?” Sadie asked. 
“Why would I lie, Mom? You’ve seen from the videos. Christopher was the one who kissed me.” Maisy bit her lip. She maintained that innocent look on her face. 
It was just two videos. They didn’t prove anything. 
The videos couldn’t show what they were talking about, either. So, it was up to her how she wanted to 
explain things. 
Did Skylar think she could turn the tables by sending the videos to Sadle? No way! 
Sadie breathed a sigh of relief. “That’s good to know, then.” 
“Mom, I’m sure that Skylar hates me to the core. She loves Christopher so much, but he likes me instead. 
That’s why she tried 
to ruin me completely. 
“I really don’t deserve this, Mom. Now that she sent these videos to you, she surely won’t post her 
apology online,” Maisy said while she looked sad and miserable. 
Sadie sighed helplessly. “You are also a victim. Christopher should be the one to blame. As for Skylar’s apology, I’ll talk to her about it. After all, this happened because of her. If she hadn’t
become involved with that poor man, all these troubles wouldn’t have happened.” 
“Would Skylar still be willing to apologize?” There was a twinkle in Maisy’s eyes. She hesitated a little. 
Why did she feel like Skylar was completely out of her control? 
She didn’t go to the hospital to donate blood. Neither did she listen to Christopher, nor did she return home. She was really curious to know where Skylar had been staying these days. 
She didn’t like the feeling of not being in control. She had to trample on Skylar. 
Sadie frowned. The mention of Skylar made her feel impatient. “It’s not about whether or not she wants to apologize. She has no other choice.” 
At the rented home, Christopher’s eyes were fixed on his phone. He had been waiting for Maisy’s reply for 
a few minutes. 
He looked at the half–edited statement on his phone. 
He refused to give up and took a brief look at the comments on the Internet. They were all cussing at 
Skylar 
They were also waiting for his statement. As long as he gave his statement, he would be affirming the label of Skylar as an evil person. 
Skylar’s indifference toward him came to mind. She wasn’t as easy to coax as she used to be. He took a 
deep breath. 
If he remained by her side after she was forced into a comer, perhaps she would never dare to leave him 
again in the future. 
All of a sudden, Maisy’s call came. He answered immediately. 
“I want you to give your statement right now, Christopher. You have to post it immediately. Did you that Skylar has videos of us kissing at the mall?” 
know 
Christopher was shocked. “What? She even has videos? Wouldn’t our lies be exposed if she posted them? I’ll give my statement now, then.” 
He also had a sudden realization. It was no wonder that Skylar had become indifferent to him out of the blue. It turned out that she had already discovered what went on between him and Mar 
Maisy rolled her eyes. “She won’t be able to post anything. PR is all about grasping the right timing. We’ve reported her account, so she’s unable to post anything right now, not even the videos. 
“Even if she could start posting again a few days later, we’d already be in control. We could just get someone to edit the videos, and she couldn’t use them against us anymore. 
“Did you think that my family hired the PR and legal teams just to bum around?” 
Christopher was still worried. “Your parents are her biological parents. Could they bear to see everyone scolding her?” 
The words “biological parents” were like an arrow to Maisy’s heart. Her face became twisted. 
“So what if they are her biological parents? I’m the most important person to them. Skylar is nothing. Do you still not get this?” 
Christopher was convinced. “Okay, I’ll post my statement now.” 
###Chapter:60
After Christopher posted his statement, another wave of insults was hurled toward Skylar 
The hottest response was the one that suggested Skylar be admitted to an asylurn. 
There were even some invited professionals who labeled her as delusional. They claimed that Skylar was too in love with her boyfriend that the appearance of another woman by his side became an imaginary threat to her. They asserted that she really needed psychological help in such a situation. 
These people practically appeared the moment Christopher posted his statement. 
It became the biggest trending topic on the Internet. 
Joe was in the car, swiping on his phone. 
Although the driver was driving, he could feel the tension in the air. He didn’t even dare to breathe too loudly. 
Paul got into the car mid–journey. He could tell Joe was on edge the moment he got into the car. 
He glanced over, and his eyes landed on the page on Joe’s phone screen. 
Being sharp–witted, he said, “Mr. Martin, I noticed a lot of those so–called ‘professionals‘ spreading lies on the internet. They’re really stirring up my sense of justice. I found people to expose these professionals. I couldn’t bear to see the public being deceived. 
“The companies they partnered with will be able to give their statement in less than an hour. They won’t be able to spew rubbish in the future.” 
What did those idiots know? They accepted money from the Williams family to talk bullshit. 
Joe turned off the display on his phone. Then, he rolled down the window and lit a cigarette. 
He felt like he had been paying too much attention to Skylar’s issue. He shouldn’t do anything to make her have unnecessary misconceptions or uncertainty. This matter… 
After a few thoughtful minutes, he spoke to Paul with a dark expression on his face. “No need for any drastic actions. Just make sure the rumors on the internet die down. That’ll do.” T 
Paul was stunned to hear his instructions. Was Joe changing his mind about helping Skylar? 
After leaving Galaxy Villa, Skylar informed Daniel that she’d arrive a little later. 
After that, she drove to the police station where she had made a police report the previous time. 
She received many WhatsApp messages and phone calls along the way. She saw the screenshot from Natalie. It was Christopher’s statement on social media. 
272 
His statement asserted that she was always a jealous person. She assumed that he was having affairs with all the women who appeared by his side. 
He even said that Maisy was a victim who was dragged into this. On her behalf, he apologized to Mainy 
and those she had hurt. 
“Christopher is such a jerk! He has no conscience at all. I’ve updated my Facebook post earlier. I’ll vouch for you, Skye.” Natalie was mad. 
She was disgusted by Christopher’s actions first thing in the morning. 
Even though Skylar had mentally prepared herself, her chest still tightened when she saw Christopher’s 
statement. 
She took a deep breath. The look in her eyes was glum. She first thanked Natalie for helping her, then told her she was on the way to the police station. Afterward, she hung up. 
As she was about to continue driving, Sadie called. Her tone wasn’t as arrogant as before. 
“I’m sure that you’ve been through a lot. It’s all your boyfriend’s fault. He was the one who caused all this. Maisy is completely innocent. You can’t blame her. 
“Now that it has all come to this, you should just apologize. Once you’ve posted your apology, we’ll find at way to let this trending topic die down. Then, we’ll send you overseas to study. 
“Once you’ve had the experience of studying abroad, your father will arrange a position for you in the company after you return. 
“We’ll also arrange a good marriage for you. Even though you might be at a loss right now, you won’t actually be on the losing end here.” 
Skylar was amused. She burst out laughing. 
“What are you laughing at?” 
Skylar suppressed her laugh. “I’m laughing at how crazy you people are, fantasizing like that.” 
“How rude, Skye! Who taught you to speak to me like that? I’m your mother!” Sadie said angrily. 
Skylar argued with them time and time again. She even spoke so rudely to infuriate her. Wasn’t she afraid that their family would disown her? 
Skylar tapped on the steering wheel lightly. “Maisy was the one who went overboard. You’re the one who couldn’t see right from wrong, Mrs, Williams. 
“There’s no sign of any decent upbringing on any of you people in the Williams family. Do you think that you deserve to say that I was being rude? 
“Tell Maisy that she has gone over the line. I’d like to see how she handles it when she ends up shooting herself in her own foot.” 
###Chapter:61
Skylar had a second chance at life. There was nothing for her to be afraid of. 
She had her family and friends backing her up. So, she wasn’t afraid of burning bridges. 
She suppressed the pain within her heart and said her last word. “I was blinded to have wanted to get in your good books, Mrs. Williams. You don’t deserve to be my mother.” 
Sadie stared at the phone after she was hung up on. Her ears were ringing. 
For some reason, Skylar’s words kept replaying in her head. She said that she didn’t deserve to be her 
mother? 
She was Jeffrey’s wife. She was a reputable person within Jipsburg City. Her three sons were outstanding achievers in their respective fields, while her daughter, Maisy, was magnificent and beautiful. 
All she did was look down upon and rebuke Skylar, who was mistakenly adopted. Yet, she now claimed she didn’t deserve to be her mother? 
If this happened before, Sadie wouldn’t have been bothered by what Skylar said. But, right then, Sadie felt 
disturbed. 
Maisy noticed the frown on Sadie’s face and became anxious. “Mom, is Skylar refusing to apologize and let this go? Does she still hate me even though Christopher has already given his side of the story? 
“If it doesn’t work out, I will just admit to everything. Then, I’ll seek shelter overseas and let her come back home again.” 
“Forget about her. She’s still stubborn and refusing to change. Let your brothers work on having this issue die down as soon as possible. Let’s not make such a fuss with Skylar,” Sadie said, frowning. 
Deep down, Maisy was shocked. What did Skylar say earlier? Why was Sadie trying to smooth things over 
with her? 
Sadie didn’t even turn down the idea when she offered to apologize and leave the country. She didn’t have a go at Skylar, either. Instead, she just said not to make such a fuss with her. 
She wanted to not make a fuss? How could this be? 
Without Sadie realizing it, Maisy messaged her three brothers. 
“Skylar called earlier. She’s still refusing to apologize. She was also rude toward Mom. I feel like all these happened because of me, so I should be the one to end it. Maybe I should just yield and admit that what Skylar said was right.” 
Peter: “You can’t do that, Maisy. She was the one who was wrong, so she should be punished.” 
Kenny: “Leave this to us. Don’t be afraid.” 
Samuel: “It’s so annoying to have Skylar as a sister!” 
A smile of satisfaction came across Maisy’s face when she saw their replies. She gave it some thought 
before she also made a post. 
It was a photo of her not knowing whether to laugh or cry, with the caption, “Truth will speak for itself.” 
Within a few minutes, a bunch of followers commented with their support and trust toward her. 
She’d like to see what else Skylar had up her sleeve! 
Ten minutes later, Maisy had put on a sheet mask chirpily. She planned to go shopping with some friends 
later. 
All she had to do was act miserable, and her brothers would be able to settle the issue. Plus, Skylar’s hands were tied. She wouldn’t be able to create a stir. 
Even if someone else discovered the videos, their PR team would be able to cover up the truth behind it. She didn’t have anything to worry about. 
Just then, Kenny messaged their group. The tone of his message sounded urgent. 
“Samuel, did the company’s PR team even do their job right? Why is there so much negative news against Maisy on the internet? Wait a second, this video…” 
“Maisy, you spent the night with Christopher at a hotel?
###Chapter:62
40 minutes later, Skylar arrived at the police station. She had just parked and was about to get out of her 
car when Steven called. 
“Where are you now, Skye?” 
“I’m at the parking lot in front of the police station. I was just about to go in to make a report. What’s up, 
Steven?” Skylar asked. 
Sounding relieved, he said, “Put a hold on your visit to the station. Many videos have just been released on the internet. They’re more complete than the ones you have. 
“There are clips of Christopher and Maisy going to the hotel. Some even showed them going on dates at various restaurants. People who claimed to be your high school classmates also spilled the beans. It’s now the most–searched topic on the Internet. 
“Someone also revealed that you were being falsely reported and banned from posting on social media. We have the upperhand. They should be the ones running around like headless chickens now.” 
Skylar ended the call with Steven and checked on the news immediately. 
Indeed, the most–trending topic had changed. All sorts of mindblowing scoops overwhelming the falsehoods Maisy and the others had spread. 
had 
appeared, 
Could it be that these people hated to see the ugly side of these capitalists having control over the online comments, so they decided to step forward to see justice served? 
There were similar voices last night, but they were all subdued by the Williamses. 
The internet trolls would never have allowed these voices to be louder than theirs. So, how were they able to pop up like this? 
Just as Skylar tried to wrap her head around all these, her phone rang. It was Natalie. 
“Skye, I’m not sure if it was because I found a few schoolmates to share their statements, but it worked,” Natalie’s voice came from the other end. 
She continued, “The internet trolls that the Williams family hired can no longer keep the truth under wraps. Justice will always be served. Maisy’s righteous–sounding statement is such a joke. 
“Also, you had so many pursuers back in university. I never had a good impression of Christopher when he went to our university to see you. It turns out that he’s really such an ass. 
*He also released a statement saying that you accused Maisy out of jealousy. I really wish that I could slap him a few times! 
“It’s almost been a month since we last met, right? You just got back to the Williams family when I tried to meet you the last time, and you said that you weren’t free. 
“Then, you were often unwell from having to donate blood. I’m sure you’ve got some free time now, don’t you, Skye?” 
Skylar laughed. “We have plenty of time in the future. Go ahead and decide on a place. It’ll be my treat” 
There was a slight glimmer from the tears in her eyes. Because of the Williams family, she lost out on meeting with her friends and family in her previous life. 
That would no longer be the case moving forward. 
“It’s my husband’s birthday today. I just cooked an entire meal for him and am waiting for him to come back. Let’s meet at 6:00 pm tomorrow. We’ll go to our regular stew restaurant. Then, I’ll take you somewhere that’ll completely surprise you.” 
“I can’t believe that our Natty has become such a dutiful wife,” Skylar joked. 
“I might be a dutiful wife today, but I’ll be your understanding friend tomorrow. I’m definitely not someone who cares only for my husband.” 
After ending the call with Natalie, Skylar drove to a street with antique shops. 
Steven’s friends were going crazy in their group chat after he spoke with Skylar. 
“Steven, did you guys find a fucking awesome PR team?” 
“This comeback is fucking great. The Williamses‘ PR team couldn’t even react in time.” 
“Plus, they were really quick in finding all the evidence!” 
“When did you become acquainted with such fucking amazing people? You were just discussing with us for a solution yesterday. Then, you managed to find the right people today. Working things out without even saying a word, were you?” 
Steven stared at the messages that were flooding the group. He frowned as he typed his reply. 
I 
“It wasn’t me. I don’t think this is a comeback that anyone orchestrated. My sister and I aren’t acquainted with any PR teams that are this great.” 
If they were, he wouldn’t have to lose sleep from all that worry last night. 
That’s impossible. I work in public relations. Majority of the posts were by verified accounts. There were also all kinds of paid media and the evidence was posted by many. I know very well that all these indicate sufficient preparation.” 
###Chapter:63
“Plus, it all happened too fast. One hour ago, the Williamses were still in control of the entire situation. It’s only been tens of minutes. Look at what it has become. The Williamses must be losing their nerve.” 
“A speed like this is comparable with Martin Group’s PR team’s work.” 
Steven didn’t know what to say. As he read the comments on the screen and went through his friends! analyses, his eyebrows knitted even tighter together. 
He thought about how Skylar had remained calm throughout. Also, he had no idea where she had been staying since leaving Williams Residence. 
Could it be… 
Was her head in a mess thanks to Christopher’s lies and betrayal? Did she end up finding some backing. 
as a result? 
Also, Janine told him that Skylar had given her money. 
After working hard for many years, Steven knew what a bad influence society could bring. Furthermore, Skylar was a natural beauty. Recently, she was deceived by Christopher and oppressed by the Williams. family. 
Would she… 
Steven jumped to his feet. 
His colleagues next to him were shocked to see how fierce he looked. “Calm down, Steven, Kenny has some history here at Jipsburg City. We really don’t have any evidence of him stealing your research paper. 
Why don’t we write a new one? It wouldn’t do you any good to go against him. 
“Everyone now knows that he stole your paper. He wouldn’t dare to come against you so blatantly in the 
future. If it wasn’t for the connections that his family had, he couldn’t have been accepted in the company. 
Steven’s face dropped. He looked at his colleagues and said, “I don’t plan on meeting him again. He might 
be able to steal my paper, but he can’t steal my execution. He won’t be able to handle it when he works on 
his experiment.” 
“You scared me! I thought that you were going to get even with him?” His colleagues breathed a sigh of 
relief. 
Steven picked up his phone again to call Skylar up. But he stopped himself. 
All he had right now was guesswork. 
He decided to ask Skylar out/after work so that he could clarify things with her face–to–face. 
Joe was at Martin Group. He took a quick glance at his phone after his meeting ended. 
Gloria had tried calling him earlier, but his phone was on silent. He didn’t realize she called. 
He called her back. 
“Any reason you were looking for me, Grandma?” 
“What? Do I need a reason to call my grandson? Can’t I call you even when nothing has happened?” Gloria grunted. 
Joe could hear the energy in her voice as she questioned him. He pinched the bridge of his nose. “Of course, you can call me any time, Grandma.” 
“You don’t have to come to the hospital today. A few of my old friends have come to visit with their great- grandchildren. You might embarrass me if you bump into them here,” Gloria said. 
I 
Joe was used to hearing all sorts of complaints about him. So, he obliged. “Alright, I won’t go over then.” 
“You should just ask Skye to the hot springs. It’s a good opportunity for you two to stay a night at our family’s hot spring hotel and get to know one another better. 
“It’ll be even better if you can create my future great–grandchild tonight so that I can show them off next year,” Gloria suggested. 
Joe frowned. “I’m swamped with work today, Grandma.” 
“Did Martin Group hire a bunch of trash? You’re turning 30 soon. Why aren’t you getting down to business yet?” Gloria questioned. 
###Chapter:64
Joe was speechless. 
In the end, he could only say, “I’ll ask her. If she’s also occupied, we’ll go next week.” 
“Yes, go ahead and ask her. She seems to be having a lot on her mind lately. She needs to relax. As her husband, you need to care more for her. Do you understand 7 Gloria reminded him, her tone filled with 
worry. 
“Okay.” 
After ending the call with Gloria, Joe first went to check the news about Skylar on the Internet. 
Once he ascertained that there were no flaws with Paul’s execution, he called Skylar. 
The line was busy. Joe put his phone down. 
A few minutes later, Skylar called him back. 
“Did you just call me, Mr. Martin?” 
“Grandma is meeting a few friends at the hospital today. She arranged for us to go to the hot springs. I’ll pick you up if you’re free tonight,” Joe replied in his naturally cold voice. 
Skylar was able to hear a hint of reluctance in his voice. She was sure that Gloria was the one who forced him to ask her out. 
Going to the hot springs was usually reserved for going with one’s best friends or intimate partner. It was no wonder that Joe was reluctant. 
“Someone just asked me out earlier. I’ve already agreed to meet him. I’m sorry,” Skylar replied. 
That was a fact. She happened to be on the phone with Steven when Joe called her earlier. 
He asked her out for dinner that night, saying they hadn’t caught up in a long time. Plus, Christopher and Maisy’s issue had already come to an end. 
e evidence had 
Maisy and the rest of the Williams family wouldn’t be able to do anything funny after all the been presented. So, he suggested that they meet up and have a chat. 
Joe listened to Skylar’s reason for turning him down over the phone. He frowned and said, “Okay. I’ll let Grandma know.” 
“Thank you, Mr. Martin.” 
“Don’t worry about it.” 
Skylar hung up. Joe lowered his head and looked at his phone. The look in his eyes intensified. 
She didn’t want to go to the hot springs with him? 
Deep down, a sudden feeling of gloom came over him. 
He tugged at his necktie and threw his phone aside. He then picked up a proposal from a pled documents beside him and looked through it. 
He didn’t have to go to the hot springs and waste his time. This was exactly the outcome that he wantes 
The Williams family was in chaos. Jeffrey and Peter wererit around. Only Kenny and Samuel had gone 
home. 
They held their phones in their hands as they questioned Maisy. 
Sadie sprawled on the sofa. She was slowly returning to her senses after spacing out for an hour 
Maisy’s eyes filled with tears as she stared at Kenny and Samuel. She acted as if the had been extremely 
wronged. 
“It’s true that I was falsely accused. I don’t know these people. The person in the videos isn’t me 
Most of the exposés on the photo were saying that it was true. 
Photos of Maisy and Christopher going to a hotel were captured, but there were no photos of her and Christopher in bed. 
As long as there were no photos of them in bed, there was no proof that they had slept together. 
“Are you sure it’s not you, Maisy?” Sadie searched up the photos and videos on the internet repeatedly. The more she looked at them, the colder her heart became. 
Maisy had thought of her excuses. 
“It really isn’t me, Mom. I’m sure they’ve messed with it and used Al to create deepfakes. Mom, I feel like Skylar had planned this all along. She planned to break up with Christopher, then planned how to deal with me. She had planted all these people beforehand.” 
###Chapter:65
If no one helped Skylar, how did the sentiments on the internet change so quickly? 
Malsy figured that she had underestimated Skylar, 
She assumed that Skylar was smitten with Christopher. Even if she argued with him, it would be minor. 
By the looks of it, it seemed like Skylar had already found a backing. 
Kenny frowned. 
Upon hearing what Malsy said, Samuel had a sudden realization. 
He slapped his thigh and exclaimed, “I underestimated Skylar. She was able to turn the tables within an hour. This means that she has found an exceptionally rich backing! Otherwise, how could she turn the tables with only those videos, photos, and her so–called high school classmates?” 
“That’s not surprising, since she does have the looks.” Kenny looked glum. 
The matter had caused their family utter humiliation. 
“I believe that Maisy would never have eyes for Christopher. Skylar must’ve been the one who was jealous that we favored Maisy more. So, she became conceited and wanted to mess with her. 
I 
“Speaking of which, I think that she won’t be able to really take Maisy down,” Samuel shared his insights 
with a frown. 
Sadie looked at Kenny and Samuel, then at Maisy. She hesitated. 
Was it really deepfake AI? 
Her doubt only lasted momentarily. Maisy was a child whom she raised. Moreover, once she saw Maisy’s. pitiful face, she thought, “How could she be lying?” 
So, did that 
that mean that Skye really found a financial backer? How could she let herself go and find herself a sugar daddy? 
Sadie felt uneasy. 
“Samuel, have the PR team think of a win–win solution. Also, tell them to be mindful of Skye.” Sadie spoke 
up after some thought. 
Maisy was stunned. She looked at Sadie in surprise. 
Was she beginning to care about Skylar now?” 
Maisy nodded and cried. She acted as if she was being thoughtful toward Skylar and Sadie. 
“That’s right. She found a financial backer and she has some misunderstanding with us now. Mom is also very worried about us. We should find a solution that works for both parties and let this thing come to an 
end.” 
Chapte 65 
“Maisy is still the more mature one,” Sadie sighed. 
With a gloomy expression on his face, Kenny remarked, “If she really found a sugar daddy, I’ll never acknowledge her as my sister. What an embarrassment! How could a Williams stoop so low as to have a sugar daddy?” 
Maisy sighed, “He’s someone who’s able to have so much influerice in Jipsburg City and resolve this issue with such speed. Skylar’s sugar daddy… I’m afraid… I’m afraid that he’d be around Dad’s age.” 
Maisy rolled her eyes and started speculating in spite. 
He was surely an elderly man. 
“Something like this is common in the entertainment industry. Even men without much family background could become sugar babies, let alone women who are somewhat attractive. But, it really is disgusting to know that something like this is happening near us.” 
Samuel, too, looked upset. 
Previously, Sadie was still feeling bad for Skylar. However, she seemed to have been grossed out after hearing her children’s comments. 
“It hasn’t been long since she returned. Yet, she was able to cause so much trouble,” she grumbled. 
“There’s a way!” Samuel fixed his eyes on his phone. 
The troubled look on his face disappeared after he saw the solution given by the PR department. 
It was 7:00 pm. Steven had arrived at a barbecue restaurant along a food street ten minutes earlier. He placed orders for meat skewers and drinks. 
When Skylar arrived, the roasted meat skewers had just been served. 
She caught a whiff of the barbecued meat and began to salivate. 
Back when she was in high school, Steven studied at the university. He would work hard and live thriftily. Once he had saved up some money, he would take her, Charles and Harvey to a barbecue restaurant. 
The food was reasonably priced and tasty. 
“I was just craving barbecue. You really get me, Steven.” 
Steven grinned as he watched Skylar eyeing the food with greed. He concealed the worry and suspicion 
in his eyes. 
“Hurry up and sit down then. Have the skewers while they’re still hot. I ordered quite a lot today, so I’m sure there’ll be more than enough for you.
###Chapter:66
“If only Harvey wasn’t about to have his college entrance exams. I would have gotten him to join us,” 
Steven said. 
He looked at Skylar and realized how much she had grown. Suddenly, he was filled with a sense of pride. 
He was also reminded of his youngest brother. 
Skylar sat down. “His college entrance exams will end in a month. Our entire family should go on a holiday. I’ve earned some money from restoring antique art recently. I’ll be in charge of our family vacation this time.” 
“Did you learn how to restore antique paintings from Grandma Viola?” Steven asked. He wasn’t surprised. 
When they were in the countryside, many of their neighbors said that Skylar often read books at Viola’s house. They weren’t sure if she even understood what was written in the books. 
He had been to Viola’s home and seen that she would sometimes work with some broken porcelain pieces. 
When he went over again the next time, some of those broken pieces were restored into various antique porcelain. 
Furthermore, Viola was skilled at drawing. Even though he left the countryside earlier to pursue his high school studies, he could tell that she wasn’t an average elderly woman living in the
countryside. 
That said, for some reason, he had never asked Skylar what she learned from Viola. 
None of their neighbors had questioned, either. 
It was erhaps due to the air of intimidation around Viola. No one would ask about anything she wasn’t willing to discuss. 
By the looks of it, Viola might have passed her skills down to Skylar, 
“Yeah, Grandma Viola taught me a lot of things. I was just unable to look for restoration work previously. Not long ago, Grandma Viola wrote me a letter. She told me that I could start doing restoration work on vintage items.” Skylar shared openly. 
Steven nodded in delight. “You’ve grown up, Skye. 
“How have you been, Steven? I heard about someone stealing your research paper when we spoke on the phone before. Has this been resolved?” Skylar asked, concerned. 
Steven’s eyes quivered. “It has. Don’t worry.” 
Skylar noticed the change in Steven’s gaze. She remained calm and smiled. “This barbecue restaurant is good. They grilled the meat really well.” 
Steven gazed at Skylar with a loving and gentle look in his eyes. 
Not long after, only a few meat skewers were left on the table. 
Skylar rubbed her belly and commented, “I’m stuffed.” 
It was indeed more freeing to dine with family. She didn’t have to watch her table manners when she ate. “I’m really full too. Here, have some fruit juice.” Steven offered as he handed her a glass of juice. 
With a few gulps, Skylar drank half a glass of fruit juice. The greasiness in her mouth melted away with the juice. 
Skylar was satiated. She smiled at Steven and asked, “Did you have something to ask me, Steven?” 
Steven and Skylar had grown up together. They knew each other very well. She had realized his hesitation when she arrived at dinner earlier. 
Steven laughed. “You’ve always been quick–witted. There’s really not much that I can hide from you. I do have something I wanted to ask you.” 
“Sure. Go ahead.” 
Steven stayed quiet for a moment before saying. “This morning, they still had the upper hand over the issue between you, Maisy, and Christopher. And they were in control of the online sentiments. 
“After that, everything changed in just an hour. Many verified accounts showed up. If not for someone paying them heftily, they would’ve never voiced out their opinions so easily. Tell me, Skye, who’s helping you?” 
Skylar was stunned. “I didn’t ask anyone for help.” 
She was in front of the police station this morning when she found out that things had taken a turn for the bette At that time, she did feel that it was rather odd. 
However, the call from Natalie had interrupted her thoughts. She hadn’t thought too much about it after that. 
“You didn’t ask anyone for help?” That didn’t make Steven feel relieved. In fact, his heart felt even heavier. Not only did Skylar have a lot on her mind lately, but she might’ve also come across some problems. 
Skylar shook her head. “I didn’t.” 
Steven took a deep breath silently. Maybe he was the one overthinking it. He had watched Skylar grow up. He knew very well what her personality was like. 
She was kind yet strong. She wouldn’t be defeated by challenges so easily, and she wouldn’t do anything that would cost her personal life. 
might’ve been the Williamses‘ business competitor who wanted to seize this opportunity to subdue them.” Steven guessed. 
However, for Skylar, someone else came to mind. 
Could it have been Joe? 
But she quickly dismissed that thought. 
Joe was wary of her in the first place. He didn’t even have a good impression of her. If anything were to happen to her, it would become a good opportunity for him to declare to Gloria that she didn’t deserve to be her granddaughter–in–law. 
###Chapter:67
How could Joe possibly help her? 
But business was like war. The Williams family had been dominating Jipsburg for years. It wasn’t surprising that they’d unintentionally offended some people along the way. 
“You’re really lucky. Someone’s targeting the Williams family at just the right moment,” Steven remarker! 
Skylar found Steven’s analysis convincing 
It didn’t matter if they couldn’t figure out who was behind it. The favorable outcome was all that mattered. 
As the two shared a smile, Paul captured their candid moment. He was dining in the building across the street. 
Paul had plans with college friends that day, so he came to an old store for a barbecue. However, he hadn’t expected to see Skylar with a man at a restaurant. 
Though the man had his back turned, Paul could tell he was probably handsome. Otherwise, Skylar wouldn’t be smiling so brightly and naturally at him. 
After a brief internal struggle, Paul decided to send the photos to Joe. After all, Joe paid his bills, and Gloria had asked him to keep an eye on Joe and Skylar. 
She even asked him to play matchmaker if the opportunity arose. 
Paul felt like this was his chance. He wondered if Joe would feel jealous seeing Skylar smile so radiantly at another man. 
Upon closer inspection, the man didn’t seem like someone infatuated with Skylar. 
Without hesitation, Paul selected a few photos and sent them to Joe. 
Joe had just arrived at Galaxy Villa. He hadn’t even changed his shpes when he heard the notification sound on his phone. 
Pulling out his phone, he saw the photos Paul had sent. In the bustling crowd, a beautiful woman was smiling warmly at the man across from her. 
It was a smile Joe had never seen before. 
It exuded a hint of coyness as well as a sense of dependence. It gave the impression that being looked at by her made everything seem wonderful. 
Joe’s gaze suddenly turned cold as he shifted his focus to the man. Who was he? 
At that moment, Paul eagerly waited with his phone in hand. With just one word from Joe, he could determine whether Joe had feelings for Skylar or not. 
Just then, he saw that Skylar and the man were about to leave. He finally saw the man’s face. 
He was shocked, for the man was just as attractive as Joe. He looked handsome and dignified. He was also very protective of Skylar. 
Just as a 
drunk person stumbled past Skylar, seemingly about to bump into her, the man immediately stepped in to shield her and held her close under his arm. 
Paul quickly snapped a few more photos. He even recorded a video of the two leaving together. 
Their height difference made them the perfect match. 
Without hesitation, Paul sent the photos and video to Joe again. They were sure to shake things up. 
###Chapter:68
Joe watched the video. 
I 
In the footage, Skylar and the man seemed incredibly at ease with each other, even more so than the 
photos suggested. 
Frowning, Joe replied, “Seems like you have a lot of free time.” 
Reading Joe’s reply, Paul felt his heart sink to his stomach. He had the urge to reply that he wasn’t free at 
He realized that Joe probably didn’t like Skylar. Otherwise, he wouldn’t be so indifferent. 
Suddenly, he felt like he was about to be sent to the frontier. He vowed never to probe Joe again. 
But was Skylar also not too concerned about whether Joe had feelings for her? 
Joe loosened his tie forcefully, causing one of his shirt buttons to fall to the ground. 
He glanced at the fallen button before picking it up. The finely crafted button shimmered under the light in 
his palm. 
As he fiddled with it, he checked his watch. It was 8:10 pm. 
His eyes, already devoid of much emotion, grew even colder. 
After leaving the restaurant, Skylar was about to part ways with Steven. 
Just as she said goodbye, Steven got straight into her car. “I’ll see you off at your home first, then I’ll head 
back to my dorm.” 
“It’s almost 8:00 pm. Let me drop you off first, Skylar said as she was about to start her car. 
Steven’s expression darkened. He looked at Skylar seriously. “I’ve spent the most time with you since we 
were kids. I can tell when something’s bothering you, Skye. Did something happen?” 
Today, it was just the two of them. Steven could tell if Skylar had something on her mind. 
These days, Skylar seemed to have become a different person. The sadness and loneliness she 
emanated suffocated him. It was the kind of suffocation he would feel when he found out that his dear 
little sister was bullied behind his back. 
Skylar knew Steven was worried about her. 
Gripping the steering wheel, she wanted to tell him about her wedding, but then she remembered her covert marriage agreement with Joe. 
After a few minutes of hesitation, she said, “I got married.” 
“Married?” Steven was shocked. 
He knew that Skylar had just broken up with Christopher, so how did she end up marrying someone so quickly? 
He wondered what Skylar had been through during this time. 
wasn’t usually so impulsive. 
“With whom? How old is he, and what does he do? How did you two meet?” 
He bombarded Skylar with questions. He worried that she might have been hurt by Christopher and ended up being deceived by some untrustworthy guy in her vulnerability. 
Skylar answered earnestly, “It’s someone Grandma Gloria introduced to me. We got together after careful 
consideration, but I can’t bring him to meet you guys. 
“He has a stable job, and he’s five years older than me. Although it was a flash wedding, he treats me 
quite well.” 
“So you married him before falling for him? Skye, have you been reading too many novels? Are you so confident that you’ll fall for him?” Steven’s face turned completely dark. 
He really wanted to meet this man and find out what kind of spell he had cast on Skylar to make her rush into marriage like this. 
“I haven’t thought about that. Novels are just novels, and I’m not the female lead. We’re just… living together, nothing more. Don’t worry, Steven. I’ve experienced more than enough. I know what I’m
doing.” After Skylar finished speaking, she started the car. 
###Chapter:69
Steven still looked grim. “Did that guy buy this car for you?” 
Skylar was still so young. How could she just live with any random man? 
The thought of her possibly being heartbroken because of Christopher made Steven’s heart ache. He couldn’t suppress the urge to go and beat Christopher to a pulp. 
“I bought it myself. Our family’s life will improve from now on,” Skylar said. 
Steven frowned. New energy vehicles like this probably cost over ten thousand dollars. Skylar had been doing restoration work recently and could indeed earn some money. 
“Are you living together with him?” 
“Yeah, at his place,” Skylar said as she looked ahead at the bustling traffic. Suddenly, she felt a weight lift 
off her chest. 
Steven fell silent and didn’t speak for 30 minutes. 
As they neared his staff dormitory, he finally spoke up. “Skye, find a chance for me to meet him.” 
“I’ll arrange for you to meet him after some time. But don’t tell Mom and Peter about my marriage yet.. They’ll definitely worry.” 
Skylar’s eyes flashed in hesitation. Let Joe meet Steven? He probably wouldn’t agree to meet her family. 
She knew her place. Her relationship with Joe was only bound by a paper agreement. 
When the car stopped, Steven sighed heavily. “Does he treat you well?” 
“Yeah, but he’s just a bit… aloof.” Skylar chose her words carefully. 
“Being aloof might not always be a bad thing. It’s better than Christopher’s sweet talk,” Steven said, feeling slightly relieved. 
When he got out of the car, he was still worried. “Skye, tell me if anything happens.” 
“I will,” Skylar obediently replied. 
Christopher scratched his already messed–up hair vigorously as he read the endless stream of rumors. online at his home. He almost crushed his phone in his hand. 
When he asked Maisy, she said they were trying to figure things out. 
He regretted it deeply. He shouldn’t have issued any statements. There were tens of thousands of comments cursing him under his post. 
Although the buzz had died down somewhat due to the Williams family’s suppression, he had been fired from work. 
Chuote 69 
Suddenly, Amelia called. “Chris, is what they’re saying online true? Are you dating Malsy?” 
Christopher’s eyes were bloodshot. “Mom, w–we’re not really dating.” 
“I remember you saying before that although Skylar has returned to her biological family, they don’t seem to like her. They like Maisy instead, right?” Amella asked. 
“Yeah, what about it? I’m really frustrated right now. Can I talk to you tomorrow when I go to the hospital? Christopher scratched his head again. 
*Since Skylar is so ungrateful and even exposed you online, why don’t you take this opportunity to really date Maisy? Try to get into the Williamses‘ company. By then, you’ll work for their company as their son–in- law. With your abilities, their company will even be yours eventually. 
Amelia had lofty expectations. In her eyes, no one could compare to Christopher. 
There was suddenly a glimmer of hope in Christopher’s bloodshot eyes. “You reminded me…” 
Skylar returned to Galaxy Villa at 10:00 pm. 
The lights were still on inside. It seemed that Joe had come back earlier. 
She was about to go upstairs when she saw Joe sitting on the couch. He had a steaming cup of tea in his 
hand. 
A faint scent of herbs wafted into her nose. 
###Chapter:70
It must be the tea bag she gave Joe yesterday. 
“Mr. Martin,” Skylar greeted him as she was about to go upstairs. 
Joe glanced at her. 
When Skylar met his cold eyes, she felt he was slightly off that day. 
Or maybe not. He was usually this cold and distant. 
“Could you do me a favor?” Joe asked. 
Skylar was surprised. “What favor?” She hadn’t expected him to seek her help voluntarily. 
Seeing his frown, she wondered if something was really bothering him. 
She walked over. 
“I have a headache. The massage you gave me at Pearlhall Residence last time was really effective.” 
Joe’s slender fingers paused at his temple. He rubbed it a few times, but it didn’t seem to alleviate his headache much. 
“Is your headache very bad? Where exactly does it hurt?” Skylar asked gently. 
Joe was stunned for a moment when he heard her soft voice. He then pointed to where it hurt. 
“Let me try. But massaging the head can only provide some relief. You should consider trying acupuncture if you have time.” 
Skylar walked to the back of the couch and stood behind Joe. 
“Acupuncture?” Joe instinctively resisted the idea of a long needle piercing his head. 
“It’s a traditional practice. Sometimes, it’s more effective than modern medicine. Now, relax and close 
at 
your eyes,” Skylar said as she placed her hand on his head. 
Joe closed his eyes. 
The acupuncture points Skylar targeted that day were different from the last time. It should effectively 
alleviate his headache. 
Half an hour later, Skylar felt a bit helpless as she looked at Joe, who had fallen asleep. 
He was six feet two inches tall. She couldn’t possibly carry him. Besides, waking him up seemed a bit cruel, given his poor sleep schedule. 
Her 
gaze 
fell on the neatly folded blanket near her. She grabbed it and covered Joe with it before quietly going upstairs. 
After taking a shower, Skylar lay in bed and checked her phone. 
Steven had asked her half an hour ago if she had arrived home. Aber eling to him, she b 
through the trending topic on the Internet 
The Williams family had been quiet for almost a day, but the buzz had indeed died down. In a couple of days, people would forget about what had happened 
There were comments from Sadie and Samuel on her Instagram, but she had read any of them. 
Skylar opened her chat with Caleb and looked at the job posting he had sent her 
Alexander’s team was currently the best team in restoring artifacts 
After careful consideration, she revised her résumé and selected several comparison photos showcasing her successful restoration projects from her album. Then, she emailed them to Aexander’s team 
Following that, she opened her Amazon account 
Skylar had recently opened an antique appraisal store on Amazon. Her prices ranged from 20 to 500 dollars, depending on the item to be appraised. She mainly accepted orders at random 
While she was on her way back to Galaxy Villa, someone placed an order and sent her several pares to ask if they were genuine. 
She asked the customer to take a few more pictures and videos according to her requirements Athough appraising items through photos carried some risks, she found herself more sensitive that before 
There were too many fake items on the market, and the counterfating methods were endless. However, a fake was still fake. 
After earning 50 dollars, she was about to get out of bed to turn off the light 
Suddenly, she remembered Joe downstairs. She had forgotten to tum off the lights when she had gone upstairs. 
She then went downstairs quietly and found Joe still sleeping on the couch just as she had let him earlier. However, the blanket had fallen to the floor. 
He could easily catch a cold sleeping like that. So, she walked over and poles to the banker, covering him with it again. 
Just as she straightened up, her arm was caught, and she was pulled onto the couch 
###Chapter:71
“Ah!” Skylar cried out in pain.. 
Joe’s eyes appeared before her. They were devoid of any sleepiness. His eyes were so dark–it was as if they could devour the night sky. 
His hand still gripped her arm tightly, with a fierce strength that seemed like it could snap her arm in half. 
“I was being kind to your Skylar exclaimed tearfully. 
Joe seemed to realize only then. His eyes showed regret. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to be so rough.” 
It had been an instinctive reaction. He thought someone was trying to abduct him again. In his drowsy 
state, he seemed to have returned to that dark warehouse. 
“Did you have a nightmare?” Skylar asked while rubbing her bruised arm, exasperated. 
He was really too rough. If he had grabbed her neck, it would’ve been broken for sure. He was definitely 
trained 
She silently swore to maintain a safe distance from Joe in the future. She didn’t want to end up dead for 
no reason one day. 
When Joe saw the bruises on Skylar’s arm, he frowned. “Let me take you to the hospital.” 
*No need. I’ll just apply some ointment.” Skylar refused. 
It was already midnight. There was no need to bother the doctors at the hospital at this late hour. These bruises were nothing to her anyway. 
Despite growing up in the countryside, her skin was naturally delicate. Even a slight bump or knock would leave severe bruises. However, they would heal in a couple of days with some ointment. 
Joe felt guilty. His eyes lingered on her bruised arm. 
The fingerprints were so clear that they reminded him of rough sex. 
He lifted his gaze and caught sight of Skylar’s glossy red lips. Instantly, his throat tightened. 
He frowned and stood up abruptly. “I’ll go get the first aid kit.” 
When Joe returned downstairs, he had a large box in his hands. 
Skylar thought it was more like a treasure chest than a first aid kit. 
As the kit was opened, it revealed an array of medications. 
Joe rummaged through it and found a tube of ointment. 
Skylar reached out to take it 
“It’s hard for you to apply it nicely. Let me do it for you.” Joe opened the tube cover and squeezed some white cream onto his fingertip. 
Skylar didn’t resist. “Okay.” 
Despite his cold demeanor, he was actually quite attentive. He gently applied the ointment to her skin with his slightly rough fingertips. 
The room was silent, and they were sitting so close on the couch that they could hear each other’s 
breaths. 
Skylar suddenly felt that they were too close. It was as if their breaths were intertwining. 
Joe’s gaze lingered on her long, trembling eyelashes for a few seconds. 
“That should be enough,” Skylar quickly reminded him when she saw him squeeze out more ointment. 
She only had sensitive skin, not fragile. She knew he didn’t do it on purpose, and he took responsibility, so 
she wasn’t so angry anymore. 
Her arm should be fine with so much ointment applied. 
As Joe looked at the glaring bruise on her fair arm, his eyes darkened. He glanced at his watch and asked, “Did I fall asleep?” 
“Yeah, for about 40 minutes.” When Skylar stood up, she felt a bit dizzy from drowsiness. 
After answering him, she added, “I’ll go rest now, Mr. Martin.” 
“Wait.” 
###Chapter:72
Skylar turned toward Joe, tilting her head. 
“Let’s go pick up Grandma together if you’re free tomorrow morning She’ll be discharged tomorrow.” Joe’s gaze fell on Skylar’s half–lidded eyes. 
Had she been watching over him this whole time? 
The thought crossed his mind, but it quickly dissipated. 
Skylar now wore a comfortable home outfit. Her long hair, clearly washed, cascaded down her back. With her light makeup removed, her face looked pristine and youthful. Dressed in an extremely conservative, pink–toned outfit, she appeared no more than 18 years old. 
If it weren’t for her attire, he might have thought she was deliberately coming downstairs again to seduce him. 
“Okay.” Skylar nodded and headed upstairs. She was really too tired, 
Joe watched her go up the stairs before settling back on the couch. His gaze lingered on the blanket that had been left on the floor. 
Had she come downstairs to cover him with the blanket because she was worried he might catch a cold? 
Joe’s eyes darkened slightly in contemplation. 
The next morning, Skylar went downstairs to make breakfast. 
There was milk in the fridge, so she heated it up and fried some eggs and ham to make sandwiches. 
As she was preparing breakfast, Joe came downstairs in casual attire. 
They were going to the hospital together later, so Skylar made two breakfasts. “Would you like some breakfast? I made sandwiches, and there’s milk.” 
Joe glanced at the table. The sandwiches looked appetizing, no different from those sold outside. 
Though he was unaccustomed to eating breakfast, he nodded when he saw the faint smile on Skylar’s face. “Sure.” 
An hour later, the two arrived at the hospital. 
Edgar had already completed Gloria’s discharge procedures. 
After picking up Gloria, they headed straight back to Pearlhall Residence. After a brief conversation with Gloria at Pearlhall Residence, they left. 
“Where are you going? I’ll drive you,” Joe sald. He was driving that day. 
Skylar sat in the passenger seat and looked outside, but she didn’t see any bus stops nearby. It was already 9:00 am. Knowing Joe was busy, she said, “You can drop me off here. I’ll just call an Uber.” 
Joe glanced at her. “There aren’t many vehicles passing by near Pearlhall Estate. Let me just take you there.” 
“Thank you, Mr. Martin. Please drop me off at the antique street on Nova Avenue,” Skylar said without further hesitation. 
Getting a cab around here was indeed difficult. She had promised Daniel that she would fir h the restoration of two ancient paintings as soon as possible. These delays over the past few days had set her back significantly. 
At the mention of the antique street, Joe raised an eyebrow slightly. Still, he didn’t ask her what she was going to do. After all, her affairs were none of his concern. There was no need for him to be so curious 
about her. 
Just then, Skylar’s phone rang. Glancing at the screen, she saw it was a call from Natalie. 
###Chapter:73
Just as Skylar answered the call, Natalie’s voice erupted from the phone with a stream of curses. 
“That bitch Maisy is unbelievable! First, she quelled the buzz about this issue, and now she claims that the person in the video isn’t her. Then, she hired a woman who looks like her from afar to say that she’s the one who’s frequently seen with Christopher! 
“Maisy has completely cleared her name! Even Christopher says that the person in the photos and videos is all that woman. It’s that woman who has a crush on him, and the video was taken out of conte 
“What’s worse is that the woman has come forward to admit it and apologize for causing trouble for Christopher and Maisy. With some fake comments, Maisy and Christopher are suddenly innocent!” 
Skylar sneered. “They must have spent a lot of money on this plan.” 
“What goes around comes around. They’ll get their karma for sure. My dear Skye, I’m going to go crazy with their antics. Don’t stand me up tonight, okay?” Natalie reminded Skylar. 
“I won’t. See you at 6:00 pm.” 
After ending the call, Skylar noticed Joe looking at her. 
Her lips parted slightly. The matter had ended just like this, leaving her with mixed feelings. She didn’t know what to say to him. 
However, Joe spoke first. “Do the Williamses treat you poorly?” 
It was a question she had been hearing a lot these days, but she never expected Joe to ask her too. 
She looked ahead. Her gaze was deep as if hiding some unspeakable troubles, but she replied calmly,” They have nothing to do with me.” 
Although she didn’t directly answer his question, her statement made it clear enough. 
Joe glanced at her thoughtfully. 
Maisy stared at her card, which only had a hundred thousand dollars left, with a dark expression. 
Five million dollars! That woman had asked for five million dollars! 
The person she had hired to clear her name online was Amy Wright, her former college classmate. 
Amy had undergone several plastic surgeries during college to look just like Maisy. When they graduated from college, many classmates thought Amy was her sister or at least related. 
Back then, she had thought Amy was sick, but she didn’t expect her to actually be of use. However, Amy was being too greedy, demanding five million dollars at the drop of a hat. 
But considering her reputation, five million dollars was nothing–as long as it didn’t affect her marriage to 
Joe. 
Noticing Maisy’s low spirits, Samuel said, “I’d feel upset in your shoes too. Now that everyone knows you’ve been wronged, let Skylar apologize to you when she comes back. She’s always jumping to conclusions. She should take this as a lesson and reflect on her actions.” 
“Samuel, give Skye a call and ask her to come back today. We need to have a serious conversation as a family,” Sadie said. 
For some reason, she felt uneasy thinking about Skylar, like she had done something wrong. 
Samuel rolled his eyes. “I’ve tried calling her, Mom, but she won’t answer. Let’s not bother with her. Look at all the trouble she’s been causing lately. I’m embarrassed to have a sister like her.” 
“Maisy, why don’t you call her?” Sadie suggested. 
Maisy felt even worse. Why was Sadie suddenly so concerned about Skylar these past few days? 
Yet she kept her displeasure to herself. “Fine, I’ll call her now.” 
The phone rang for a long time, but it was left unanswered. 
Maisy looked at Sadie helplessly. “Mom, she isn’t picking up my calls. We don’t even know where she’s staying. How can we find her?” 
She thought that Skylar might be lying in the arms of some old man, doing some despicable acts to please him. How could she have time to answer her calls? 
Sadie frowned. “I’ll call Janine and ask how she raised Skye. How could she teach Skye to be a mistress? My daughter has been corrupted by her.” 
###Chapter:74
Sadie tried calling Janine several times, but there was no answer. 
She didn’t know that Janine had blocked her number since the Incident at the hotel. So, while Sadie could 
make the call, there was no response on the other end. 
“They must have agreed on this!” Sadie’s face turned extremely ugly. If it weren’t for her manners, she would have thrown her phone in anger. 
Just then, Jeffrey called. After finishing the call with him, Sadie felt somewhat relieved. She sai Maisy, “Let me take you shopping today. Your dad said he’ll take you to Martin Group tomorrow.” 
“Tomorrow?” Maisy stood up sharply. 
“Yeah, that’s what your dad said.” Sadie nodded. 
Samuel was also excited. “Maisy, I’ll pay for the clothes and jewelry you buy today.” 
“Thanks, Samuel.” 
Christopher had asked around, but no one knew where Skylar was. 
Due to the reversal of the situation online, many of their friends sympathized with him. They believed that he was being victimized by a persistent woman, so anyone with information would tell Christopher. 
But now, Christopher had no choice but to contact Natalie. 
Natalie was Skylar’s best friend. Perhaps she knew where Skylar was. 
When Natalie answered the phone, she was busy making soup and didn’t bother to check who was calling. 
“Hello, Natalie. It’s Christopher.” 
“Who did you say you are?” Natalie put down the ladle. 
“Christopher, Skylar’s boyfriend. We’ve met before…” 
“I’ve met many people. Who are you? Besides, Skylar doesn’t have a boyfriend!” Natalie promptly hung up. 
Glancing at the caller ID on her phone, she clicked her tongue. “Disgusting jerk.” 
With her slender fingers, she tapped on the screen and blocked Christopher’s number. 
A scumbag like him didn’t deserve a spot in her contacts. Dreaming of finding Skylar through her was ridiculous. 
Skylar had been busy until 5:00 pm to catch up on the work she had fallen behind on these past few days. 
When she came out, Caleb handed her a glass of water. “Have some water.” 
Skylar took it gratefully. “It’s 5:00 pm. Why haven’t you left yet?” 
“I’m waiting to leave with you.” 
Seeing Caleb staring at her, she smiled. “Do you have something you want to say?” 
Caleb blinked. “Is it that obvious?” 
He did indeed have something to say. He just didn’t know how to broach the subject. 
“You should usually be gone at this time. Go on. Spill it out.” Skylar was quite fond of Caleb. 
Caleb wasn’t one to hide his thoughts, so he immediately blurted out, “I saw online that your ex– boyfriend seems to have been wronged. Are you going to get back together with him? 
“You should know that it takes two to tango 
Even if he was pursued, he sure wasn’t firm enough in 
rejecting the woman. Otherwise, how could he be so easily kissed?” 
Christopher’s previous accusation that Skylar was overly suspicious had made Caleb feel that Christopher wasn’t worthy of her. 
###Chapter:75
People should take responsibility for their actions. How could Christopher shift the blame onto Skylar? 
After drinking the glass of water, Skylar still felt a bit thirsty, so she poured another one. 
Smiling, she said, “You’re absolutely right. You’re so young but so perceptive. You sure have a bright future ahead of you.” 
In her past life, some people had spoken ill of Christopher, but she believed they didn’t truly unde and him. Yet Christopher had deceived her for over seven years. 
Caleb froze. “Really?” 
“Absolutely. You have potential, and you’re also right about my breakup with that scumbag. Is there anything else you’d like to ask?” Skylar smiled. 
Caleb had thought he would need to give Skylar a lengthy lecture to open her eyes to the truth about Christopher and help her recognize that he was trustworthy. 
But she had already seen through Christopher’s true colors on her own. 
Caleb didn’t know how to proceed. He scratched his head. “I guess I was worrying for nothing.” 
“That’s not true. After what you said, I can see the true colors of that scumbag even more clearly. I’ll never believe his lies again.” 
Skylar took off her apron and grabbed her bag from the storage cabinet. 
Caleb’s eyes sparkled. “Really? That’s great. I know so many girls who are blinded by love. They won’t 
listen, no matter what others say.” 
“Lookers–on see most of the game, or maybe those people are just really good at disguising themselves. You often have to pay a heavy price to see through a scumbag’s true colors.” 
A glint of pain flashed in Skylar’s eyes. It seemed like she had been deeply hurt. 
Caleb was taken aback by that. He placed a hand over his heart, feeling a sudden ache. 
“Are you… really okay?” he asked cautiously. 
“I’m fine,” Skylar said, glancing at the time. “I have to go. I have plans with friends at 6:00 pm.” 
Caleb blinked several times. Noticing no sadness on Skylar’s face, he realized he had been imagining too much. “Oh, I just remembered something. Have you sent your résumé to Mr. Gardner Senior’s restoration 
team?” 
If Skylar joined Alexander’s team, he would often get to see her in the future. 
Skylar had reached the door by then and glanced back at Caleb. “Yes, but his team requires experience and expertise. I’m afraid I won’t make it. Anyway, thank you. I have to go. See you tomorrow.” 
“You’ll definitely- Before Caleb could finish his sentence, Skylar had already walked out. 
Suddenly, an idea struck him. He decided not to go home yet. He’d go buy Alexander’s favorite food to please him. 
He had to make sure Alexander agreed to interview Skylar. 
Once Skylar got the interview opportunity, Alexander would surely be surprised by her performance. 
Skylar and Natalie had arranged to meet at a restaurant. 
It was a place they had frequented since their freshman year of college. The place was not very big, but the food was affordable and delicious. 
Whenever they visited after graduation, they reminisced about their college days. The taste remained unchanged, evoking nostalgia. 
As they sat down, the owner recognized them. “Did you both graduate from that nearby college?” 
“Yeah, we graduated over half a year ago–We came all the way here today just to have your stew. It’s a one–hour drive, but totally worth it,” Natalie replied. 
The owner couldn’t stop smiling. “We’re closing down, so this might be your last chance to enjoy our stew. I’ll give you some extra side dishes today.” 
Skylar was surprised. “Why are you closing down?” 
“We’re all going to be relocated. This entire area is being demolished. Martin Group bought the land. It seems some bigwigs are here today to inspect the area, probably to check the situation.” The owner pointed outside, where a group of people was gathered. 
Skylar and Natalie looked over. 
When Skylar spotted Joe in the midst of the crowd, she froze. 
###Chapter:76
Standing in the middle, Joe exuded a somewhat oppressive presence. It made people hesitant to meet his gaze or harbor any contemptuous thoughts. 
After he scanned the area, it seemed he had made a decision regarding the redevelopment of the land. 
“Is that Joe? Wow, we’re lucky! If I weren’t married and devoted only to Jeremy, I might have fallen for him,” Natalie exclaimed, her eyes shining as she looked at Joe. 
Suddenly, she had an idea. 
She turned to Skylar. “Since you’ve broken up with Christopher, why don’t you work at Martin Group and try to win Joe over? How about becoming his wife? Once you become his wife, your biological parents will surely regret everything. 
“And look at his figure! Among all the men in suits, he stands out the most. I bet he has abs and a well- defined body. Look at those long legs. You’re a stunning beauty. With a little charm, you might be able to 
seduce him.” 
Skylar looked at Natalie, feeling amused. She almost blurted out that she not only knew Joe but was also 
married to him. 
But she had agreed to Joe’s request for a covert marriage, so she pretended not to know him. 
“Even if 1 stripped naked in front of him, he wouldn’t bat an eye. Let’s just enjoy our stew,” Skylar said 
firmly. 
Natalie persisted in her fantasy. “Even I’d be tempted if you stripped naked, let alone a man. If you lay on 
the bed like that, any man, even if he’s gay, wouldn’t be able to resist.” 
“You’re exaggerating. Does Jeremy know about your wild imagination?” Skylar teased. 
Natalie chuckled and stopped. She knew Skylar and Joe could never develop a relationship as she had 
imagined. They didn’t even know each other. Even if Skylar did join Martin Group, she and Joe were like ships passing in the night. 
At the mention of Jeremy, Natalie pursed her lips and said, “I should’ve come out with you yesterday. He 
was stuck with work until the wee hours of the morning. All that cooking I did went to waste. 
“Enough about me. Let’s talk about you. What are you going to do? Christopher has been looking for everywhere, even calling me. Are you going to forgive him and give him another chance?” 
“No.” Skylar ate a piece of beef. Her eyes were lowered, concealing the chill beneath them. 
“Wait… I think Joe is looking at you,” Natalie said excitedly, seeing Joe’s gaze through the window. 
Skylar glanced over, meeting his eyes. After that, they calmly looked away as if they had exchanged a 
secret signal. 
“You must be mistaken,” Skylar said. 
you 
Natalie murmured, “The way he looked at you just now seemed like he was surprised, as if he recognized you. But since you two don’t know each other, I must’ve been mistaken. Let’s enjoy our stew. It’s been a while since I last came. The smell alone brings back memories.” 
As they ate, Skylar joked, “I remember you wanted to be a police officer when you were young, right?” 
“Yeah.” 
“I think you have the talent for it.” 
Natalie had shown remarkable insight in recognizing Joe’s familiarity with Skylar. It was a pitys. didn’t pursue a career in law enforcement. 
“How did you figure that out? I wanted to go to the police academy, but my family didn’t support me. Then I saw how busy police officers were and realized they probably didn’t have much time for dating. So, I gave up on that dream for Jeremy’s sake,” Natalie said with a hint of regret. 
Outside, Joe was surprised to see Skylar. She seemed relaxed in the company of her friend. 
When he noticed her pretending not to recognize him, his expression darkened. 
###Chapter:77
Several people around Joe, who were reporting their progress on work tasks, noticed his sudden change in demeanor. Frightened, they became more cautious in their speech. 
Paul hadn’t noticed anything earlier, but now he couldn’t believe his eyes. Sitting at the only occupied table in the restaurant nearby was Skylar 
What were the odds of that happening? 
He stole a glance at Joe’s expression. It was quite intimidating. Did Joe and Skylar have a fight? He still 
seemed angry with Skylar 
Even though Paul hadn’t interacted much with Skylar, she seemed very amicable. Could Joe’s anger be related to the photos he had sent him before? 
After finishing their stew, Natalie insisted on taking Skylar somewhere nice to show her what real men 
were like. But just as they got into the car, Natalie’s phone rang. 
“Yes, honey?” 
“My mom isn’t feeling well. Can you go check on her? I’m on a business trip in Haulbus and can’t come back right now.” Jeremy’s voice came through the phone. 
Natalie frowned. “You went to Haulbus?” 
“I arrived this morning. I’ll be back the day after tomorrow, Jeremy replied indifferently before hanging up. 
Natalie stared at her phone in a daze. 
Realizing Skylar was beside her, she snapped out of it and apologized, “Sorry, Skye, we can’t go today.” 
“Next time, then. I’ll drive you home.” Skylar sensed Natalie’s change in mood. 
That phone call had clearly dampened her friend’s usually cheerful demeanor. 
Skylar had met Natalie’s husband, Jeremy Hughes, before. They had known each other since childhood and had grown up in the same area. 
Despite their differing family backgrounds, with Jeremy’s family becoming well–off later on, their prearranged marriage still bound them together. 
Jeremy, three years older than Natalie, had always taken care of her, so they got married shortly after Natalie graduated. 
If there were any issues, they were likely just minor spats between the couple. 
After dropping Natalie off at Hughes Residence, Skylar noticed a store still open and decided to buy two 
sets of men’s clothing. 
Since she passed by Steven’s dorm, she wanted to give him the clothes. 
However, he was busy and wasn’t in. So, she texted him to inform him that she had left his clothes with the security guard in the neighborhood. He could pick them up when he returned. 
As she walked back to the parking lot, someone suddenly grabbed her wrist. 
“Skye, you already know what happened. I’m also a victim here. Amy had a crush on me and kept bothering me. Those photos you saw before and the videos circulating online are all fake. 
“After Amy got plastic surgery, she looked a lot like Malsy. They look like twins from a distance. I’m not going to break up with you. I didn’t do anything wrong.” 
Skylar frowned at the shameless Christopher. “Let go.” 
###Chapter:78
‘I won’t let go, Skye. I love you! We’ve known each other for over seven years. Haven’t we been good all these years? No one knows me better than you, and I know you well too. 
*Skye, let’s get married. Once we’re married, you can test me as much as you want. I really haven’t done anything wrong to you.” Christopher tightened his grip. 
He couldn’t afford to lose Skylar. She was the only one who genuinely cared for him. And through her, he might become the son–in–law of the Williams family. 
Skylar pursed her lips, feeling repulsed by Christopher’s touch. 
Hero 
gaze darkened. She kicked Christopher and swiftly flipped him over her shoulder, sending him crashing to the ground with a loud thud. 
Christopher lay there, seeing stars. “Sky-” 
Skylar looked down at the disheveled Christopher with a calm yet somewhat dashing demeanor. 
“Christopher, you’ve been lying to me for over seven years. Did you really think I’d keep falling for your tricks? Those photos you posted on Instagram were the same ones I caught you taking with Maisy. You disgust me.” 
“H–How Christopher was still in a daze. 
How had Skylar managed to flip him like that? For a moment, he felt powerless; then, he ended up on the ground. 
As he tried to get up, he found himself lacking the strength. 
Christopher persisted, attempting to deceive Skylar once again. “I’ve told you it’s all fake. What you saw was Amy. She seduced me. How could you 
Skylar took out a glove from her bag and shoved it inside Christopher’s mouth. “Save your excuses.” 
Seeing the infuriated Christopher, Skylar remained expressionless,” 
Seven years of memories, along with the brutal experiences of her past life, had turned into intense 
resentment. 
She turned away and got into her car. 
Finally finding some strength, Christopher struggled to his feet and removed the glove from his mouth.” 
Skylar, do you even know what you’re doing?” 
He banged on the car window, urging Skylar to roll it down. 
Skylar put on her sunglasses/ignoring Christopher. She felt nothing but disgust toward him. 
The lingering pain in her heart couldn’t affect her emotions anymore. 
Christopher’s handsome face twisted with frustration as he pounded on the car window. He even tried to 
open the door. 
However, Skylar had already locked the door, rendering his efforts futile. The door wouldn’t budge, and the window wouldn’t shatter. 
Skylar had seen Christopher in various states, but his current desperate expression was rare. 
She raised her middle finger at him, then hit the gas pedal, and the car shot forward. 
Caught off guard, Christopher nearly fell to the ground. As he watched the car speed away, he trembled with fury and roared, “Skylar! How dare you!” 
An hour later, Skylar arrived at Galaxy Villa. 
Upon entering, she noticed that the villa was shrouded in darkness. Even after turning on the lights, it remained dim. 
“Power outage?” She shone her phone’s flashlight around. 
suddenly, the door behind her swung open. 
In the pitch–black environment, Skylar jumped in fright. “Who’s there?” 
Hearing her voice, Joe turned toward Skylar. Her phone’s flashlight cast an eerie, sinister glow on his face, Coupled with her earlier scream, it created an ominous atmosphere. 
“It’s me. Why didn’t you turn on the lights?” Joe asked. 
“It seems there’s a power outage.” Skylar’s heart was still pounding from the scare. Even so, she felt a bit more relieved upon hearing Joe’s familiar voice. 
f he looked at Joe standing before her.
###Chapter:79
Joe was still clad in the same suit Skylar had seen him wear outside the restaurant. 
Under the dim light from her phone, his features looked sharp and defined, lending him a mysterious and 
aloof air. 
Skylar paused on his face for a moment. Then, she changed her shoes and walked toward the couch. 
Unable to see clearly in the darkness, she accidentally stepped on something with her left foot and f 
backward. 
“Ah!” 
Joe happened to be right behind her. Upon hearing her scream, he instinctively took a long stride forward 
and reached out to steady Skylar. 
They were very close to each other. 
Skylar’s face was almost pressed against Joe’s chest. 
Even through the fabric of his shirt and suit, she could feel the muscular contours beneath. His powerful 
heartbeat resonated in her ears as well. 
Her mind went blank for a moment. 
When Joe came to his senses, his entire body tensed up. His arm had unintentionally pressed against Skylar’s shoulder. Feeling the warmth of her skin through several layers of clothing, his arm felt numb 
His other arm, which had caught her, happened to land on her slim waist. She was so slender that her waist could be held with just two hands. 
The room was very dark, but it felt like they could see each other’s eyes when their gazes met. 
Joe’s gaze deepened. Almost involuntarily, he began to lower his head. 
Just as his lips were about to touch hers, Skylar’s phone suddenly rang. 
In the silence of the villa, the ringtone was particularly loud, snapping both of them back to reality. 
Joe glanced at Skylar’s phone and noticed the caller ID–it was Christopher. At once, he released her and adjusted his tie. 
“Your phone is ringing,” he said in a slightly lower tone. 
Seeing that it was Christopher calling, Skylar immediately declined the call. 
Had 
Christopher not given up even after that beating she gave him in the parking lot? 
“Are you not going to answer?” Joe walked past Skylar and sat on the couch. 
“What?” Skylar was a bit distracted and didn’t hear what Joe had said. His voice sounded colder and deeper than before. 
As she recalled what had happened before, she wondered if he was going to kiss her 
Instantly, she dismissed the thought and told herself not to overthink 
“Are you not going to answer Christopher’s call? Joe felt a tightness in his chest, a sensation he couldnt quite place. When he asked again, his tone was even colder than before. 
Skylar was about to speak when her phone rang again. It was still Christopher calling, so she declined the 
call. 
But right after she did that, she received another call. 
As she was about to block Christopher’s number, she saw that it was Charles calling. Turning to Joe, she said, “I’ll take this call first.” 
As she headed upstairs, she answered the call. The staircase was even darker, so she climbed carefully. 
“Skye, is what they’re saying online true? Has Christopher cheated on you? Charles asked urgently. 
“Wait, Charles. I’ll talk to you later,” Skylar said. 
On the couch, Joe watched Skylar go upstairs with a frown. 
Did she believe the Williams family’s denial and thought Christopher hadn’t cheated? It seemed she still had feelings for Christopher. 
Otherwise, she wouldn’t have seemed so distracted and reluctant when she declined the call. 
###Chapter:80
Christopher was such an ordinary man, yet Skylar couldn’t forget him 
At this moment, the darkness within Galaxy Villa couldn’t match the darkness swimming in Joe’s eyes. 
Inside the towering building of Martin Group, everyone was busy at work. 
At 10:00 am, Jeffrey, dressed in a suit, arrived with Maisy, 
As he was the chairman of a company, Jeffrey exuded an air of refinement and authority. 
However, his company was nowhere near the scale of Martin Group. Plus, recent events in his company 
had left him feeling somewhat anxious. 
As Maisy stepped into the building, she felt a sense of belonging, as if she were destined to be the chairwoman of this place. 
“Sorry, you didn’t arrange an appointment with Mr. Ziegler. I’m afraid you can’t see Mr. Martin,” the receptionist answered with a smile upon hearing that Jeffrey hadn’t made an appointment. 
Jeffrey felt a bit embarrassed. He had called Paul several times to make an appointment, only to be rejected each time. 
Paul consistently cited Joe’s busy schedule as the reason. He advised Jeffrey to contact the commerce department directly. 
However, the department’s head reiterated that collaboration depended not only on fate but also on 
whether their proposals met Martin Group’s requirements. 
Every employee of the Williams Group had been working overtime for several days, but Martin Group wasn’t satisfied with any of their proposals. They all got sent back. 
In the end, there was no way to continue the collaboration. 
For the Williams Group, it was like a bolt from the blue. 
“My dad is the Williams Group’s chairman. We came specifically to see Mr. Martin. Can’t you make an exception?” Maisy still behaved arrogantly. She deliberately emphasized the word “chairman“. 
Such words might have intimidated receptionists at other companies, but Martin Group’s receptionists were used to seeing chairmen and CEOS of various companies. They remained unfazed and continued to smile politely. 
“I’m sorry.” 
Maisy frowned, feeling that the receptionist was being stubborn and lacked understanding. 
Jeffrey’s face darkened. After years of hustling in the business world, it was the first time he felt like he had been slapped in the face. 
“Fine,” he said. That was all he could manage to utter. 
Then he took out his phone and called Paul. 
Coincidentally, Paul had just stepped out of the elevator when his phone rang. He glanced at his phone and declined the call without any hesitation. 
Jeffrey and Maisy witnessed this scene. 
Maisy walked over quickly, her high heels clicking against the floor. 
“Can you give us an explanation, Mr. Ziegler? Why did you decline my dad’s call?” 
Paul raised an eyebrow and took a careful look at the beautiful woman who intercepted him. 
With just one glance, he recognized who she was. 
“I’m busy now. If you have anything to say, you can contact me through the company’s reception.” Paul was indifferent. 
Jeffrey, who had just stepped forward, hesitated for only three seconds before speaking up directly. “Mr. Ziegler, could you spare us ten minutes to have a chat?” 
He had come that day with ulterior motives. Besides figuring out why Martin Group had changed their attitude, he also wanted Joe to meet Maisy. 
The change in Martin Group’s attitude directly affected his company’s operations. They had lost many projects in just a few days. 
###Chapter:81
The Williams Group might not be able to survive in Jipsburg much longer if things continued the way they 
were. 
“Mr. Williams, I’m very busy right now. I remember telling you before that if you have any issues, you should contact the commerce department. I can’t decide on these matters.” 
Paul maintained a professional demeanor, but he couldn’t help feeling gossipy inside. 
He pondered whether he was the odd one out. Why were Jeffrey and his family so devoted to a fake daughter instead of their own? 
Did they feel no quilt about helping the impostor over their own daughter? 
No matter how he looked at it, Maisy couldn’t compare to Skylar. 
If Skylar had requested to elevate the Williams family’s status when she signed the agreement, they would’ve been able to become one of the top families in Jipsburg. 
Unfortunately, they were blind to the obvious. 
“We just want to meet Mr. Martin today,” Maisy said. “I’ve met him at the Jubilance Hotel before. I think if you talk to him, he should agree to see us…” 
She was very displeased with Paul’s arrogance. He was just Joe’s assistant. To put it bluntly, he was nothing but a lapdog. 
Jeffrey also shared the sentiment. “I’m here today to meet Mr. Martin.” 
Paul was somewhat speechless. How could they be so shameless? 
“Mr. Martin is a busy man. He has no time available for you today, Mr. Williams.” 
After saying that, he lost patience. 
Skylar clearly didn’t want to be involved with Jeffrey’s family. Affer Martin Group canceled the Williams Group’s orders, the company was visibly declining day by day. 
Paul thought highly of Skylar. She was beautiful and knew metaphysics. The two people in front of him both seemed to look down on him. It was easy to imagine how they would treat others. 
“If he doesn’t have ten minutes, then what about five? I only need five minutes.” Jeffrey became a little. anxious. 
As the chairman of a company, everyone in his company respected him. But now, he was lowering himself for an assistant. It was hard to swallow his pride, 
However, he swallowed it to see Joe. 
Paul shook his head. “Forget about five minutes. He doesn’t even have one minute to spare.” 
Just as Malsy was about to confront him, Paul’s phone rang again. 
He looked at it and saw it was Skylar calling. He immediately answered, “Ms. Sullivan.” 
“Mr. Ziegler, I’m at your company’s entrance.” Skylar’s voice came through Paul’s phone. 
She had gone to Pearlhall Residence in the morning, and Gloria had asked her to bring some soup over. 
Gloria made the soup herself in the morning. It was a grandmother’s affection for her grandson. 
Skylar happened to be passing by, so she thought she would drop it off. 
Paul immediately headed toward the entrance. “Wait a moment, Ms. Sullivan.” 
Seeing Paul strode away, Jeffrey and Maisy felt even more awkward. 
Should they leave? But staying in place wasn’t right, either. 
“Ms. Sullivan?” Jeffrey frowned. The voice coming from Paul’s phone sounded somewhat like Skylar. 
Maisy bit her lip. “Dad, what should we…” 
She trailed off when she suddenly saw a familiar figure outside the entrance. She was stunned. “Skylar?” 
“Skye is here too?” Jeffrey immediately looked in the direction where Maisy was staring. But by the time. he looked, Paul had already blocked Skylar from view. 
“Why would Skylar come to Martin Group? And why does she know Mr. Ziegler?” Maisy muttered to herself while frowning. 
“Is it really Skye?” Jeffrey quickly walked toward the entrance. 
It had been a while since he had seen Skylar. So much had happened during this time. Now that he saw her, he had to give her a good lecture. 
###Chapter:82
After Paul left the building, he immediately told Skylar, “Mr. Williams and Maisy are inside.” 
Skylar was somewhat surprised. 
She hadn’t seen Jeffrey since the day she left the hospital after she traveled back in time. She hadn’t expected him to come to Martin Group that day. 
She was about to say something to Paul when Jeffrey and Maisy came out of the building. 
At first, the two of them were a bit uncertain if it was really Skylar. But once they confirmed it was her, 
Maisy seemed a bit surprised. “Skylar, you.” 
She wondered if Paul was Skylar’s sugar daddy. 
After all, Paul was Joe’s assistant. Many people in Jipsburg showed him respect. Maisy couldn’t believer that Skylar would have such a sugar daddy, even though he wasn’t an old man. 
But no matter how much respect others showed him, he was just an employee. 
“Skye, how could you…” Jeffrey was about to question Skylar. But when he saw Paul carrying a lunchbox, 
he restrained himself. 
Noticing this situation, Paul, who was usually suave, felt a bit awkward. “Ms-” 
“You can go ahead and do your work, Skylar told Paul. 
Paul nodded and left, still looking aloof. 
As soon as he turned and faced away from Jeffrey and the others, he immediately took out his phone and 
sent a text to Joe. 
“Mr. Martin, Ms. Sullivan came to deliver soup to you. She happened to run into Jeffrey and Maisy, whot 
came to find you.” 
After Paul left and entered the elevator in the building, Jeffrey finally assumed the role of a stern father.” Skye, what’s been going on with you lately? You haven’t been answering our calls, and you’ve moved out? How could you do that?” 
“Skylar, we’re all worried about you. Those things on the internet aren’t true. How could I possibly be with your boyfriend? Please don’t misunderstand me,” Maisy said with her usual display of innocence. 
Watching their familiar faces, Skylar sneered inwardly. 
She used to care a lot about how they viewed her. She used to wonder if she had done anything wrong. 
Otherwise, why would Jeffrey always start by blaming her for everything? 
Though she hadn’t done anything wrong, it felt like everything she did was somehow a mistake. 
“Say something. I heard from your mom that you moved in with someone. Is Mr. Ziegler your sugar daddy? Are you crazy? How can you be a sugar baby?” Jeffrey raised his voice slightly. 
After all, they were at Martin Group’s building. He didn’t dare to speak too loudly. 
Maisy sighed. “Mr. Ziegler may be better than Christopher in some ways, but Christopher didn’t cheat on you. He didn’t betray you, Skylar. Did you spread rumors about me and Christopher on Instagram because of Mr. Ziegler?” 
“You know very well what’s going on between you and Christopher, Maisy. Your act doesn’t work in front of me,” Skylar said to Maisy. 
She then turned to Jeffrey. “You and I are only biologically related. Other than that, you’re not worthy of being my father.” 
“How dare you?” Infuriated, Jeffrey widened his eyes. Combined with the frustration from the indifference he faced inside Martin Group, he felt the urge to slap Skylar. 
He raised his hand high, ready to strike. 
Skylar glanced at Jeffrey’s hand, losing hope completely. The pain that had been suppressed deep inside rose to the surface, making her face turn somewhat pale. 
“I suggest you keep your hands to yourself,” she spat. 
Although she didn’t have much of an impression of Finn anymore, Steven said Finn was a very gentle man. He was very patient and gentle with all of them and never hit them. 
But whenever she was faced with Jeffrey, it was either verbal reprimands or attempts to slap her. 
Jeffrey’s hand trembled slightly. In the past, he would have definitely struck without hesitation. However, seeing that Skylar no longer looked at him with the fearful, pleasing eyes she used to, he
inexplicably had a strange thought. 
###Chapter:83
Jeffrey realized that Skylar had stopped caring about him as her father. 
Before, whenever he looked stern, she would apologize and try to please him. But it seemed like she wasn’t afraid anymore. 
“You little- 
Suddenly, the door behind them was pushed open, and Joe walked out. He looked at Jeffrey 
expressionlessly. His gaze calmly swept over the man’s raised hand. 
Jeffrey was momentarily taken aback. Hearing the sound behind him, he turned to look. When he saw the newcomer, his expression changed. 
Joe? 
“M–Mr. Martin!” Maisy exclaimed. 
With a pale face, Skylar looked at Joe. 
Joe frowned. If he had come out a moment later, would Jeffrey’s hand have struck her? 
The Williams family seemed to treat her worse than he had thought. 
“Are you trying to hit her, Mr. Williams?” Paul immediately questioned; he was surprised. 
Jeffrey was really bold to attempt violence in front of Martin Group’s entrance. 
Paul then noticed Skylar’s pale complexion. Was she scared? 
“I–I didn’t mean to hit her. She’s my daughter. She did something wrong, and I was just talking to her about it. Sorry for letting you see this, Mr. Martin,” Jeffrey immediately explained himself awkwardly. 
After speaking, he felt that it didn’t seem quite right. 
If Paul were Skylar’s sugar daddy, Jeffrey would’ve gained some advantage. After all, Paul was someone 
Joe trusted. 
If one of his daughters became Paul’s woman while the other became Joe’s, the Williams family would be peerless in Jipsburg. 
“Yes, my dad has something he wanted to talk to Skylar, but she’s not listening to him. Please don’t misunderstand, Mr. Martin, Maisy hurriedly defended Jeffrey. 
She suddenly realized that Skylar seemed to have become even more beautiful lately. 
Maisy wore a set of expensive brand–name professional attire. Despite that, she couldn’t outshine Skylar, who was in jeans and a white T–shirt. 
She moved to the side slightly, hoping to block Skylar and make Joe notice her beauty. 
Joe didn’t look at the two of them. He looked straight at Skylar. “Did they hit you?” 
After all, she was his wife. If Jeffrey hit her, it wouldn’t be any different from hitting him. 
“Not yet,” Skylar said, somewhat stunned. Was he worried about her? 
Joe’s gaze was deep and terrifying. He simply hummed in acknowledgement. 
“Mr. Martin, she’s my daughter. How could I hit her? I came here today to talk to you. I hope you can spare 
me a few minutes.” Jeffrey seized the opportunity and quickly spoke up. 
He discreetly glanced at Paul again. It seemed that Paul was quite important to Joe. Otherwise, Joel wouldn’t suddenly stand up for Skylar. He must have known that Skylar was Paul’s woman. 
Paul was more useful to him than Christopher. As a businessman, he quickly made the calculation. 
###Chapter:84 
“I’m busy.” Joe’s impression of Jeffrey wasn’t good to begin with. Seeing him about to strike Skylar further 
worsened it. 
He had promised Skylar no special treatment for the Williams family and no working with them. He should adhere to them, as per their agreement. 
“Mr. Williams, please go to the commerce department. Mr. Martin is busy. Let us through.” Paul’s expression wasn’t welcoming. 
Jeffrey’s face darkened. Noticing Joe’s firm attitude, he frowned and said, “Just five minutes. I only need 
five minutes from you, Mr. Martin.” 
Skylar found it ironic to see Jeffrey unable to speak up against Joe and forced to behave submissively. 
Another man who was only domineering within his comfort zone. 
“We don’t even have a minute, Mr. Williams, Paul stated firmly. 
Paul’s reluctance further darkened Jeffrey’s expression. 
When Joe left, he glanced at Skylar again. Seeing the disdain in her eyes made him feel a strange mix of 
emotions. 
Perhaps he was unfamiliar with the feeling of being disregarded by one’s closest kin. 
“Let’s go,” he said to Paul. 
Paul immediately followed Joe. 
“W–Wait a mo.nent.” Maisy stopped Joe. She had to do something. Finally, she had a chance to meet Joe. 
She couldn’t let it slip away. 
Joe frowned as he was abruptly halted. His air of aloofness became even more pronounced. 
Maisy’s heart pounded. “Could you… spare me a few minutes? Let’s give both of us a chance.” 
“Maisy!” Jeffrey was shocked. Why was Maisy suddenly so daring as to stop Joe? 
“Dad, we’ve been making a lot of efforts to work with Martin Group. Everyone in the company has been working overtime for so long. Now, we’re suddenly told the collaboration is canceled. Shouldn’t we at least know why?” Maisy looked genuinely concerned for Jeffrey. 
She then turned to look at Joe tearfully. “Mr. Martin, please give us a reason. If we’ve done something 
wrong, we can correct it.” 
Anyone would feel sympathetic toward a beautiful and sensible lady who was a good daughter, right? 
Skylar nervously watched Joe. Would he feel for Maisy like those in the Williams family? 
“Maisy…” Jeffrey felt a twinge of pity. 
With tears glistening on her carefully made–up face, Maisy pleaded, “I know this request is sudden, but I’m genuinely worried about my dad, so… please forgive me, Mr. Martin.” 
When Skylar saw Joe stop in his tracks and look at Maisy, her face turned even paler. 
No matter when, Maisy could always make a man halt in his tracks. 
“Paul, call security,” Joe ordered coldly. 
Paul reacted swiftly and called the nearby security guard. “The company pays your bills, not for you to stand around. Can’t you see that someone intends to harass Mr. Martin?” 
The four security guards in front of the door turned pale with fear and quickly rushed over. They blocked Jeffrey and Maisy and even tried to restrain Skylar. 
Paul 
was shocked, “Ms. Sullivan isn’t with them!” 
“S–Sorry, Ms. Sullivan,” the security guards apologized to Skylar in a hurry. 
Skylar was surprised by Joe’s decisive departure. He didn’t believe Maisy or sympathize with her. 
Maisy stared in disbelief and embarrassment. Her trick always worked. Why didn’t it work with Joe? “Dad…” She looked at Jeffrey, at a loss. 
###Chapter:85
Jeffrey wasn’t feeling much better than Maisy. His face turned sour. 
“Skylar, did you say something to Mr. Ziegler to make him and Mr. Martin vilify the Williams Group? Why else would Mr. Martin be so cold to us?” Maisy’s eyes glinted with resentment as she angrily interrogated 
Skylar. 
“What’s your relationship with Mr. Ziegler?” Jeffrey questioned her with a frown. 
Facing the two of them, Skylar had nothing more to say. 
“Get out of the way.” She tried to leave, but Maisy blocked her path. 
Maisy was furious. “That’s enough, Skylar. Explain yourself to us now.” If she found out Skylar had slandered them to Paul, there would be hell to pay. 
“Skylar, explain yourself. Tell me about your relationship with Mr. Ziegler. I’m your dad. I need to know everything about you.” Jeffrey’s tone dripped with displeasure. 
Hearing Jeffrey call himself her dad, Skylar felt a sharp pang in her heart despite her cold demeanor. 
He was such a good dad–a good dad for Maisy. 
“When I called you Dad before, you never cared about me. Now that I disown you, you want to know everything about me? Mr. Williams, don’t be so pathetic. Move!” Skylar said coldly. 
Noticing the tension, the security guard nearby asked Skylar, “Ms. Sullivan, do you need our assistance?” 
“I’m her father. It’s none of your business!” Jeffrey roared at the clueless security guard. 
He didn’t dare ell at Joe, but he couldn’t tolerate insubordination from a mere security guard. Or he’d 
become a joke in Jipsburg. 
“My dad’s surname is Sullivan, You’re not my dad,” Skylar retorted with a smirk. 
Taking advantage of Jeffrey’s surprise, she pushed past him and Maisy and swiftly left. 
As she hurried along, an overwhelming sense of numbness surged through her limbs, bringing back 
memories of past experiences. 
How dare Jeffrey claim to be her dad? Was he even worthy to be called that? 
“Skye, stop!” 
“Skylar!” 
Jeffrey and Maisy commanded as they realized Skylar was leaving. 
Yet Skylar ignored them completely 
Before they could catch up, she had already gotten into her car and sped away, leaving them behind, 
“Dad, Skylar…” Maisy was filled with a mixture of hatred, anger, and frustration at the turn of events. 
Jeffrey’s expression mirrored Maisy’s feelings. 
“I’ll go back to the office. You go home first,” he said. 
“What about Skylar?” Maisy had a lot of questions and wanted to clear things up with Skylar. Did she really influence Joe’s impression of her? 
She was too slow to react earlier. If she had caught Skylar a little faster, she could’ve questioned her. 
Jeffrey frowned, feeling a headache coming. “Don’t worry about Skylar for now. It’s a good thing she’s with Mr. Ziegler. Let me sort out the company’s affairs, then I’ll call her back home and give her a proper lecture. You go home first.” 
“Okay,” Maisy reluctantly agreed. Still, she couldn’t shake off her dissatisfaction. 
As she left, she sent a text to Christopher. 
“I know why Skylar broke up with you. She has a sugar daddy now, the assistant to the CEO of Martin Group.” 
###Chapter:86
Christopher was frantically job hunting when he saw Maisy’s message. 
He immediately replied, “No way. She’s not the type to cheat. She wouldn’t betray me like that.” 
He and Skylar had been together for over seven years, from high school to that moment. He never once thought she would betray him. 
But since he met Skylar yesterday, his heart had been pounding with unexplainable anxiety. It felt like he was truly about to lose her. 
However, Skylar’s perspective was limited to that extent. The highest she could reach was Paul. 
“Mr. Ziegler? Martin Group’s CEO’s assistant?” Christopher’s face stiffened instantly. 
“Yeah, him. He might not be on Mr. Martin’s level, but he’s hot and quite capable. You need to figure something out. Even my dad supports Skylar being with Mr. Ziegler now, even if she’s just his sugar baby.” 
The more Maisy spoke, the more frustrated she felt. Jeffrey’s attitude just now was very different from before. 
Christopher suddenly felt like a piece of his heart was missing. “No, she’s just mad at me. Do you know where she works? Could she be doing this at someone else’s request? She would never be someone’s sugar baby.” 
In their seven years together, Skylar and Christopher had never slept together. They were waiting for the day they got married. 
Sometimes, he felt she was too conservative. But other times, he thought her conservatism was a good thing. So, how could she possibly be someone’s sugar baby? 
“Why are you still deluding yourself? Think about it yourself!” Maisy snapped before hanging up. 
Before, she thought stealing Christopher from Skylar could prove that she was better than Skylar. But now, she was finding Christopher quite annoying. 
Remembering Joe’s indifference toward her, she felt even more annoyed. It must be because Skylar had influenced Paul against her. 
Fearing the worst, Christopher began frantically calling and texting Skylar, but to no avail, 
He was extremely anxious. He even tried calling Natalie, but she didn’t answer. 
Finally, he called Amelia. “Mom, can you call Skylar’s adoptive mother to ask about her? Maisy just told me Skylar might be someone’s sugar baby. She probably broke up with me because she thought I was poor. I can’t lose Skylar now.” 
Upon hearing that, Amelia angrily called Janine. 
Janine happened to be home that day. While she was busy cleaning, she received Amelia’s call. 
Frowning, she wondered why Amelia was meddling in the kids‘ affairs. 
“Yes, Amelia?” Janine asked. 
Amelia huffed. “Did you know Skye is a sugar baby now? She broke up with my son because of that.” 
She felt that if anyone was going to initiate a breakup, it should’ve been Christopher. 
Skylar used to adore Christopher and tried so hard to please him. How dare she betray him? 
Janine’s face turned cold. “I know Skye, and you know Chris. He wronged Skye first. Skye has been good to you these past few years. If you have any conscience, you wouldn’t have made this call.” 
“I didn’t ask her to be nice to me. She did that on her own and clung to my son. If it weren’t for her, Chris could’ve found someone that’d suit him better. Janine, you just coast on your looks and being a tramp. Look at Skylar now. She’s turning into a mess just like you!” Amelia lashed out. 
*One day, both you and your son will regret this! Karma will surely come back to haunt you for insulting and hurting Skye today!” Janine’s hands trembled with anger. 
The thought of Skylar’s pain lingered even after she hung up the phone, leaving her eyes filled with tears. She felt so sorry for Skylar. 
###Chapter:87
Janine was furious at how Amelia had accused Skylar of being a sugar baby. Skylar had been trying so hard to please Christopher. They had been taking advantage of her kindness. 
Amelia and Christopher had no conscience. 
Janine knew Skylar better than anyone else. 
She took her phone and wanted to call Skylar. But she set the phone down in the end. She didn’t want to make Skylar worry. 
Amelia had only made the call to irritate Janine. 
If Janine had known that Amelia and Christopher were such hypocrites, she would’ve stopped Skylar and Christopher from dating each other. 
Skylar had told Janine that Christopher was great and trustworthy. But it seemed like Skylar had fallen in love with the wrong man. 
Looking at the painting Skylar had restored, Daniel grinned from ear to ear. 
yar did such a great job restoring the painting. It was one of the best restoration works Daniel had ever 
seen. 
He looked at Skylar, who continued to restore the next painting, and thought his money was well spent. 
“I don’t think you paid Skylar enough,” Caleb said. 
He had just wrapped up his livestream. When he was about to leave, he saw Daniel smiling while staring at the painting restored by Skylar. He couldn’t help feeling bad for Skylar. 
Skylar could’ve earned more with her capability. 
Daniel glared at Caleb. “You know nothing. Since you’re done with your work, you’d better stop being an eyesore and get lost!” 
If Daniel hadn’t known Skylar wouldn’t stay at his place, he actually wanted to hire her to work for him for 
a few years. 
By then, he could bring in more antiques that were hard to restore. That way, he would make a fortune that could last him a few generations. 
It was just that Skylar had a better future ahead. If he was on good terms with her, he could probably gain 
some benefits in the future. 
Skylar was working attentively. She didn’t hear the conversation between Daniel and Caleb. 
Feeling a slight discomfort in her neck, she stopped working and got up to wash her hands. 
She only noticed it was raining outside when she left Daniel’s shop. 
Fortunately, her car was right at the entrance. She quickly got into the car and returned to Galaxy Villa: 
Halfway through the journey, Natalie called, “Skye, can you come over and keep me company? I’m at Mystic Bar.” 
“Wait for me,” Skylar replied. 
Skylar immediately turned around and searched for Mystic Bar’s location on her navigation application. Then, she drove straight to the bar. 
Natalie was a bubbly and vibrant person. She wouldn’t have gone to a bar if she hadn’t been in a bad 
mood. 
Soon, Skylar arrived at the bar. 
It was raining outside, with only a few people on the street. However, it was a completely different scene in the bar. The bar was crowded, so it took Skylar quite some time to finally spot Natalie. 
On the table in front of Natalie was an empty bottle. Natalie was drunk, but she was still drinking the cocktail in her hand. 
“Why are you drinking so much?” Skylar asked with a frown. 
Natalie giggled and replied, “Because it feels good to drink! Drink with me, Skye! I have the money. My husband has made so much money, so I should spend it on his behalf. Don’t you think so?” 
###Chapter:88
“You’ve had too much to drink. Let’s leave the bar. first.” Skylar set Natalie’s drink down. She helped her. friend up and was about to leave. 
Natalie shook her head vigorously and protested, “I’m not leaving. I want to drink.” 
Seeing how firm Natalie was, Skylar could only sit down. 
“Tell me. What happened? Shouldn’t you be a loving wife at home at this hour?” Skylar asked. 
Natalie’s eyes were slightly red and puffy. It seemed like she had just cried. 
“I’m done being a loving wife. Skylar, there’s something wrong between Jeremy and I. He doesn’t like me as much as he did before. 
“I don’t know if I’m overthinking. But is it true that a couple will treat each other less intimately after being together for a long time? 
“I can talk about this with you. If I were to tell my parents, they’d think I was too sensitive. They’re pleased with Jeremy, and they think I’m unreasonable sometimes. 
“They also said that after getting married, I couldn’t expect things to be the same as when we were still dating.” Natalie explained. 
Then, she asked, “Skye, do you think Jeremy isn’t fond of me anymore?” 
Skylar had never seen Natalie this worried and insecure before. 
“It takes effort to maintain a relationship between husband and wife. Have you two talked about this?” Skylar asked. 
Natalie shook her head and smiled bitterly. “No, I was afraid that he’d say I was overthinking.” 
Skylar wasn’t close with Jeremy. She had only met him a few times because of Natalie. He acted like Natalie’s older brother, who pampered her all the time. 
She was unsure about how a couple got along with each other and if they would still act intimately after getting married. The closest experience she had gotten was from some novels she had read when she was in college. 
However, the characters in novels were created by authors. The story was fictional, too. Hence, she couldn’t take that as a reference. 
“Perhaps I feel this insecure because I’m too deeply in love with him. Skye, sometimes I wonder what I’d do if he stopped liking me one day and fell for another woman. My heart aches every time I think of that possibility, so I always stop myself from going there. 
“I’ve been telling myself to take things easy. But it doesn’t work when I’m the one involved in such a situation.” Natalie’s tone was full of disdain for herself. 
Skylar raised her arm and looked at her watch. It was 7:00 pm. Natalie would get drunk in no time if she 
kept drinking. 
“Stop overthinking for now. You guys have known each other since you were young. Just talk things out if there’s any problem. You were the one who said that most women liked to imagine things. Have you forgotten?” Skylar put down Natalie’s drink again. 
“Let’s go. I’ll bring you out to watch the rain,” Skylar offered. 
“Rain? No. I’ve only felt moody after seeing the rain this afternoon. I’m not watching it. Let’s stay here and 
drink.” Natalie started throwing a tantrum and refused to leave. 
Just then, her phone rang. She was in a daze when she saw the call from Jeremy. 
Perhaps after getting no answer, he hung up. 
Then, the phone started ringing again. It was another call from Jeremy. 
Skylar picked up the phone and said, “Hi, Mr. Hughes. I’m Skylar,” 
“Skylar, why is the phone with you? Is Natalie there?” Jeremy sounded surprised. 
“We’re at Mystic Bar,” Skylar replied. 
“Wait for me right there. I’ll pick her up.” 
“Okay.” 
After hanging up the phone, Skylar stared at Natalie, who was still in a daze. “He said he’s coming to pick 
you up. 
Skylar could tell from Jeremy’s tone on the phone that he was worried sick about Natalie. 
Natalie slightly avoided Skylar’s gaze. “Is he back from Haulbus? So he didn’t answer my call when I 
called him this afternoon because he was on the plane?” 
###Chapter:89
Natalie felt slightly ashamed when she thought of how she had been drinking unreasonably. She had no idea why she had been feeling insecure and worried these days. 
When they got married, Jeremy had promised to treat her well for the rest of his life. They were childhood sweethearts, and many people were envious of them and had given the couple their blessings. 
Natalie thought she should’ve trusted him. 
Hearing that, Skylar chuckled. “So you’ve come to drink at the bar because he didn’t answer your call.” 
Natalie was embarrassed, “I think I’ve sobered up. Why don’t we wait at the bar’s entrance?” She was 
starting to regret her actions. 
Skylar disliked how noisy and crowded the bar was, so she grabbed Natalie and left. 
At a corner of the bar, Kenny and Samuel were drinking. 
They looked up and saw Skylar walking out of the bar with a woman they didn’t know. 
“Skylar? Why 
did she come to the bar? I called her before, and she refused to answer the phone. I’m going to approach her and ask her.” Samuel rose to his feet and ran up to Skylar. 
Kenny followed him, too. 
Many things had happened at home lately, and none of them could get ahold of Skylar, Their mother had fallen sick these days because of that. 
Kenny’s face darkened when he thought of that. How he wished Skylar wasn’t their younger sister. 
When the broers rushed out, Jeremy had picked up Natalie, who had arrived just in time. 
Skylar was walking to her car. Someone blocked her when she had barely taken a few steps. 
She thought it was some drunk man from the bar. However, her face fell when she saw Kenny and Samuel. “Skylar, you’re getting off the rails, aren’t you? First, you moved out, and now, you’ve become someone’s sugar baby. Why can’t you do something good for once? Go home with me now.” Samuel grabbed Skylar’s hand and was about to leave. 
He was afraid the media would discover that he was Skylar’s older brother. They could even expose the news that she was someone’s sugar baby and had accused her own boyfriend. By then, it would certainly affect his career in the entertainment industry. 
Kenny’s face was grim as he said, “Go home and apologize to Mom and Dad. Then, call Mr. Ziegler over. We can’t let you be with him blindly.” 
Skylar scoffed at the mention of sugar baby, apology, and also Paul. 
She flipped her hand in Samuel’s grip and held his palm with another hand. 
Samuel shouted, “What are you doing?” 
He had no idea she was holding which part of his hand, but he was in extreme pain in mere seconds. 
“I should’ve been the one asking that. What are you guys trying to do?” Skylar questioned, expressionless. 
She had done a lot to please her brothers back then. Knowing Kenny had problems with his neck, she had made a pillow with medicinal herbs for him. 
Besides, she had also taught him some methods that helped relieve tension in his neck. However, Kenny had left the pillow in the storage without looking at it. 
Samuel always had to stay up for filming, so she had given him a tea bag she had made for Charles. He didn’t like it and had given it to the housekeeper. 
They had truly taken her kindness for granted. 
Somewhere not far away, a car drove past Mystic Bar. 
Joe, who was sitting in the car, reeked of alcohol. He was having a mild headache. When he was massaging his head to relieve the pain, Paul exclaimed, “Ms. Sullivan!” 
Joe heard him and looked over to see Skylar on the sidewalk. The two men before her glared at her, their eyes displaying their distaste. They treated her as if she were a monster that would harm them. 
###Chapter:90
“I’m your older brother. Are you out of your mind? Let go of me! What have you learned out there these days? 
“You were polite and nice when you just came home. But now, you’re attacking people as you wish. How are you any different from a gangster?” Samuel chided furiously. 
“Let go of Samuel, Skylar! There’s a limit to my patience. If you anger me again, I’ll no longer acknowledge you as my sister!” Kenny shouted. 
He wanted to teach Skylar a lesson. He would never allow her to cause trouble for the Williams family. 
Samuel’s face turned as white as a sheet. “Where did you learn grappling?” 
He had acted before and undergone training. But he had made the double do it on his behalf because he thought the training was too tiring. He was aware Skylar had used the grappling technique. 
It was a technique used to fight against the enemy. He wondered if Skylar had forgotten that he was her older brother. 
Skylar saw how furious they were and released her grip. “You’d better remember what you’ve said. The Williams family has nothing to do with me.” 
Samuel held his hand, which had turned red from her grip, and yelled, “Did something trigger you? You’ve been trying to please me before this, haven’t you? 
“Are you 
you pulling another trick after seeing that I don’t like you? No matter what you do, I’ll only acknowledge Maisy as my sister.” 
“Samuel, that enough. Skylar, go home with me now. Dad and Mom need to talk to you.” Kenny looked at her sternly. 
Every time he wore a grim look, Skylar would listen to him no matter what. 
“Don’t you find it embarrassing if others were to know that two men were giving a woman a hard time? 
I’ve learned something about the Williams family’s manner.” 
Just then, a sarcastic voice sounded behind them.. 
Skylar looked over and was slightly surprised when she saw Paul. “Mr. Ziegler?” 
Kenny and Samuel frowned at the mention of Paul, even though they didn’t know him. 
“I happened to pass by and saw someone messing with you. Are you okay?” Paul asked after glancing at 
the car across the road. 
Skylar shook her head and replied, “I’m fine.” 
“So you’re Mr. Ziegler? You’ve come just in time. Go to Williams Residence with us. We need to talk to my dad regarding you and Skylar,” Kenny was stern. 
Samuel suppressed his anger and sized Paul up curiously. 
When Paul heard Kenny mentioning him and Skylar, he was terrified. He had nothing to do with her, and Joe was just across the road. 
Paul almost died from fright. 
He pursed his lips and explained, “You must have misunderstood something. Ms. Sullivan and I are merely friends. Don’t you think it’s too much to think so horribly of her?” 
“Ms. Sullivan, we’re heading in the same direction. Would you want me to give you a ride?” Paul offered to 
Skylar. 
“Thank you, but I drove my car here.” Skylar felt awkward. It seemed that Jeffrey had told Kenny and Samuel something, and the two had misunderstood Paul. 
Paul glanced at the side of the road and saw a familiar new energy vehicle. “Okay. Ms. Sullivan, you go 
first.” 
Just as Skylar was about to open the car door, Kenny questioned sternly, “Who bought you this car?” 
They hadn’t given Skylar money, and she hadn’t been working since she graduated. Hence, they wondered how she had gathered the money to buy the car. 
The two also wondered if she had lied about her relationship with Paul. 
“Do 
you 
have nothing better to do? Don’t you think you’re too nosy?” Skylar smiled coldly. 
Kenny was surprised by Skylar’s response. “What is with that attitude?” 
“Mr. Williams, mind your manners toward Ms. Sullivan. Paul couldn’t stand it anymore. 
###Chapter:91
“Mr. Ziegler, you seem to care about my sister. Do you still refuse to admit your relationship with her?” Kenny asked coldly. “The Williams family is strict, and we don’t want our sister to be someone’s sugar 
baby.” 
He added, “You’d better not stick your nose into our business if you don’t plan to marry her. I call the shots here, and she’ll never be with you in the future.” 
Kenny stared at Paul grimly. As a man himself, he could tell Paul cared about Skylar a lot. 
Since he was Skylar’s oldest brother, he had to assert his dominance so that Paul would be afraid of him. 
“If people find out that your sugar baby is someone from the Williams family, our family’s reputation will 
be ruined. Skylar, look at what you’ve done!” Samuel chided. 
“Get lost.” Skylar always thought that she had a good temper. However, she couldn’t put up with Kenny’s 
and Samuel’s shameless acts, no matter how well–mannered she was. 
Paul was infuriated by the brothers’ statement, too. He rolled his sleeves up and said, “I’ve learned boxing for years. It has been a while since I put my skills to use. I can talk sense with you if you slander me. But I can’t take it when you’re slandering Ms. Sullivan,” 
Joe was on the other side of the road. 
Even if Joe disliked Skylar, Gloria was fond of this granddaughter–in–law. Paul would never allow anyone 
to mess with her. 
He wondered what had gone wrong with the Williams family’s manner and morals. 
“Why you!” Kenny nd Samuel were startled. 
Initially, Skylar was disappointed because of them, but she felt a sense of warmth when Paul defended her. She wondered how she could tell Paul she wasn’t afraid of getting into a fight. 
Joe, who was across the road, saw how Kenny and Samuel refused to let Skylar go. He was suffering from a severe headache and was getting impatient, so he called Paul. 
“I don’t hire someone who’s timid and wastes time in handling something. You should come back again after getting trained in Aglana for a few years,” Joe said through the receiver. 
Paul was shocked. “I was just taking care of Ms. Sullivan’s image just now. I never waste time! I mean it!” 
He clenched his fist and walked up to Kenny and Samuel before hitting and kicking them. 
The two had never expected Paul to attack them. 
“How dare you hit me?” Kenny stumbled a few steps backward, It had been a long time since he had been 
this embarrassed. 
Surprised, Skylar blinked and fixed her gaze on the phone thrown over by Paul before he attacked them. The name “My distinguished boss” was displayed on it. 
Chap 91 
Skylar wondered if it was Joe and if he had told Paul to attack Kenny and Samuel. That also meant Joe 
was nearby. 
She looked around and saw a familiar car across the road. The window had been rolled down halfway, and she could see Joe’s face. He looked somewhat pale under the neon lights. 
Paul massaged his wrist. “I’ll not just beat you up, but I’ll also investigate you! If you have the nerve to spout nonsense again, I’ll make sure you regret messing with me… and my boss 
“I guess Mr. Martin doesn’t know someone working with him has such a bad attitude. Aren’t you afraid of losing your job if I expose what you did to Mr. Martin?” Samuel questioned furiously. 
He needed to film a scene that required him to reveal his abs in two days. His abs must be bruised right now. The director would probably make his life difficult if he had to postpone the filming. Otherwise, he had to look for a double again. 
He couldn’t help but curse. 
“Ms. Sullivan, please give me the phone. Thank you.” Paul held his hand toward Skylar. 
Skylar gave him the phone. “I should thank you.” 
“You can speak to this phone, as I’m talking to Mr. Martin right now.” Paul passed them the phone, telling them to make a proper complaint. 
###Chapter:92
Paul thought he would probably get a pay raise if they were to make a good complaint. 
Kenny and Samuel were surprised by how Paul was unbothered and not afraid of getting fired. They could sense something amiss but couldn’t tell which part had gone wrong. 
Looking at the phone handed by Paul, the two were speechless. 
you 
“I’ve given you the chance. You two should read some books and learn how to treat your younger sister and maintain your relationship with your family. You’ll regret your actions one day,” Paul said and put the phone next to his ear. 
He received a compliment from Joe as he had wished, so he hung up happily. 
Skylar was pleased to see how embarrassed Kenny and Samuel looked. They brought this upon themselves. 
“I’m leaving. Thank you for today, Mr. Ziegler. I’ll treat you to a meal next time,” Skylar said to Paul before getting into her car. 
Paul felt honored and nodded. “Okay!” He had something he wanted to ask her. 
His parents had an heirloom, but he wasn’t sure if it was authentic. People around them told them that it was a counterfeit. He didn’t feel comfortable asking someone else to appraise it, but he felt safe if it was Skylar who did it. 
Kenny and Samuel could only watch Skylar leave. They were in too much pain to protest. Since it was embarrassing, they wouldn’t want to make a big deal about that. 
Paul then crossed the road. 
The brothers exchanged looks, and Samuel said through gritted teeth, “Skylar will definitely regret her actions. She only pleased me last time because she wanted me to acknowledge her as our younger sister. 
“And she must be finding a different way to attract our attention by putting on that act. You can find a plot like this in most scripts.” 
“I don’t think so. Her relationship with Mr. Ziegler doesn’t seem like what Dad told us about.” Kenny frowned and felt something weighing on him, but he didn’t know how to express it in words. 
Samuel said fiercely, “No matter what, I only acknowledge Maisy as my younger sister. Maisy is my only sister!* 
Paul got into the car across the road and said, “Mr. Martin, Ms. Sullivan is fine.” 
“Okay,” Joe replied. He looked cold and frustrated. 
Paul asked hesitantly, “Mr. Martin, are you still attending the banquet held at the pier by the Coleman family?” 
Joe’s eyes darkened. It was obvious that he disliked such occasions. “Go back to Galaxy Villa.” 
Char 
Skylar had arrived at Galaxy Villa before him. She received a message from Gloria as soon as she entered 
the house. 
Gloria knew that Skylar had accepted a painting restoration job. So, she asked if she was free or had 
other events after work. 
Skylar replied, “Grandma, I’ll leave work at 4:00 pm tomorrow.” 
Gloria’s reply came almost instantly, “George has been urging me to bring you to his house. I’ll have the chauffeur pick you up tomorrow. Then, we’ll go to George’s house together.” 
Skylar wrote, “Okay, Grandma. See you tomorrow!” 
She had been so occupied lately that she almost forgot what she had promised George in the hospital the 
other day. 
After setting down her 
1, she went to the kitchen. She was starving after that series of events at the bar. 
Joe came back and saw Skylar busy in the kitchen. The smell of the food from the kitchen wafted toward 
him. 
###Chapter:93
When Joe met Skylar for the first time, he knew she was beautiful and stood out among the crowd. She looked gentle as she busied herself in the kitchen. Her soft look would make one forget about how tired. they felt. 
Skylar smiled when she saw Joe standing at the kitchen door. “I’ve prepared two dishes. Would you join me for a meal?” 
“Okay,” Joe replied. 
Perhaps because he was home, his head hurt less. It was probably because he felt more relieved. 
He had drunk a few glasses of alcohol during the gathering that night. He had barely eaten anything, but he wasn’t hungry. However, he suddenly felt slightly hungry when he saw Skylar’s smiling face. 
After getting changed upstairs, he went downstairs. On the dining table were two dishes and two plates of pasta. 
She had prepared salad and steak. 
Although these were common dishes, she made them look exceptionally appetizing 
“Mr. Martin, thank you for today,” Skylar thanked him as soon as she took a seat. 
“No trouble at all. You don’t have to thank me.” Joe was slightly displeased at the way Skylar addressed him. She sounded very distant when she thanked him. However, he wasn’t too bothered. 
He added, “I should thank you instead, as I’ve been eating the food you prepared.” 
Skylar smiled. “Let’s dig in. If we keep thanking each other, the food will get cold.” 
“Okay.” 
Joe rarely ate salad, but he had half a plate that day. Although the salad was just a mixture of vegetables, Skylar made them taste great. 
“I’ll send you to work tomorrow morning. The chauffeur will pick Grandma and then you when you get off 
work,” Joe said after he was done with the meal. 
“Thank you.” Skylar nodded. 
Suddenly, 
nly, she remembered something. She stood up to look for her bag before taking a paper bag out, 
and there were small tea bags inside. 
“I had the herbal store prepare these tea bags for me. It’s the same as the one you’re taking. I switched a 
few ingredients, and they’ll probably help you sleep better, Skylar explained. 
A skeptical look flitted across Joe’s eyes when he saw the tea bags Skylar handed to him. 
He wondered if she was being nice to him. 
“I’ll meet Grandma tomorrow, so I’ve also prepared some herbal sachets for a foot bath. She can bring 
them home,” Skylar said as she cleaned the table. 
Joe rose to his feet and offered, “I’ll wash the dishes.” 
“It’s fine. I’ll do it today. You looked unwell. Are you having a headache again?” Skylar brought the plates. 
to the kitchen. 
Since there were only two of them, there weren’t many plates to wash. It would only take her a while to finish washing them. 
Joe was slightly surprised. He hadn’t expected Skylar to be this observant and notice his condition. Probably because I’ve had a few drinks tonight.” 
It was easy to have a headache after drinking, so Skylar didn’t say much. 
Seeing her washing the plates in the kitchen, Joe leaned against the couch. 
The two knew each other better after spending some time together. 
However, Joe zoned out slightly as he stared at the tea bags at the side. 
After some time, he heard someone talking next to him. However, he couldn’t hear it clearly, so he turned 
to look at Skylar. 
Skylar repeated, “Do you need a head massage?” 
Joe seemed to sense something, and his face turned cold instantly, “I only helped you today for Grandma’s sake. You’d better not overthink it.” 
“Aren’t you the one overthinking, Mr. Martin? I only asked you because your head probably hurt so much that you looked unwell. Since you don’t need my help, I’m going to my room,” Skylar said furiously. She 
was quite upset. 
Joe had taken her act of kindness as an ill intention. She thought she should’ve just let him suffer the 
pain. 
###Chapter:94
If Gloria hadn’t told her Joe wasn’t as unfriendly as he looked and was actually a nice person, Skylar wouldn’t have offered him a head massage. 
Besides, Gloria wished Skylar could help Joe to relieve his headache. That way, she would be more at ease and wouldn’t have to be so concerned about her grandson. 
Skylar went upstairs in a huff. 
Looking at Skylar going upstairs furiously, Joe massaged his forehead. He wondered if he was overthinking. 
12 
At Williams Residence, Jeffrey and Sadie looked slightly grim 
“Skylar was too much! How could she do nothing and just let Mr. Ziegler beat them up? Couldn’t she stop him? Kenny and Samuel are her brothers.” Maisy’s eyes reddened. She looked as though she truly felt bad for the brothers. 
Kenny and Samuel were deeply moved. It was worth it for them to pamper Maisy since she was young. She was completely different from Skylar. 
“Skylar was rude to Dad at Martin Group today. What’s wrong with her?” Maisy continued to add fuel to 
the fire. 
It would be best if everyone in the family would hate Skylar. 
Jeffrey looked sullen and said, “She’s hopeless! It’d be better if we don’t acknowledge her as our daughter! 
“She’s still our daughter. Jeff, we should give her a chance if she’s willing to come home and apologize,” 
Sadie said. 
She added, “The hospital has been calling to inform us they’ve run out of blood. We don’t need her, but Maisy does. Why did she become this cruel? Is she going to sit by and watch while Maisy runs out of 
blood?” 
Sadie was blaming Skylar for everything. 
“Skylar surely hates me and wishes me dead,” Maisy said, her tears threatening to spill. 
“I don’t think she’s that cruel. I think you guys have probably misunderstood her relationship with Mr. Ziegler. They don’t seem to be in that kind of filthy relationship,” Kenny said with a frown. 
“Now that you’ve mentioned it, I feel the same, too.“–Jeffrey had been mulling over things for a while. 
Samuel scoffed. “They hooked up secretly. What can you see from the outside? In our circle, I’ve seen many who regard one another as brothers but end up sleeping with each other’s wives.” 
“Your sister is still around. You’d better not spout nonsense, Samuel,” Sadie chided. 
Chap 
Samuel rubbed his nose. “I was just telling the truth. We all know Maisy well. Skylar might have something with another man, but Maisy will never do that.” 
“Samuel, thank you for your trust, Dad, Mom, please don’t worry about me.” Maisy looked a little sad. 
They were worried about her health. 
Seeing how Maisy was concerned about them instead of herself, Sadie felt she knew the daughter she 
had raised better. 
“Did Mr. Martin mention when he’s marrying you?” Samuel asked as he looked at Maisy. 
Samuel disliked Paul. If he were to have a chance to talk to Joe, he’d definitely make him fire Paul. 
There was a subtle change in Jeffrey’s expression. 
However, Maisy was quite upset. “I didn’t get to talk to Mr. Martin because of Skylar.” 
Samuel wanted to probe further but stopped when he saw Jeffrey’s sullen expression. “I have to go to the filming site. It’s so troublesome. The director must be mad if I were to apply for leave. 
“I promised to film every scene myself and not use a double when I first joined the cast. If I were to apply for leave, the director would have to look for a double.” 
The more he talked about it, the more furious he felt. He wondered why he had a younger sister like Skylar. 
Meanwhile, Kenny looked troubled. Some crazy thoughts crossed his mind, and he wondered if they had treated Skylar badly before
###Chapter:95
Gloria came to pick Skylar up after work. 
In the car, Gloria told her George had bought too many things, including stationery, antiques, books, old paintings, porcelain, emerald ware, and more. 
“You can leave it if it’s something you don’t know. But let George know if there’s any counterfeit. He’s rich, so he can’t only blame himself for not knowing more if he’s been deceived. You don’t have to worry about upsetting him by telling him about the counterfeits,” Gloria said. 
Skylar smiled and replied, “Okay, I got it.” 
George’s house was located in a rural area. It was a vintage–style residence with a pavilion and attic. 
When she set foot into the place, Skylar thought she had arrived at a scenic spot. 
“You should stay here tonight. I’ve got a hot spring over there, and you can enjoy it,” George said to Gloria 
with a smile. 
It had been more than a year since Gloria’s last visit. Seeing George had renovated his house again, she 
asked, “When did you build the hot spring?” 
“There has always been a water source for the hot spring. I thought of going to a hot spring not long ago, so I had them make one,” George replied casually. 
Gloria wasn’t interested. “I just got discharged from the hospital, and my heart isn’t that well. I’d better not go into a hot spring. Your house looks just like a resort. The air is pretty fresh, too. Let’s go. Show Skye your treasures.” 
“Okay. Let’s go.” George led the way. 
Skylar followed behind the two elders and enjoyed the views around her from time to time. The scenery 
was breathtaking 
She recalled that, back in college, she would spend Saturdays in rural areas with her classmates. When they passed by George’s house, some of them had thought it was a tourist spot. 
They had even asked where they could get the ticket but had been stopped by the guard. They had beent told it was a private residence, not a tourist spot. 
They had been shocked when they heard it was a private residence. 
Some of her classmates had marveled at how luxurious the house was. 
Skylar couldn’t help but feel the same way when she entered the house. No wonder Gloria had told her not to worry about upsetting George if there were counterfeits. 
“Our family owns a resort, and there’s also a hot spring. It’s nearby. I called Joe when I went to pick you up. The two of you can stay there tonight.” Gloria seized any chance to create opportunities for Skylar and Joe to spend time together. 
She had been young once, and she knew Skylar was pretty and had a good figure. If Skylar were to wear a fitted swimsuit, Joe, who had always been cold, would probably be captivated by Skylar. 
“Tell Joe to come to my place. It has been a while since I last saw him. I can talk to him for a bit,” George. 
hurriedly said. 
Gloria rolled her eyes. “They’re spending time together as a couple. Why do you need to get in the middle 
of them?” 
Although Gloria had scolded George, he didn’t get angry and merely chuckled. Anyone could tell that they had been good friends since they were young. 
“My grandchildren can only come back from abroad later. Once they’re back, you should come together. Let’s gather everyone on my 70th birthday,” George suggested. 
Gloria nodded. “Alright. I agree. 
As they chatted, they arrived in front of a three–story building. 
I’ll go for a walk and come here to 
“I store all those things in this building. After waking up in the morning have a look. The more I look at these antiques, the more I like them.” George turned and said to Skylar. 
When Skylar saw the three–story storage, she was amazed. 
The building was like a mini museum. 
###Chapter:96
Skylar was still amazed after entering the building.. 
4 
George was interested in many things. A lot of items from his collections were something she hadn’t 
expected to see. 
“Skye, take your time to look around.” George was worried Skylar would feel tired. 
Gloria was interested in the collections too. “I didn’t know you’ve collected a lot. If Viola were to see this, 
she’d think you’ve wasted money.” 
“How I wish she could come over and have a look. She mentioned many of these things before, but I don’t 
know if they’re authentic,” George replied with an expectant look. 
“I’m not sure when she’ll be coming back. But now, it’s the same to have Skye look at them. If she says it’s 
fake, then it sure is,” Gloria said. 
George nodded. “Viola taught Skye all her skills, so she’ll never be wrong.” 
Meanwhile, Skylar looked at every collection attentively. She held her phone and took photos when she noticed anything wrong. She paid no attention to the conversation between Gloria and George– she was too focused on studying the collections. 
After checking out all the collections, she went to the second floor. 
The collections on the second floor were less complicated. Most of them were antique paintings. 
When she was done looking at everything on the third floor, the night had fallen. 
George and Gloria rested on the first floor. 
Seeing Skylar descending the stairs, Gloria waved at her. “Quick, take a break. George has collected many things. Are you tired from checking them out?” 
“I’m fine. I’ve not seen such great collections for a long time.” Skylar smiled, and her eyes shone. They could tell she was really into these antiques that were full of stories. 
George chuckled. “How’s it? How many of them are fake?” 
“Say it. Quick! So that George will be upset,” Gloria said to add fuel to the fire. 
Skylar switched on her phone. “This colored vase is fake, and it was replicated in Jansdale. Besides, this antique painting wasn’t drawn by the painter from 1368 to 1644 AD.” 
As Skylar swiped the photos, George’s face grew solemn. 
Gloria looked grim, too. 
Looking at their reactions, Skylar hesitated if she should continue. 
Gloria seemed to notice that Skylar had stopped talking and swiping the photos. The tension on her face slightly dissipated as she smiled. 
“Skye, keep going. We’re not looking stern because of how many counterfeits there are. It’s because the two items you mentioned just now were given by our old friend.” 
“Old friend? I’m not sure if your friend was conned. This emerald ware was used to store the bones of the 
deceased. 
“Luckily, you’ve placed the emerald ware here, Mr. Querbach. If you were to put it in the living room or bedroom, you’d likely suffer from diseases like bone cancer.” Skylar looked serious, too. 
“What?” Gloria and George gasped at the same time. 
Skylar knew George, Gloria, and Viola were good friends, so she said seriously, “You need to send the emerald ware away tomorrow noon. It’d be better to send it to a church so that it won’t harm others.” 
“Okay. I’ll do as Skye said.” George wore a stern look. 
Gloria looked at George and said earnestly, “We’re old but not dead yet. It seems people are irritated because of this. I think you should be more careful. 
“Next time, it’d be better to let Skye look at the gifts given by others. Someone might harm you knowing.” 
you 
without 
“I know, I know. I’ll have to trouble you in the future, Skye.” The solemn expression on George’s face vanished, and he looked gentle when he looked at Skylar. 
“No trouble at all, Mr. Querbach.” Skylar grinned. 
Gloria glared at George. “Skye had spent a long time helping you to check out those collections. Won’t you give her something nice?” 
###Chapter:97
“Okay, okay. I’m old, and my memory is getting bad. I prepared a gift before you came.” George chuckled as he walked to a cupboard. Then, he pulled out the drawer and took out a box. 
“Open it up and have a look,” he urged. 
It was a token of appreciation from an elder, so Skylar didn’t turn him down. 
She opened it up and saw an emerald bracelet. The quality was excellent, and it surely cost a fortune. 
“This is too valuable…” Skylar said. She dared not accept such a valuable gift. After all, she had only helped him to authenticate his collections. 
“It’s a gift from George. Just accept it. It’s his token of appreciation.” Gloria gestured for Skylar to accept the gift, as it was merely an emerald bracelet. 
Gloria had many similar bracelets. Once they were home, Gloria would let Skylar pick a few and wear a different one on different days. 
George laughed and said, “It’s nothing. Just take it.” 
After listening to them, Skylar could only nod and accept the gift. “Thank you, Mr. Querbach.” 
“Let’s go and eat. I told them to prepare the dishes with the vegetables I planted.” George walked out of the building and led the way. 
Skylar helped Gloria to walk. She could tell Gloria was slightly tired after a series of events that day. 
“Are those vegetables planted by you edible? I’ve just come out of the hospital. I don’t want to get admitted again,” Gloria teased. 
No one would’ve expected the young George, who used to be a mercenary, would start farming when he got old. 
None of them would’ve imagined this at that time. 
“I’ve been eating the vegetables I planted this year. I’ve not used any fertilizer, and they’re all organic.” George appeared more gentle as he talked about the vegetables he planted. 
Skylar smiled as she watched the two argue. She was also enjoying the views. 
The garden was well–managed. It was clean, and the air was fresh, too. 
When they almost arrived at the dining room, Gloria answered a call, “You’ve arrived? It’s too late now. Wait outside. Skylar will go to you. You two should head straight to the hot spring resort.” 
After hanging up the phone, Glória turned to look at Skylar. “Skye, Joe’s here and waiting outside. You should go look for him now. ll have a good chat with George. You can come pick me up tomorrow.” 
“Go ahead.” George chuckled as he waved. 
It was great to be young. Even if it were just unrequited love, it would be unforgettable. 
“I’m not sure if it’s because I’m getting old, but I envy the youngsters sometimes,” George lamented as he looked at Gloria after Skylar had left. 
Gloria seemed to be reminiscing about something. “Right. We were fearless back then. And we could just let things slide with a smile even if we were hurt terribly. Look at us now. We’re old.” 
“Does Joe like Skye?” George asked. 
Gloria scoffed and replied, “I don’t know who he took after. I bet he wouldn’t have gotten married if I hadn’t brought Skye to him.“– 
###Chapter:98
George laughed. “It simply meant that he wasn’t fond of anyone if he didn’t get married.” 
“He must be foolish if he were to wrong Skye,” Gloria scoffed. 
“It’s hard to judge when it comes to relationships. That’s up to the youngsters, so there’s nothing we can do.” George knew it well. 
Youth’s love was subjective and driven by personal feelings. 
Gloria sighed. “Sending Skye to him was the only thing I could do. The rest is up to him.” 
She could tell Skylar and Joe had only gotten together because of her. They had no feelings for each 
other. 
That was her main concern. 
As soon as Skylar walked out, she saw Joe’s car. 
The window had been rolled down, and Joe was sitting in the backseat, staring at her with his deep–set 
eyes. 
Skylar was startled at the sight of that. She wondered if he had misunderstood her again and thought she 
had made Gloria call him to ask them to stay at the hot spring resort. 
Joe got out of the car and opened the door. “Get in first. It takes 20 minutes to get to the hot spring resort. 
11 
“Okay, thank you.” Skylar got in the car. 
The two sat on other ends in the backseat with a huge gap between them, keeping a distance from each 
other. 
They didn’t talk much in the car. Soon, they arrived at the hot spring resort. 
Joe brought Skylar to the restaurant at the resort. After dinner, they stayed at one of the villas. There was a private hot spring at the villa. 
€ 
As soon as they entered the villa, Gloria called. “Have you enjoyed the hot spring? I had someone send you the clothes. Go ahead and soak in it. 
“You must be tired after a long day. You’ll have a comfortable sleep after going into the hot spring. 
Remember to take photos for me.” 
Joe had put the call on loudspeaker so that Skylar could hear everything Gloria said clearly. 
As soon as Joe hung up the phone, the doorbell rang. He went to open the door and returned with two bags in his hand. 
One of the bags was pink, and the other one was blue. They could easily tell which one belonged to them. 
from the color. 
He handed the pink bag to Skylar. “Go get changed.” 
“Okay.” 
Then, they went back to their own room. 
They were staying at a villa, so there were many rooms. They didn’t have to stay in the same room and would feel more comfortable to get changed. 
However, when Skylar thought of getting into the hot spring with Joe, she felt slightly awkward. 
After changing into the swimsuit prepared by Gloria, Skylar stood in front of the mirror hesitantly, wondering if she should go out. 
The swimsuit fitted her perfectly. It accentuated her figure and made her look exceptionally voluptuous. 
She had never dressed this sexily before, let alone facing Joe in a swimsuit. However, she didn’t have other swimsuits she could change into. 
After hesitating for a while, Skylar decided to just go with it. 
As long as she was pleased with herself, nothing mattered to her. Even if she were to walk to Joe in her birthday suit, he wouldn’t spare her another glance. Hence, she didn’t need to worry too much. 
Besides, she wished to relax in the hot spring, too. 
The hot spring was big enough to accommodate up to eight people.
###Chapter:99
Joe came in his swimming trunks. He found a spot, sat down, and leaned on one side. 
The surroundings were serene. The sound of birds singing, the fragrance of flowers in the air, and the comfortable temperature of the hot spring would make one more relieved 
Skylar saw Joe resting with his eyes closed when she arrived. 
The water level was right below his chest. The ripples and soft glow of the moonlight made his chest 
muscles look more defined and sexier. 
She knew Joe was good–looking, but she hadn’t expected him to have such a great figure. 
After glancing at him, she immediately looked away. Joe suddenly opened his eyes when she stepped into the pool. 
He looked at Skylar with his sparkling yet unfathomable eyes. 
She wore a red bikini that accentuated her fair skin. She had a slim waist and a pair of slender legs, and 
her body was hot and curvy. 
He was stunned for a moment as his heart pounded, thinking if she wanted to seduce him with that look. 
At that moment, he had to admit that he had reacted like how a man would’ve reacted. 
Skylar didn’t notice the change in Joe’s expression. She felt extremely comfortable when she went into 
the water. 
As expected from a natural hot spring, the temperature was just right. 
She found a spot and sat down. 
After sitting down, she caught Joe staring at her. 
“Come over and sit here,” Joe said as he stared intently at her. 
Skylar was startled. 
Joe saw her hesitant look and said, “We’ve said before we should act like a loving couple in front of 
Grandma. Now we have to take a photo and send it to her.” 
Mentioning Gloria helped bring him back to his senses. Gloria had prepared a sexy bikini for Skylar to captivate him. 
He was a man, after all. Hence, it was normal for him to react like any other man would’ve reacted when he saw the sexy Skylar. 
Skylar grinned. “Okay.” She stood up and walked up to Joe. 
The beautiful moonlight that night was met with a subtle change in the atmosphere. With the sound of the rippling water, Joe’s eyes darkened as Skylar approached slowly. 
She was exactly his ideal type. She looked alluring, even with just a smile. 
Skylar looked pure yet seductive. And now she was in such a sexy outfit. Joe felt he wouldn’t turn her 
down if she were to offer herself. 
He snapped out of his thoughts as soon as this idea crossed his mind. He felt as though he had been 
bewitched. 
“Okay. Let’s look for a right angle and take a photo. I didn’t bring my phone, so just snap it with yours,” Skylar said and sat next to Joe. 
Joe gave Skylar a sidelong glance and saw her grinning from ear to ear. That idea he had just suppressed appeared in his mind again. They were so close to each other, and he saw her chest when he withdrew 
his gaze. 
His breath was slightly heavy as he hummed in response. 
The smile on Skylar’s face froze when she saw Joe, who had barely said a word. They hadn’t chatted much since they met that night. 
She wondered if he looked grim and was in a bad mood because he was forcing himself to spend time 
with her for Gloria’s sake. 
As soon as the thought hit her, she decided not to talk to him that night so that he wouldn’t misunderstand her. 
Joe grabbed the phone, found the right angle, and took a photo of them. They smiled as he captured the photo. 
In the photo, their cheeks had turned slightly red because they were in the hot spring. And they looked just like a loving couple with wide smiles on their faces.
###Chapter:100
Gloria looked at the photo and grinned. “Okay, my plan is going in the right direction.” 
“Did the two get closer?” George asked. 
Gloria replied smugly, “Of course. I didn’t plan the trip to the hot spring resort just for them to go into the 
hot spring.” 
Chuckling, George nodded. “The older, the wiser. You had all kinds of ideas when you were young, and now you’re even better.” 
Gloria laughed and looked solemn again. “You know my health and the Martin family’s situation. If Joe doesn’t have a sensible person by his side, he’ll have to face those people alone after I leave. It’ll be too 
much for him.” 
“Skye is a sweet girl. Viola has always been right,” George said with a stern look in his eyes. 
Gloria and George had been through a lot in their lives, yet many things were out of their control even when they were at this age. 
They had done what they could, and the youngsters should figure out the rest themselves. 
After taking the photo and sending it to Gloria, Skylar stood up and went back to the original spot. 
Joe set his phone own and saw Skylar avoiding him, treating him as though he was such a nuisance. She went to a spot furthest away from him. His face instantly grew grimmer at that sight. 
Somehow, he felt irritated. 
Skylar found the right angle and leaned backward before closing her eyes comfortably. She was enjoying the serenity and paid no heed to Joe. 
She thought he would want her to stay away from him. 
All the villas were attached with partitions built between the hot springs. They could easily hear what others said if it was quiet. 
Just then, a sound that would make one blush came. The sound seemed to come from the villa next door. 
It wasn’t clear, but they could tell what kind of sound it was. 
Skylar blushed slightly. 
If she were the only one there, she would listen to it just for fun. However, the situation became awkward because Joe was also present/ 
When she opened her eyes, she saw Joe looking at her. 
Their eyes met. 
Skylar felt Joe look grim, and his dark gaze looked exceptionally terrifying. 
At times like this, other couples probably couldn’t hold themselves back. 
Now that Joe and her were trapped in such a situation, Skylar couldn’t help blushing. 
They had been in the hot spring for more than ten minutes. She felt a little dizzy after soaking in it for too long, so she stood up. “I… I’m tired. I’ll go back to rest.” 
Joe raised an eyebrow as he watched Skylar flee the scene. 
He could feel a sense of desire surge within him, and he instantly furrowed his brows. 
When Skylar arrived at the door, she heard a soft female voice. “Mr. Hughes, I love you so much…” 
The sound cut in and out, so she couldn’t hear it clearly. But she seemed to hear the mention of “Mr. Hughes.” 
“Mr. Hughes,” she wondered. 
She stopped and recalled what Natalie had told her that day at the bar. Women tended to have good 
instincts sometimes. They would easily notice the changes in their partner. 
Just like her previous life, Skylar could feel the changes in Christopher. However, back in Williams Residence, she had to donate her blood. At the same time, Jeffrey and Sadie had been picking on her, so 
she couldn’t be bothered to delve into his changes. 
She had underestimated humanity and hadn’t expected someone to be this despicable. 
Nonetheless, everyone was different. She didn’t want Natalie to get betrayed. 
Hence, she wondered if the “Mr. Hughes” that woman had called out was the person she had in mind or if it was just a coincidence. 
She frowned. 

###chapter101
Skylar thought of Jeremy, whom she had met before; he had always doted on Natalie. She concluded that the previous encounter was likely just a coincidence.
Joe’s face darkened when he saw Skylar stop suddenly. The sound of her hesitation seemed to linger in the air, grating on his nerves. Seeing her standing rooted to the spot at the door, he suddenly wondered if she was waiting for him.
Joe composed himself, his thoughts drifting to her possible intentions. He picked up the glass next to him and took a few sips of water, his gaze coolly sweeping over Skylar. Even in her current state, her presence was undeniable. He wondered, with a touch of cynicism, if her lingering was a deliberate attempt to catch his attention.
“What’s wrong?” Joe asked indifferently.
His cold voice cut through the air like a night breeze. Skylar only came back to her senses when she felt the sudden chill. She turned to look at him. “I just suddenly thought of something. It’s nothing. Goodnight.”
She immediately grabbed a towel, wrapped it around herself, and retreated into the villa before rushing back to the safety of her room.
After showering and drying her hair, she prepared for bed. However, a lingering thirst took hold the moment she lay down. There was no water in her room, and the time spent in the hot spring earlier had left her dehydrated. She realized she needed to get some water.
She opened the door and walked out toward the kitchen. Inside the fridge, she found a variety of beverages, water, and even some alcohol. Since she wasn’t a fan of sugary drinks, she simply grabbed a bottle of mineral water.
As she closed the fridge and took a few refreshing sips, she felt her thirst vanish instantly. But just as she turned to leave, she bumped into a hard, solid surface.
“Ahh!” She gasped, taking a startled step back. Before she could lose her balance, a firm hand caught her by the waist.
Under the dim kitchen light, Skylar met a pair of dark, intense eyes. “Mr. Martin!”
Surprised by his sudden presence, she realized she had bumped directly into his chest. Joe released his grip around her waist slowly. Her sleepwear was baggy, intentionally concealing her silhouette. Yet, having seen her earlier, Joe knew the strength and grace hidden beneath the loose fabric. He couldn't help but notice how slender her waist felt in that brief moment.
“I’m here to grab some water,” Joe said, his voice slightly hoarse.
Skylar nodded quickly and moved to the side. “There’s still plenty inside. May I go back to my room?”
Joe glanced at her. “Okay.”
Skylar had barely taken a few steps when Joe’s voice stopped her again. “Are you still thinking about your ex-boyfriend?”
Skylar frowned at the question. Christopher had hurt her deeply, and she had vowed never to fall for someone so easily again. Her voice was cold as she replied, “Mr. Martin, he’s my ex-boyfriend, as you said.”
Christopher didn’t deserve a place in her heart. To her, a man like him was no better than a ghost from a past she wished to bury.
Joe raised an eyebrow. He believed that the more one hated someone, the more it proved they still cared. He could feel the genuine bitterness in her voice, but in his mind, that only meant Christopher still occupied a corner of her thoughts. He reached for a cigarette as the realization settled, his expression unreadable in the shadows.
###chapter102
As he lit the cigarette, the light cast upon his face flickered. 
Skylar couldn’t fathom what was on Joe’s mind, so she could only guess. ‘Don’t worry, Mr. Martin. I know what to do. I won’t date anyone in the three years of our marriage. I’ll never make Grandma worry.” 
He was probably afraid that she still had something to do with Christopher and that their matters would inadvertently alert Glori 
There was something she couldn’t tell him. He wouldn’t have thought she was still entangled with Christopher if he had known her experience in her previous life. 
After all, she didn’t enjoy being tortured, and she wasn’t that lowly. 
“Okay,” Joe replied softly.. 
Suddenly, Skylar felt something welling in her chest. She couldn’t hold herself back and said, “Mr. Martin, since you told me not to be in a relationship in three years, I wish you could do the same too.” 
It was a mutual agreement. It didn’t make sense if she was the only one abiding by the request. 
Joe could feel the hostility from Skylar. His frustration vanished in an instant. Then, he replied patiently, I’ll abide by the agreement.” 
Skylar didn’t dwell on that matter. “Okay then. Goodnight.” 
“Goodnight.” 
When Skylar returned to her room to sleep, Joe grabbed a bottle of water from the fridge and took a few sips. Then, he went outside to smoke. 
He saw the message from Jeremy on his phone. 
Jeremy: “Are you in the hot spring resort, too?” 
Joe recalled the voice he had heard when they were in the hot spring just a moment ago and tapped on 
the screen. 
Joe: “Did you bring a woman here?” 
Jeremy: “Did the receptionist tell you?” 
Joe’s eyes darkened as he replied, “No.” 
Jeremy stopped replying, and Joe switched off his phone before he walked to the villa. 
The next morning, the chauffeur came to pick up Skylar. 
Joe was still in the hot spring resort. He had said he would pick up Gloria from George’s place around 10: 
00 am. 
22 
Skylar arrived at Daniel’s store. She washed her hands and got ready for restoration work. 
When she was about to enter the workroom, Caleb tugged at her and asked, “Has Mr. Gardner Senior’s 
team called you?” 
He had been buttering up his grandfather for days, so Alexander would certainly agree to have Skylar join 
his team. 
Skylar said regretfully, “Mr. Gardner Senior’s team sent me a message yesterday afternoon. I wasn’t 
accepted.” 
“What?” Caleb widened his eyes. He hadn’t expected this. 
“It’s okay. I lack experience, and I didn’t major in archaeology, history, or anything related to those in college. It was normal that they didn’t accept me. I was mentally prepared. Anyway, thank you for telling 
me about this opportunity.” 
Seeing how shocked Caleb was, Skylar thought he felt bad for her. 
Daniel heard them and said, “I’ve recommended Skylar to the auction house. Once she’s done with the work here, she can apply for a job there. They offer higher pay and bonuses.” 
“Auction house isn’t better than Mr. Gardner Senior’s team.” Caleb scratched his head and glared at Daniel. He hadn’t expected his grandfather to be this cold–hearted. 
He wondered why Alexander was so ruthless. He had reassured Alexander, yet his grandfather didn’t 
believe him. 
Alexander was stubborn and merely took Skylar as an inexperienced young lady. He reckoned that someone recommended by Caleb wasn’t capable 
He thought Caleb had only done that because he wanted to court the woman by showing off he could let her join Alexander’s team. 
Caleb had no idea why most grandfathers would dote on their grandchildren, but it was the complete opposite for him. 
###chapter103
M41/2 
Caleb actually wished it was just as Alexander had assumed. Skylar was undoubtedly capable. 
Skylar wasn’t only good at restoring antiques, but she also knew how to authenticate them. She could tell at a glance if something was fake or bad. 
Caleb reckoned that Alexander must be getting on in years if he insisted on judging one’s capability based 
on one’s age and experience. 
Skylar pushed open the door and entered the workroom. She didn’t like to be disturbed when she worked, and she preferred a quiet environment. 
She also needed to pay full attention. Besides, she wasn’t even bothered by the fact that she hadn’t been accepted by Alexander’s team. 
She was only a little disappointed when she found out about the result. 
Seeing that Skylar soon immersed herself in work, Caleb was so furious that he texted his grandfather,” I’m going for a DNA test. I don’t think you’re my grandpa.” 
Alexander replied, “You should go for a DNA test with your dad when you’re free. I suspect that you’re not 
his son.” 
Caleb held his phone so tightly that he almost crashed it. He thought he must have committed sins in his past life to have a grandfather like Alexander. 
After replying to Caleb’s messages, Alexander looked at the people who came for the interview. He would be interviewing them personally. 
These interviewees were experienced in this field, and they were authenticating all kinds of antiques. The interview would take several hours that day, and his team had high requirements for their team members. The incapable ones wouldn’t even dare to face him. 
The interview consisted of many stages. 
Alexander doted on Caleb. It was just that Caleb wasn’t reliable. 
Most of Caleb’s friends preferred challenging activities. Some of them were overconfident in their capability when they had only attended college for a few days and picked up some skills. 
Caleb was influenced easily and had less experience in society, so he tended to trust others easily. 
Alexander reckoned that the youth these days weren’t comparable to those from his generation. Although they had no skills, they pretended they knew everything. It was simply troubling. 
Seeing Caleb had stopped complaining, Alexander set his phone down. Then, he scrutinized the interviewees in silence. 
Chapte 103 
In fact, these interviewees were considered the cream of the crop, but Alexander wasn’t pleased with them. Most of the young people were reluctant to endure hardships these days. 
In the laboratory, Kenny keyed in a line of command on the computer. 
However, the robotic arm that was being tested swayed vigorously before falling to the floor and breaking 
in half. 
He had tested it for the 300th time in two days, yet he never succeeded. 
“Was that information from Steven’s thesis his imagination?” Kenny questioned in a low voice. He wondered if Steven had set him up on purpose. 
Back when they were in college, they had been going against each other. Kenny looked down on Steven. He thought Steven was arrogant and acted as if he was the son of a prominent family when he was from the countryside. 
Steven had always performed better than Kenny in college, but his family background was nothing compared to Kenny’s. Kenny’s family could provide him with all kinds of resources, assisting him in developing his career. 
However, Kenny hadn’t expected Steven would also be hired into the same technology company he had, just joined. This company had the best technology and research equipment in the country. 
Then, he thought of Skylar’s attitude toward him. He reckoned it could be Steven who had told her to do 
1. SO. 
He went to look for Steven in a huff when he thought of how Skylar only listened to Steven instead of him. Steven was focusing on the data on the computer when he suddenly felt a pain in his cheek.
Then, he heard Kenny scolding, “Did you tell Skylar to look for a sugar daddy to embarrass the Williams family?” 
###chapter104
As soon as Kenny said that, the rest of them held their breath. 
Kenny and Steven hadn’t been getting along, but they seemed fine on the surface. 
Many of them in the company turned a blind eye despite knowing Kenny had stolen Steven’s thesis. 
At this point, Kenny seemed arrogant and didn’t take Steven seriously. After all, he had just come to beat him up. 
Steven turned and punched Kenny’s face, his expression grim. 
“You said Skye’s your sister. Is this how a brother should behave? Skye will only get married to someone and will never get a sugar daddy!” he exclaimed. 
Kenny was stunned after getting punched in the face. 
He covered his face and felt an indescribable feeling when he looked at Steven, who was defending Skylar. It was as though they never wished to acknowledge that Skylar had been outstanding in the first place. They seemed to feel better if Skylar didn’t do well and if Maisy was more capable. 
They wouldn’t trust or defend Skylar unconditionally as Steven did. 
“Have you ever treated her as a part of your family? What does she have to do with Maisy’s sickness and needing a blood transfusion? 
“You’ve been guilt–tripping her to make her donate her blood. Have you ever thought about her health? Since you guys despise her this much, you’d better not look for her next time.” Steven spat. 
“Also, Kenny Williams, you stole my thesis, yet you have the nerve to come to me! Aren’t you ashamed?” 
he questioned. 
Steven rarely fought with others. He wasn’t bothered by how Kenny had been picking on him secretly. 
However, Skylar was his weakness. He couldn’t bear someone slandering and messing with his younger sister, whom he had been pampering since she was young. 
“What the hell are you talking about?” Kenny was enraged. 
Kenny had been living in regrets since he had stolen Steven’s thesis. He wondered why he would do such 
a lowly act back then. Now, he couldn’t even speak righteously for himself. 
However, he thought Steven had no reason to act arrogantly when it was merely a thesis. 
Steven sneered. He despised Kenny. 
Skylar hadn’t seen Joe for days. 
Paul had sent her a message, telling her that Joe needed to go on a business trip for several days. 
She had recently taken some time to go back and have a meal with her adoptive mother, Janine. 
Then, she went to school to visit Harvey. He would sit for the college entrance exam soon, so he had 
been studying every day. 
She wanted to visit Charles, but he told her that the filming site was in poor condition. He was worried 
she would feel uncomfortable there. Hence, he told her to visit again sometime later. 
Steven called her and told her to make an arrangement. He wanted to meet the person she had married. 
Seeing how Steven insisted on meeting that person, Skylar was slightly troubled. She had no idea how 
she should tell Joe about it. 
Since she was occupied with work, she made up an excuse to turn Steven down. He didn’t press on the 
matter. 
Skylar had completed the last painting at Daniel’s place. She would go for an interview at the auction house the next day, as Daniel recommended 
That afternoon, she had to go shopping with Natalie. 
Natalie and Jeremy had to attend a banquet at 8:00 pm. 
As soon as they met, Natalie started complaining, “I don’t like attending banquets like this since I need to socialize. But this time, they’ve invited both of us. I need to go with Jeremy even if I don’t want to attend. 
“It’s the engagement banquet for the Gardner family’s youngest son, John Gardner. Do you know who else Is attending? Joe Martin–the man we met at the place where we had stew the other day. 
“Joe and John are childhood friends. My husband was their classmate in college, and they’d gather sometimes. But I’ve never met the two of them.” 
Skylar spaced out slightly when she heard Natalie mentioning Joe Martin. 
###chapter105
After a while, Natalie walked out of the dressing room in a customized gown. 
Natalie had fair skin and a bright smile that would make one forget their worries. She looked youthful and was like a fairy in the perfectly tailored white gown. 
“What do you think?” Natalie knew she didn’t have a curvy figure, so she had been envious of Skylar. 
The gown she had selected looked less feminine. 
However, she knew Jeremy was fond of girls with a personality like hers and didn’t care much about body figures. If not, she would be so concerned about her body. 
Skylar was surprised. “It’s beautiful and suits you well.” 
“This will do then.” Natalie twirled in front of the mirror. 
Although she didn’t have a hot figure, she could pull off most outfits. She would be a beauty if she were to find the right style. 
Natalie praised herself secretly. Suddenly, she stared at something behind Skylar. 
Seeing that, Skylar turned to look. 
On the sixty–inch LED screen, Joe was getting interviewed by a female host. 
“Thank you for doing this interview, Mr. Martin. But I have another question. Are you single?” 
Joe fell silent for a brief moment and nodded. 
Although he didn’t answer the question, his non meant that he was single at that moment. 
Skylar arched an eyebrow. 
The female host seemed pleased with his answer. “Mr. Martin, you’re still single although you’re such an outstanding person. Could you tell us the requirements you have for your partner?” 
“As long as it’s someone I like.” Joe’s answer was straightforward. 
“Oh my goodness!” Natalie exclaimed and pointed at somewhere outside the store. “It seems like we’ve bumped into Joe quite frequently these days. Skylar, look. Quick! Isn’t that Joe Martin? I think he’s with the female host who interviewed him.” 
Skylar immediately looked over and saw the two standing in front of a restaurant, chatting happily as they 
headed to the entrance. 
She even caught Joe, whose face was always devoid of expressions, smiling faintly. She could tell he truly admired the female host/ 
“I remember who the female host is! I think she’s Annie Silver, a well–known figure in my husband’s college. She seemed to be the campus belle. She surely knows Joe Martin. 
“Perhaps they merely took advantage of the Interview to flirt. They’ve probably contacted each other secretly since long ago.” Natalie was excited that she had discovered juicy gossip. 
Thinking about what she had found out, Natalie thought she could be a detective. 
Skylar thought Natalie had discovered the truth again. She couldn’t express how she felt after knowing Joe was fond of someone. But she thought she should sort things out and talk to Gloria. 
By then, she could tell her brother she had a quick divorce soon after her marriage. 
Natalie wanted to prove her assumption correct, so she called Jeremy. However, it was Jeremy’s 
secretary who picked up the phone. 
“Mr. Hughes is in a meeting right now, so he couldn’t answer the call.” 
Natalie froze when she heard the soft female voice from the other end of the line. The voice would make 
any man fall for her. 
Natalie wondered if Jeremy had a new secretary. “I’m Mr. Hughes‘ wife. Tell him to call me back when he’s done with the meeting.” 
###chapter106
On the other end of the line, the woman paused for a few seconds before replying indifferently, “Okay, I’ll let Mr. Hughes know.”
After hanging up the phone, Natalie frowned. “He didn’t tell me he’s changed his secretary.”
Skylar heard Natalie mumbling and asked, “What’s wrong?”
Natalie smiled. “Nothing. My husband is in a meeting right now, so he couldn’t answer my call. It was his secretary who picked up the phone. It’s a bit strange, though. I wonder why the previous secretary quit; he was doing quite well. Whatever, I don’t usually get involved in his work matters.”
She continued, “It’s a pity I couldn’t get immediate information about the gossip. I’ll ask him when I see him tonight. Then, I’ll share the full story between Joe and Annie with you.”
“Okay, I’ll wait for first-hand news from you,” Skylar replied, smiling.
After that, the two spent the afternoon shopping at the mall. Natalie bought a variety of things, and Skylar picked out some clothes for herself and a set for Janine. They left the mall with their arms full.
Jeremy had sent a chauffeur to pick Natalie up. Skylar made her way to the parking lot after seeing Natalie safely and happily into the car.
Not long after she left the parking lot, she reached a major intersection. While waiting at the traffic light, the car felt slightly stuffy, so she rolled down the window for some fresh air. Suddenly, she felt a gaze on her and turned to the side.
Across the road, Joe was sitting in his car. He was staring at her, looking visibly surprised to see her there. Since her window was down, Skylar could also see Annie sitting beside him.
Annie looked stunning on screen, but in person, she was even more breathtaking. Her features were sharp and elegant, giving her the aura of a sophisticated lady from a prominent family. Annie seemed to sense Joe looking away, and she followed his gaze in Skylar’s direction.
Women often have keen instincts. Annie frowned when she saw Skylar, noticing that Joe had been staring at the woman across the road for an unusually long time while waiting for the light to change.
Skylar swiftly regained her composure and withdrew her gaze, pretending she didn’t know Joe. She was afraid of triggering Annie’s suspicion. When the green light finally lit up, Skylar stepped on the accelerator and sped off as if she were running for her life. If it weren't for the city's speed limits, she would have been long gone from that road in seconds.
After driving for some distance, Skylar felt amused by her own reaction. She was his legal wife, yet she felt a pang of guilt seeing her husband with another woman. But given their covert marriage, they had to maintain a clear, public line between them.
Meanwhile, Caleb rarely visited his grandfather’s workplace. Alexander had been so busy recently that Caleb hadn't been able to get ahold of him. Everyone on Alexander’s team knew Caleb and welcomed him with warm greetings as he walked through the building.
“Where’s my grandpa?” he asked.
“Mr. Gardner Senior is resting on the sixth floor.”
Knowing where Alexander was, Caleb immediately took the elevator to the sixth floor, which housed a quiet lounge area.

###chapter107
After a long day, the team members could head to the sixth floor to grab a coffee or hit the treadmill for a workout. The gym was well–equipped too. 
Even though Alexander was getting on in years, he still belleved in exercising to keep himself healthy. 
When Caleb arrived on the sixth floor, he found Alexander strolling on one of the treadmills. 
Caleb jogged over while saying, “Grandpa, there you are! I’ve been looking for you.” 
Startled by Caleb’s voice, Alexander almost lost his balance. He quickly grabbed the handles to steady 
himself before glaring at Caleb. 
Alexander then asked irritatedly. “What are you doing here?” 
“It’s been days since we met. Don’t you miss me, Grandpa?” Caleb asked resentfully. 
Alexander scoffed. “What’s there to miss? 
Caleb was used to being disliked by Alexander and didn’t take it personally. He turned on the treadmill 
next to Alexander’s and started walking. 
“Look, old fart. You don’t like me and I don’t like you too. I just think that you’re getting older. Sometimes your eyes might not be that perfect anymore.” 
“My eyes are just fine. I just fixed an antique pocket watch yesterday. Age has nothing to do with it, you little punk. If you have something to say, just say it. Stop with the sarcasm,” Alexander glared at Caleb. 
Caleb grew up with Alexander. So, Alexander knew what he was up to. 
He was there to get Alexander to reconsider the young lady he mentioned before. 
Over the past few days, Alexander had looked at Skylar’s résumé. 
Sure, the photos showed she had done some restoration work, but photos could be made up. Résumé, on 
the other hand, couldn’t lie. 
Her qualifications didn’t suggest that she could restore the pieces in those pictures. 
who was 
That meant Skylar was lying. Alexander didn’t want anybody in his team who wasn’t the real deal. 
“Look, Grandpa. I’m serious. Skylar really is talented. She restored two paintings for Daniel. They’re now at the auction house. I watched her work every day while she was restoring the paintings. No offense, but I think she’s better at it than you are,” Caleb said nervously. 
Alexander wasn’t buying it. “Don’t try to sweet–talk me.” 
“How about this, old fart. I’ll quit my job at Daniel’s place and work with you full–time. But under one condition–you’ll interview Skylar. If she’s as bad as you think, I’ll move into this building and learn from you for a year, starting from the basics. How’s that? 
“This is your last chance, Grandpa. I’m the only one in this family with a bit of talent for this. This is also 
Chande 107 
the only shop that does restoration work in this town. Who are you going to pass it on to if not me?” 
Caleb had no choice but to make the proposal. 
Alexander clenched his teeth. He was annoyed, but Caleb did hit a weak spot. 
Fine, Alexander thought. He would give Skylar a chance to see what all the fuss was about. Skylar would have to show her true self once she met Alexander anyway. 
“Alright, tell her to come tomorrow,” Alexander agreed. 
Caleb scratched his head. “You’ll have to contact her through the usual ways. She doesn’t know I’m your 
grandson yet.” 
Alexander was surprised. “She doesn’t know who you are?” He couldn’t help but think Caleb was lying to 
him. 
“Yeah, she doesn’t. She thinks I’m just a regular worker. She even worries I might not have enough to eat. Skylar isn’t what you think. You’ll see for yourself,” Caleb explained. He felt a bit awkward, as if Alexander 
had discovered his secret. 
Alexander turned off his treadmill and wiped his sweat. He then narrowed his eyes as he studied Caleb. Alright, I’ll see what she’s really like.” 
Was he going to be a Great–Grandpa soon? 
Caleb felt uncomfortable by the intense gaze and quickly changed the topic. “Let’s go. Uncle John is. getting engaged tonight. My parents can’t make it so you and I will have to be there.” 
Alexander looked at the time. “Oh, I almost forgot about that.” 
Caleb rolled his eyes. Alexander forgot his own son’s engagement, yet he claimed to have a great memory. What a stubborn old man. 
Skylar had just returned to Galaxy Villa when her phone buzzed with a new message from Natalie. It was a photo of Joe and Annie toasting each other while being surrounded by other guests. 
###chapter108
The real attention–grabbers at the party were the lovely duo, Joe and Annie. 
When they were together, it was as if everybody else disappeared. All eyes were on them only. 
They were a match made in heaven, the perfect couple that stole the limelight. 
Natalie: “See that? They showed up together at John’s engagement party again. There’s no way they’re just friends, right? I asked my husband, but he told me not to snoop into Joe’s business.” 
Natalie: “But I still think you’re the prettiest. Annie is pretty too but she’s got nothing on you. Skye, you’ve got that captivating charm like a little siren who can steal anybody’s breath away!” 
As Skylar read the increasingly ridiculous messages from Natalie, she glanced at the photo again. 
She felt uneasy. To repay her debts to Gloria, she inadvertently found herself cast as a mistress in Joe’s 
relationship with Annie. 
Now she understood why Joe always treated her with that cold and distant attitude. It was because he 
already had someone he liked. 
Later that night, just as she was about to go to bed, Skylar received a call from Alexander’s team. 
They apologized for calling her so late at night and explained that they had overlooked her résumé during the screening process and missed her interview. They would like to interview her if she had time the next 
day. 
Even though Skylar’s spirits had been low after learning about Joe and Annie’s relationship, the call from Alexander’s team brightened her mood. 
She had also agreed to meet with the auction house the following day. So, she decided to go for the interview with Alexander’s team in the morning before going to the auction house in the afternoon. 
After all, Alexander’s team had high standards, and she wasn’t sure if she could make the cut. 
Feeling optimistic about the future, Skylar shared the good news with Janine and Steven. They wished her luck and said that no matter the outcome, she would always be the best to them. 
With their support, Skylar felt ready to face whatever came her way. 
She fell asleep with a smile on her face. 
When Skylar went downstairs to make breakfast the next morning, she noticed that Joe hadn’t returned home last night. 
It didn’t surprise her. Natalie had mentioned that Annie had just returned from abroad less than a month. ago. It made sense that both of them would want to spend time together since they hadn’t met for a long 
time. 
As she finished breakfast and headed out the door, Skylar glanced back at Galaxy Villa. 
She needed to find an excuse to move out and tell Gloria she was busy with work. That way, she could eventually end this spontaneous marriage arrangement with Joe without causing any fuss. 
Joe woke up with a pounding headache. He had drunk a lot the night before and ended up crashing on 
the Gardners‘ yacht.. 
Almost everyone who attended the engagement party spent the night 
on the s 
He rubbed his temples and remembered something. He immediately called Paul. 
Paul also spent the night on the yacht. He was already up and answered the call quickly. 
“Mr. Martin, are we leaving the yacht now?” Paul asked. 
Joe frowned. “Did you tell Skylar I was back in town?” 
“No, Mr. Martin.” Paul was surprised by that question. He didn’t recall Joe instructing him to update Skylar 
about his whereabouts. 
Joe’s expression darkened. “Then tell her.” 
“Got it, Mr. Martin, Paul replied. 
“Wait, never mind. Forget about what I said.” Joe suddenly changed his mind. 
Paul was confused. Was Joe trying to keep Skylar informed about his whereabouts or not? 
Joe looked at his phone. He had been out of town for more than a week, yet Skylar didn’t even send him a message or call him once. 
His expression grew darker. 
###chapter109
Skylar arrived for her interview promptly at 9:30 am as instructed. 
There were two other candidates waiting with her. Both of the men seemed to be ten years older than she 
was. 
When they saw her, they both frowned a bit. 
Skylar was so young. Was she here because she had connections? 
Only the real deal got to join Alexander’s team. He turned away many people who tried to use their 
connections to get in. 
Could a young lady like Skylar have the skills for the job? 
Both men gave Skylar a slight look of disdain. To them, she seemed too attractive to be truly talented. 
Skylar realized their looks, but she didn’t mind them at all. 
“I thought they weren’t going to give me an interview,” one of the men said to the other. “Surprisingly, they called me up last night. Did you receive a call from them as well?” 
“Yes, I did. I was ready to start looking somewhere else. I thought it was a shame that I couldn’t get into 
Mr. Gardner Senior’s team,” the other man said. 
“Looks like luck is on our side,” One of the men replied. 
They kept talking as if they were laying the groundwork for their future as colleagues. 
They ignored Skylar’s presence and treated her like she wasn’t there. 
Thankfully, they didn’t have to wait long. In about ten minutes, they were called in. 
It wasn’t Alexander himself conducting the interview, but three middle–aged professionals in their 40s 
They looked like trusted members of Alexander, people who had earned their place through hard work 
and skill. 
“Your task is to identify which ones are fake. Take a good look at the ancient coins, paintings, bronzes, and ceramics. Then, write down which ones are fake in order,” one of the interviewers said. 
There were about 50 to 60 items placed in front of them. 
The items were all organized on the table and on the wall. 
She wasn’t sure how many stages there were in this interview. After all, each interview varied from place to place. 
Identifying the genuine from the fake wasn’t difficult for her before. On top of that, she didn’t need as much time to identify them now. 
It was almost as if she had a connection with the antiques. She could sense the stories behind them, so it 
harter 
was easy for her to identify the fake ones. 
Plus, she had been learning from Viola since she was a child. These were just the basics for her. 
It only took her a few minutes to complete the task. 
Her speed shocked the three interviewers. 
Initially, they thought Skylar was trying to draw attention by answering quickly without taking the process 
seriously. 
The other two candidates were also taken aback by her speed before looking at her disdainfully. 
They thought participating in an interview with someone who seemed to be rushing through it and not taking the interview seriously felt like an insult to them. 
The three interviewers shared the same skepticism. Their expressions were cold and reserved. 
Alexander and Caleb witnessed the whole scene from the monitor 
room. 
Alexander’s eyes were icy. Skylar was a show–off, just as he expected. 
“What do you have to say now?” He looked at Caleb. 
Caleb felt a little bit unsure. He had never seen Skylar evaluate so many items at once, so he couldn’t tell for sure. However, he believed in her. 
“It’s the results that matter, not how fast or slow she goes. Why are you jumping to conclusions, Grandpa?” 
“What’s gotten into you? It’s like you’re under some kind of spell.” Alexander rolled his eyes. 
“Just wait, Grandpa. You’ll know what I’m talking about,” Caleb insisted. 
He had faith in Skylar. However, he was confused by the items that were being placed together. Alexander’s collection of fakes was incredibly convincing. He couldn’t tell which ones were fake, either. 
Chopte 110 
###chapter110
Alexander didn’t believe in Caleb’s words. 
However, since he had already promised Caleb to give Skylar a chance, he couldn’t call it off when the Interview just began. 
Besides, he had nothing scheduled for that morning. He could stick around and let Caleb see that Skylar 
wasn’t who he thought she was. 
Though Alexander had to admit, Skylar was a pretty girl. She was definitely the type of a young man like 
Caleb would like. 
However, she didn’t look like she belonged in this field. She didn’t give off that sense of reliability. 
When the two other candidates handed in their answers, the interviewers looked at all of their answers. 
They purposely placed Skylar’s answer at the bottom and looked at the other two candidates‘ answers 
first. 
In their line of work, they had to take things seriously. There was no room for jokes when it comes to antiques. Since Skylar treated the interview as a joke, they weren’t about to respect her either. 
The two candidates beside Skylar were getting tense. Everyone kept saying that Alexander’s team had strict standards. It definitely looked like it, as well. 
The fakes were incredibly convincing. If they hadn’t spent years in this field, they probably couldn’t tell the 
difference. 
When the interviewers checked the two candidates‘ answers, they seemed unsurprised by the results. 
When they first joined the team, they couldn’t spot all the fakes too. Some of the items were crafted so perfectly they looked identical to the real thing. 
Finally, they turned to look at Skylar’s answers. At first, they didn’t think much of it. After all, she completed the task too quickly. 
Skylar remained calm. She wasn’t nervous at all. 
Yet, in the monitoring room, Caleb was on edge and took a deep breath. 
Alexander glanced at Caleb. “Why are you so tense?” 
“I’m not tense. Skylar is the real deal. If she’s not worried, why should I be?” Caleb replied while trying to sound confident. 
Alexander grunted. Watching from the monitor, Skylar did seem genuinely relaxed. He wasn’t sure if it was just an act 
When the interviewers checked Skylar’s answers, they exchanged glances with each other and were all 
stunned. 
She had answered all of them correctly. She successfully identified all the fakes. Ever since they joined the team, they had never met someone who could answer all of them correctly. 
If it were to be someone who had worked in the team for years, of course, they would be able to identify 
the fakes. However, this was Skylar’s first time interviewing. 
Skylar noticed the interviewers staring at her. She asked with a polite smile, “Is there something wrong with my answers?” 
“No, not at all,” One of them replied. 
The fact that there was no problem was the problem. 
Luckily, they managed to keep their composure. One of them then said, “Follow me to the next stage of 
the interview.” 
One of the interviewers took all of the candidates‘ answers to the monitor room. 
Caleb saw what was going on and felt his anxiety rise. 
What did their reactions mean? What would happen if Skylar failed to identify the fake ones? 
Skylar was impressive. It was Alexander’s ridiculously convincing fake antiques‘ fault if she couldn’t spot 
them. 
“Do you still want to keep watching?” Alexander asked. 
“Of course,” Caleb said while acting tough. “I want you to see for yourself how skilled Skylar is at restoring antiques. Honestly, your fakes are too good. It would be normal if she missed a few.” 
Alexander was speechless while watching Caleb acting tough. He didn’t know what to make of him 
anymore. 
###chapter111
Caleb was a hopeless romantic. 
However, when the three interviewers presented the answers to Alexander, he pointed at one of the papers and asked, “Whose is this?” 
“It belongs to Skylar, the girl among the three Mr Gardner Senior, her speed in identifying the fakes was astonishing At first, we thought she might be cheating 
“But we always change the items used in the interview to prevent anybody from knowing the answers in advance. Yet, she successfully identified all the fake ones accurately, one of them explained. His voice was filled with disbelief 
Alexander was stunned, and so was Caleb He knew Skylar was skilled, but he didn’t expect her to be this 
amazing! 
He blinked in surprise before bursting out laughing. 
Alexander’s face turned dark upon seeing Caleb laughing arrogantly. However, there was a hint of 
excitement in his eyes. 
“This young woman has good eyes. She must have studied authentic pieces extensively on a normal basis. Have them proceed to restoration,” Alexander said. 
Tve already assigned them to restore an antique pocket watch,” the man replied. 
Alexander nodded. “Have them work on a painting as well. We have a few that are in fragments. They don’t have to restore the entire painting, just part of it following our guidelines. Let’s see what they can do. 
Most importantly, he wanted to test Skylar’s abilities. 
Since he was young, he had only admired Viola, who taught him much of what he knew. Sadly, Viola never took on apprentices. She had even disappeared over the years, and he had no idea where she was 
currently 
Was it just him, or did he see a hint of Viola’s spirit in Skylar’s determination and decisiveness when identifying the fakes? 
With the confidence that Skylar would succeed, Caleb couldn’t take his eyes off her on the monitor more he watched, the more fascinated he became 
The 
He really liked Skylar. He knew it was love at first sight from the moment he saw her restoring antiques. However, now he wondered if his love of extreme sports and motorbikes made him unworthy of her. 
A new seed of change was sprouting in his heart. He had decided to turn a new leaf for Skylar! Meanwhile, the monitors could clearly show Skylar’s professionalism and how focused she was while working on restoration. She was also fast. 
They weren’t given much to restore, so they were unlikely to work on it all day. However, they would still 
need a few hours to complete the task. 
In the past, Caleb wouldn’t have had the patience to watch someone restore old antiques. He would much rather watch skydiving. 
However, now he didn’t even want to leave the monitor for a split second. 
When he was at Daniel’s shop, he couldn’t keep staring at Skylar, or else he would get an earful from Daniel. 
Alexander became increasingly absorbed as he watched Skylar doing the restoration work. He even asked the security team to zoom in so he could watch every detail of her process. 
Both Alexander and Caleb were focused on watching Skylar. Even the security guard from the monitor room also took a look at her. 
He didn’t understand why anybody would be so engrossed in something as boring as restoring antiques. However, Skylar did have a pair of beautiful hands. They were fair and slender. 
Skylar was unaware that her every move was being watched. After finishing the final step of her work, she stood up to wash her hands. 
She was the first to finish again. 
Having learned from earlier, the other two candidates weren’t nervous at all. They figured Skylar was just showing off and was likely to have botched the restoration. 
Instead of sitting down, Skylar walked over to the window and quietly gazed at the scenery. 
She took a look at her watch. It was 12:30 pm. 
###chapter112
The interviewers no longer dismissed Skylar after what happened just now 
Earlier, they thought Skylar was just a show off. However, after knowing her capabilities, they couldn’t resist approaching the two antiques she had just finished restoring 
Whether it was the fragments of the pocket watch or the repaired sections of the old painting, her 
craftsmanship was exceptional 
These interviewers had been with Alexander for years. They always believed that they were among the 
best in the industry 
That was until they had seen Skylar’s work. Now, they were filled with a little embarrassment, 
Had they not seen it with their own eyes, they might have doubted the possibility of it 
When the other two candidates had completed their tasks, Alexander entered the room. 
Skylar heard the door open and turned to face Alexander 
She had seen his interviews on television. He looked the same as his appearances on screen. Despite 
being 70 years old, Alexander still looked vibrant and energetic. 
“Let me take a look.” Alexander headed over to examine the restored pieces. 
He went through them one by one before finally stopping in front of Skylar’s work. 
Skylar held her breath and felt a little bit nervous when Alexander was examining her work. 
She knew Alexander had high standards and wasn’t sure if her work would meet his expectations. 
Alexander’s eyes grew brighter. He was a little excited. 
For years, he didn’t have any new recruits because he couldn’t find someone who could meet his expectations. Finally, he found someone! 
Caleb had always been a wild child, but it seemed he had brought Alexander a talented granddaughter–in- law. If Caleb didn’t want to take over his business, maybe Skylar could do so! 
“Are you Skylar Sullivan?” Alexander asked while looking at her. 
Skylar nodded. “Yes, Mr. Gardner Senior.” 
“You’re hired. You can start tomorrow,” Alexander said while trying to keep his excitement under control. He might have been thrilled, but as a respected academic figure, he had to maintain his composure. 
His tone was calm. 
Skylar, on the other hand, was overjoyed. “Thank you!” 
She couldn’t believe it. She actually made it to Alexander’s team! 
One of the candidates stepped forward. His face was flushed with anger. “I don’t buy it. How could she do 
a better job than the both of us? Mr. Gardner Senior, I heard you never hire people through connections. But she clearly got in through some back door.” 
How could a nobody like Skylar compare to them? 
They were well–known in the industry. If they lost the job position to someone who got in through connections, it would be the greatest insult to them. 
It was one thing to lose to someone with talent. At least they would be convinced. 
However, they were not convinced that they lost to someone like Skylar. 
Alexander didn’t get angry at the man’s outburst. Instead, he beckoned them over. “Take a look at her 
restoration work.” 
One of the interviewers explained, “In the previous round, she was the only person who successfully 
identified all the fakes.” 
The two candidates inspected Skylar’s restoration work and were stunned. Their faces then flushed in 
embarrassment. 
It was clear that she was better than they were. Were all youngsters nowadays this crazy skilled? 
They had spent over a decade honing their craft and now this young woman outperformed them. It was 
humbling. 
Alexander watched Skylar closely. From the moment she was questioned to the moment her talent was proven, she had shown no emotions. She remained calm and composed. 
Her demeanor reminded Alexander of someone he used to know. 
Ten minutes later, Alexander returned to the break room. This time, he was all smiles, beaming with approval and praising Caleb. 
###chapter113
“That young lady is quite outstanding!” Alexander exclaimed. 
Caleb was sweating from running around. He rolled his eyes while feeling a bit of pride. “Of course she is! I told you she has the skills but you didn’t believe me. If I hadn’t insisted, your team would have missed out on a real talent.” 
“You did well this time,” Alexander said jovially. “Tell me, what do you want? Whatever it is, I’ll grant it.” 
He reached into his pocket and pulled out a card. “Take this. You can’t be stingy when you’re wooing someone. That young lady passed my test. She’s good enough to be my granddaughter–in– law.” 
Caleb blushed at his words. “Grandpa, nothing’s set in stone yet.” 
“What’s not set in stone? Do your best. If you can’t win her over, then don’t call yourself my grandson. It would be an embarrassment.” Alexander huffed and shot an exasperated glance at Caleb, leaving him speechless. 
Skylar left the place and immediately called the auction house to let them know she would no longer 
attend the interview. 
She then shared the good news with Janine and Steven. 
To celebrate her success, they invited her over for dinner with the whole family. 
Skylar then told Caleb about the good news. 
“I knew you could do it. I believed in you from the start.” Caleb felt a little uneasy since he already knew the results. He didn’t know how to tell her that he was Alexander’s grandson, 
*When do you have time? I’ll treat you to a meal,” Skylar smiled and said. 
“I’ve got the time today. I’m right around the corner actually,” Caleb replied eagerly. When it came to spending time with Skylar, he was always up for it. 
Skylar was surprised by his enthusiasm and looked at the time. It’s one in the afternoon. “Have lunch yet?” 
you 
had 
Caleb, who was holding a burger wrapper, quickly tossed it aside. “Nope. I’m starving.” 
“Then let’s have lunch together. What do you feel like having?” Skylar asked. 
fine with anything. You decide and send me the location later. I’ll go get you now,” Caleb replied. 
“Okay,” Skylar replied. 
In reality, Caleb was still watching Skylar in the break room. 
He quickly ran downstairs, found his motorbike, and even rode around the block before heading to 
to Skylar. 
Skylar stood by the road and watched as Caleb crossed the street on his bike. He was youthful and full of 
energy. 
She smiled as he reminded her of her younger brother, Harvey. Both of them had that same youthful 
energy. 
When Caleb saw Skylar’s smile, he got momentarily distracted. By the time he snapped out of it, he realized a child was in his way. He couldn’t stop in time and fell down with the bike to avoid hitting the kid. 
The smile on Skylar’s face vanished. “Caleb!” 
Caleb had crashed his bike before, but nothing was as bad as it was this time. 
As the child started crying in fright, Caleb smiled bitterly at Skylar, who was running toward him. “Looks 
like lunch’s off,” he said. 
“Stop talking. I’m taking you to the hospital,” Skylar said with panic in her voice. 
It was like she had been transported back to her previous life, where she had pushed Sadie out of the way 
only to get into a horrific accident herself. 
Caleb saw Skylar’s pale face and gave her a wide smile. “I’m fine. Really, I’m fine!” 
The crash had caused a traffic jam at the intersection. 
A car window rolled down, and a man poked his head out to look at Caleb and Skylar. 
“Is that Ms. Sullivan?” Paul asked with surprise when he saw Skylar. 
###chapter114
Joe glanced over immediately. He saw Skylar helping Caleb to his feet. 
“Ms. Sullivan seems to know the guy who fell off the motorcycle,” Paul said. 
Joe frowned. His eyes were focused on Caleb, who was all eyes on Skylar. “Caleb?” 
“Yeah. That really is Mr. Alexander Senior’s grandson, Caleb.” Paul was surprised. 
Skylar knew who Caleb was. What were the odds? 
Joe remained focused on Skylar. Her face was pale, probably from the shock of witnessing the accident. 
She usually appeared to be brave, but an accident got her looking pretty shaken up. She was still a woman with a delicate heart, after all. 
“Should I go help Ms. Sullivan and Caleb?” Paul was ready to get out of the car. 
Joe saw that there were already plenty of people assisting and felt that he wouldn’t be much of a help even if he went. 
He withdrew his focus from Skylar when Paul looked at Joe. “No need. Let’s head to the hospital.” 
Paul was then reminded that they were heading to the hospital today. 
Gloria insisted that Joe have his regular health checks every two months because of his insomnia. So, he 
would head to the hospital to keep his health in check. 
Since his schedule was empty that day, he could take the time to visit the hospital. 
At that time, Caleb and Skylar were already in the ambulance with the help of passersby. The traffic police 
also towed Caleb’s bike. 
Half an hour later, Caleb and Skylar arrived at the hospital. 
After a thorough check–up, the doctor confirmed that Caleb had fractured his left leg and would require 
surgery. 
What made it worse was that he had an old injury on that leg, and this accident just aggravated it. There 
was no avoiding a hospital stay now, 
Caleb wasn’t thrilled about being hospitalized. “Is it really that bad? I don’t want to stay here. Can’t I just 
get a cast and go home?” 
‘Listen to the doctor. Unless you want to give up on riding bikes?” Skylar advised after seeing the doctor’s annoyed expression. 
“Are you the patient’s family? Please pay at the counter first.” The doctor looked at Skylar. 
Skylar nodded. “Alright, I’ll take care of it now.” 
Caleb blushed when Skylar didn’t deny being his family. Did she just admit being related to him? 
A few minutes later, Skylar returned to the hospital room. 
Caleb was still blushing. “How much was it? I’ll transfer the money to you,” 
“Pay me back once you get your salary. You should let your parents know about your surgery so they can come and take good care of you. It also requires a relative’s signature,” Skylar said, looking at the receipt. 
“My parents can’t make it and my grandpa won’t be able to come either. I could ask Uncle John but he’s busy.” Caleb’s eyes darted as he concocted a plan. 
He still hadn’t figured out how to tell Skylar about him being Alexander’s grandson. So, he couldn’t let 
Alexander come over. 
So, John was his only option. Besides, he could use this situation to his advantage and get some sympathy from Skylar since there were no family members there to take care of him. 
Skylar sensed that Caleb was hiding something. She remembered that he had dropped out of high school, which likely meant there were reasons he couldn’t continue his studies. 
“Then have your Uncle John sign for the surgery. I’ll bring you food whenever I’m available. If you need anything, ask the nurse to contact me,” Skylar said. 
Caleb’s eyes lit up at the mention of food. Did he finally have the chance to taste Skylar’s home– cooked 
meals? 
Skylar checked the time. “You still have a test result that hasn’t come back. It should be out now. I’ll go 
pick it up.” 
*Skylar, you really are amazing.” Caleb was extremely grateful to her. 
###chapter115
Caleb couldn’t imagine falling in love with anybody else in his life. He had decided to keep loving Skylar 
alonel 
Skylar smiled. “Rest well.” 
While she was off paying the bills, Caleb gave John a call. 
After hanging up, he leaned back on the hospital bed. Despite the waves of pain in his leg, he was feeling pretty good about things. 
Skylar picked up the medical report and was about to head back to see the doctor when she heard a voice. 
“Skye?” 
“It really is you, Skye!” 
The voices were familiar. As Skylar raised her gaze, her expression turned cold. 
It was Christopher and Amelia. 
Christopher rushed over to her. “Skye, did you come to visit my mom? Have you finally forgiven us?” 
“Skye, are you here to see me? I’ve missed you,” Amelia added. 
Her attitude was the same as before. However, she was harboring a hidden resentment. 
When Christopher found out that Skylar had called Janine and made things worse instead of trying to resolve the issue, he blamed her and told her their current situation. 
Christopher had been fired from his job and was still looking for one. They were burning through their savings. 
To make matters worse, her illness had worsened, and she needed surgery. However, they didn’t have enough money for that. 
She had asked Christopher to contact Maisy for help, but she turned them down because she didn’t want to cause any misunderstandings with her family members. 
Only then was she beginning to realize that Skylar was a nice girl. At least she could take good care of Amelia. 
Without Skyla 
Skylar, her days in the hospital room were terrible. They couldn’t afford care workers as well. 
“Skye, can’t we go back to how things were? We’ve been together for so many years. Please trust me. Why don’t we get married? I’ll belong to you and only youl Christopher pleaded desperately. 
He wasn’t pretending. In the past few weeks, he had been reminiscing about their high school days when their love seemed perfect and pure. 
Not sure what had gotten into him, he thought there was no love between them and had fallen for Maisy: 
Instead. He knew now that he had made a mistake. 
Not far away, Joe watched the scene unfold. He had a distant look and a faint smile on his lips. 
Paul’s eyes widened. “Isn’t that Christopher? Ms. Sullivan’s ex–boyfriend?” 
It looked like they hadn’t broken up at all. 
Skylar was facing away from them. So, all they could see was Christopher acting all lovey–dovey. 
They also heard what Christopher said clearly, Was he proposing to Skylar? 
From his earlier research, Skylar and Christopher had a long history of being together. They were high- 
school sweethearts. It was a sweet and innocent love. 
Paul glanced at Joe to gauge his reaction. His expression remained unchanged. It looked like Joe wasn’t 
interested in Skylar at all. 
With one hand in his pocket, Joe remained focused on Skylar. For some reason, he was feeling annoyed. 
Was she going to forgive a man who betrayed her? 
“Skye, it was all a misunderstanding. I’ve already cleared it up and gave him a piece of my mind. He won’t let other women near him anymore. There won’t be inappropriate photos spreading out anymore, either. 
“Skye, I’ve missed you so much during these times when you weren’t around. Please get back together with Christopher,” Amelia said, her eyes dripping with fake tears. She was a good actress. 
###chapter116
“Maybe I was too blind to believe in you before, but I won’t waste my time with you anymore now. Get out of my way!” Skylar’s anger was barely contained. 
She patiently listened to them, not because she still had any expectations but because she wanted to see 
how shameless they could be. 
She felt relieved now that she had heard them out. They were as shameless as she thought they would be. 
Amelia’s face turned bitter. “Skye, how could you…what did we ever do to deceive you?” 
She spoke while she clutched her chest as if she was upset by Skylar’s words. 
Christopher’s handsome face turned pale. He remembered what Maisy had said to him. He bit his lip and blurted, “You’ve changed. Was Maisy right? Have you been seeing someone else? Are you cheating on 
me?” 
Christopher basically yelled the last part. He couldn’t believe Skylar would betray him! 
He thought she would never leave him. Who knew she would resort to being a sugar baby? 
“Skye, you were always the model student and a good kid. How could you just throw away what you and Christopher had for so many years? 
“And if you were to throw it all away, you didn’t have to stoop so low to be a sugar baby. It’s breaking Christopher’s heart to see you like this,” Amelia said, her voice dripping with self– righteousness. 
She hated Skylar for her actions. If they were to break up, Christopher should be the person to say it first. 
Even after they had broken up, if Christopher hadn’t found someone better, why should Skylar get to move on to someone more successful? 
Paul frowned. “Are they out of their minds? The Williamses said I was Ms. Sullivan’s sugar daddy. I think all of them need to get their eyes checked.” 
He glanced at Joe to see his reaction. 
Unexpectedly, Joe shot him back with a cold look. It was as if he was asking Paul if he thought he was 
worthy to be one. 
Paul screamed in his heart that he was definitely not worthy. He didn’t want to be sent to Aglana. 
Joe focused on the medical report in Skylar’s clenched fist. His gaze darkened. 
“Give me a break! You’re heartless, and I believe in karma. You’re going to get what’s coming to you. The world is a big place, but your minds are twisted, and you have no boundaries. 
“You just can’t imagine anybody acting differently. Get out of my way, now!” Skylar snapped. She had exhausted her patience. 
These twisted and manipulative words made her sick to the stomach. 
Christopher and Amelia’s eyes widened as if they couldn’t recognize Skylar anymore. 
“Skylar!” Amelia yelled. She was filled with so much anger that she was about to faint. 
Christopher’s face darkened. “Do you know what you’re saying? Skylar, you’ve changed.” 
At that time, Joe was already striding toward them. Skylar hadn’t noticed he was behind her. 
Christopher wasn’t going to back down. However, when he saw Paul following behind Joe, he knew this 
was his chance to turn things around. 
He pointed accusingly at Paul while walking up to Joe and said, “Mr. Martin, your assistant, Paul had been acting inappropriately. He stole my girlfriend! She had just graduated and didn’t know how dangerous people could be. That’s why Paul took advantage of her!” 
He shouted and acted like he was the ultimate victim. 
###chapter117
Christopher was determined to destroy Paul! 
Just when Skylar thought she had seen it all, Christopher managed to lower the bar even further. 
Paul was exasperated. “You shamelessly mess around with other women and the fake heiress from the Williams, then now you’re accusing me and Ms. Sullivan? Since you’re here at the hospital, why don’t you see a specialist?” 
“Christopher, I always knew you were shameless. But I did 
over and slapped him. 
expect you to go this low.” Skylar walked 
She wanted to do that for a long time. Everything he had done and the lies he had told had driven her to the edge 
How could she have let him waste seven years of her life? 
Joe looked at Christopher with an icy look, like a king looking down on an ant. He didn’t say a word, yet he exuded a commanding presence. 
Christopher was stunned by the slap. “Did you just slap me for that guy? Skylar, you’ve changed!” 
“Are you insane? Did you just hit my son?” Amelia yelled with a shrill voice. “Did you think Christopher genuinely likes you? You were the one clinging onto him. That’s why he had no choice but to be with you. 
“Do you think you’re that noble, huh? Even your own parents don’t want you. You’re just a country girl. How 
dare you slap Christopher? You deserve nothing but misery!” 
Amelia’s outburst sent her into a rage. She looked like she might collapse on the floor. Her face was 
contorted in anger. 
If she had the strength, she would’ve lunged at Skylar and ripped her mouth. 
“Ask your son to stay away from me. If both of you are so innocept and above it all, why don’t you give back every cent you took from me? 
“I used to think I was helping the needy and doing a good deed. After all, even a dog would know how to be grateful to its owner. Now I feel nothing but disgusted by both of you,” Skylar said coldly. 
Skylar took a deep breath. Her face turned even more pale than before. 
She had never felt so exposed before, and it bothered her that Joe was seeing her in this state. It was like her vulnerabilities were on display. 
Amelia had been sick. Skylar had spent more time taking care of her than Christopher did. However, the 
only thing she got in return was insults and ridicule instead of gratitude. 
Humanity could be so ugly. 
A crowd had gathered around. 
22 
It was a hospital, after all. It was a big fight and there were plenty of people around as well. 
Some patients recognized Amelia and quietly whispered to one another, “I can’t stand her as well. As soon as that young lady shows up, she acts helpless and makes her do everything.” 
“And as soon as leaves, she’s back to badmouthing her. Calling her a fool for liking her son 
e young lady and even saying that the young lady needs to please her or else she’ll have her son break up with her!” 
That young lady was so sweet. If she hadn’t been so devoted to her son, I would’ve taken her for my own daughter–in–law.” 
“It’s unbearable. Just unbearable.” 
The patients weren’t loud, but the others could hear every word clearly. 
Joe looked at Skylar and then leaned in to whisper to Paul. 
“Ms. Sullivan, would you like me to find you a lawyer? I can make sure they return every penny to you,” 
Paul said to Skylar. 
He felt s 
sick by the audacity of Amelia and Christopher. What a shameless family! 
Amelia was startled by the mention of lawyers and how she would need to return every penny to Skylar. 
She panicked. “You can’t treat people like this! You gave us that money of your own free will! Christopher, let’s go. Even if she regrets and begs you, don’t forgive her.” 
###chapter118
There was no way they could return that money 
Amelia still needed surgery to live a long life. Their savings were almost depleted, and there was no way they could return Skylar the money. 
Skylar was so mean! 
Amelia clutched Christopher’s arm while trying to hurry him away. 
Christopher’s eyes were red with anger, and his face was pale. He looked at Joe while feeling resentful. 
Mr. Martin, are you really going to keep a homewrecker by your side?” 
“Why? Do you think you can take my place? Who do you think you are? You’re nothing compared to me.” 
Paul rolled his eye 
Not everybody could handle this job. He was one in a million, and he worked hard to become Joe’s 
assistant. 
Paul thought Christopher was insulting him. It was one thing when there were tons of people who would give anything to get that job, but it was another when someone as useless as Christopher thought he could just waltz in and take the job. 
Christopher’s face grew even paler. When he glanced at Skylar, the coldness in her eyes felt like she was 
looking at her enemy. 
With a sinking feeling, he realized that Skylar truly hated him. She really didn’t want to get together with 
him anymore. 
Christopher panicked. “Skye, let’s go somewhere quiet and talk this through, okay?” 
“There’s no need for that. Just stay out of my life,” Skylar said, showing no emotions. She gripped the medical report and walked away without looking back. 
When she passed by Joe, she paused for a moment and turned to face Paul. “Thanks.” 
“Uh, you’re welcome,” Paul replied. 
Christopher was about to go after her but was held back by Amelia. She reminded him softly, “We took a lot of money from her. Do you really want to give it all back?” 
Amelia watched Christopher’s expression closely and said, “If you can’t let her go, just give her some time to cool off. Only then you can have a heart–to–heart with her later.” 
“She used to love me so much. This must all be a huge misunderstanding.” Christopher said while gritting his teeth. 
Joe shot a cold glance at Christopher before walking away. 
As Paul passed by, he scoffed in disgust. Love? He couldn’t be serious. 
Chapter: 118 
Christopher was fickle, and Skylar had finally seen the real him. How could she still love him? 
Even when they were in the car, Paul couldn’t help but complain, “Christopher is shameless.” 
Joe lit a cigarette and rolled down the window. After smoking for a while, he said, “I don’t want to see Christopher in this city again. Make it happen.” 
Paul was taken aback. Joe didn’t want to see Christopher in the city? What did he mean by that? 
It meant that no company in Jipsburg City would want to hire Christopher. He wouldn’t be able to make a living in the city. 
Paul had discovered Joe’s secret. He seemed to care about Skylar. This was his way of getting revenge on Christopher for what he had done to her. 
When Skylar left the hospital, John had already arrived. 
###chapter119
Skylar drove over to pick up Steven before heading to the film set. They couldn’t go in because it was sealed off to outsiders. 
Skylar tried calling Charles, but he didn’t answer. He wasn’t responding to his WhatsApp messages either. 
She asked some of the staff, but nobody seemed to know who Charles was. 
Ever since Charles joined the entertainment industry, he would often work as a stunt double and deliver lines for the movie. 
They weren’t sure if the staff were just brushing them off. If he was part of the crew, shouldn’t they at least have some idea who he was? 
“Don’t worry. Let’s wait for a bit.” Steven tried to comfort Skylar. 
Skylar nodded and checked her phone. She scrolled through her messages with Charles from about an 
hour ago. She had told him what time she would be there to pick him up, and he agreed to meet her on 
time. 
Charles was always dependable. So, it was unusual for him to not answer his phone. 
“Maybe he was in the middle of delivering lines. It has happened to me before when I tried to reach him. 
Let’s just wait,” Steven said, trying to ease Skylar’s worry. 
Skylar nodded. “Let’s sit and chat for a while then.” 
“By the way, when will I get to meet your husband?” Steven asked. He had been meaning to discuss this. 
Skylar had always been dependable. Suddenly, she married someone else and even kept his identity at secret. It made him feel uneasy and worried. 
Skylar knew this question would come up. She blinked before answering, “Steven, I promised him I wouldn’t share anything. But don’t you worry, I haven’t been trick 
Then, she thought of Annie and continued, “Our marriage probably won’t last long. Something happened recently. We might be getting a divorce soon.” 
“A quick marriage and a quick divorce? Do you know what you’re doing?” Steven frowned. He would be stupid if he couldn’t sense there were problems with the marriage. 
“I know what I’m doing. It’s probably hard for me to fall in love with anybody else again after the divorce. 
“I don’t regret my decision to marry. I’ve grown up and I’ve seen things. I know what I’m doing. Steven, I just need you to support and trust me,” Skylar said. 
Since she was planning to divorce Joe, she wanted to keep their marriage a secret as agreed. 
Steven frowned after hearing Skylar talking as if she had been through a lot. He felt something bad must have happened when she was with the Williamses. 
What happened at the Williamses that changed her? 
She w 
was loved and cared for by her family members. She was a carefree person, but now she had 
changed. Sometimes, they could even see sadness in her eyes. 
“I’ll keep it from Mom. But if anything happens, you have to tell me immediately,” Steven insisted 
worriedly. 
Skylar smiled. “Will do! I’ll start working with Mr. Gardner Senior’s team tomorrow. Steven, look at me. I’m 
on my 
y way to achieving my dreams. I’m really happy.” 
Looking at Skylar, who was determined to go after her dreams, Steven ruffled her hair. “Go for it. You’re 
the bravest of us all.” 
“Congratulations to the brave Skye!” Charles’s voice came from behind. 
They turned to see Charles standing there. Steven immediately switched to his big brother’s tone. “Why didn’t you pick up your phone?” 
“Ah, I didn’t notice. They asked me to act in a scene at the very last minute and I couldn’t have my phone with me,” Charles replied casually. 
Skylar noticed the wounds on Charles‘ face and the bruises around his eyes. “You’re hurt. How did that happen?“. 
Steven also noticed the bruises after Skylar pointed them out. “There’s bleeding under the skin below your eyes. You should get it checked” 
Charles was a little evasive and tried to play it down. “It’s nothing. A doctor who was visiting the set said it was nothing serious. It was just a little accident while filming 
“It looks worse than it is. You know how it is. Sometimes, things get overlooked when you’re in character. 
1 
He quickly changed the topic. “Skye, you’re amazing! I just looked into Mr. Gardner Senior’s team. Apparently, they have super strict requirements. But they offer great benefits. It’s the best team in the 
industry.” 
###chapter120
Skylar took a closer look at Charles‘ injury. “How did this happen? Was it during an action scene?” 
Even if it was, they shouldn’t have been so rough. 
“Yeah, it was a fight scene. It was a scene with a bunch of people all battling it out. Everyone got really 
into it. 
“Someone else got both their eyes bruised. This wouldn’t have happened if I hadn’t zoned out for a 
moment. Let’s go home. I’m starving, Charles said while trying to avoid eye contact. He didn’t want to talk about it. 
Steven’s face darkened. He saw how worried Skylar was and said, “Charles is a tough guy. He’ll be fine. Let’s go, Mom’s waiting for us.” 
“I miss Mom’s beef ribs!‘ Charles looked like he was drooling. 
“I miss all of Mom’s cooking.” Skylar chimed in. 
Steven looked at his younger brother and sister as the two walked toward the parking lot. 
He clenched his fist and felt like he had failed as a big brother. He didn’t protect them well enough. 
Meanwhile, at the Galaxy Villa, Joe was home early. He was reading in the living room from 7:00 pm to 10: 00 pm. 
He had been outstationed for a week. If he didn’t remind himself that he was married, the silence in the villa could almost make him feel like he was still single. 
He glanced at the clock. It was 11:30 pm. 
Was it possible that Skylar hadn’t been home as well while he was away? 
Joe rubbed his temples. He remembered her cold and pale face from earlier in the hospital. 
She still seemed to have feelings for Christopher. 
When Skylar returned to Galaxy Villa, it was already 12:30 am. She was spending time with her family and didn’t realize the time passed. 
She was surprised to see Joe. “Mr. Martin, you’re back.” 
She thought he would be away for a couple of days. After all, he had just reconciled with Annie. Maybe he would want to spend more time with her. 
Joe looked at Skylar. 
After Skylar greeted him, she headed upstairs without another word. 
“Wait a minute,” Joe called after her. 
Skylar looked at him. “Do you need something, Mr. Martin?” 
Her heart sank. Was he going to ask for a divorce right now? 
She had been bracing for this moment, but it still felt unsettling. 
“If you’re free tomorrow, come with me to the Pearlhall Residence.” Joe looked at Skylar deeply. 
Were Skylar’s emotions affected by Christopher? Someone as useless as him didn’t deserve her love and 
care. 
Skylar was a little taken aback. Joe wasn’t asking for a divorce but to visit Gloria. 
“Sure.” She nodded. 
As she was about to head upstairs, she remembered something and said, “Thanks for helping me out at 
the hospital today.” 
He was the reason Paul offered to find a lawyer to deal with Christopher and Amelia. If Joe and Paul hadn’t been there, those two could have caused a lot of trouble. 
Joe stared into Skylar’s eyes. “You had feelings for him for years. Can you just move that easily?” 
That was right. She wasted years of her time with him. 
Her eyes darkened in regret. How many more years did she have to waste on someone like that? 
She regretted the time she spent with Christopher. She wished she could go back in time and tell herself how stupid and blind she had been. 
###chapter121
Joe felt irritated when Skylar fell silent. 
“I guess those years were a waste of time. I’ve wasted my youth on a useless man,” Skylar said softly. 
The tension Joe felt disappeared. His mood shifted, and he smiled lightly. “It’s late. You should get some 
rest.” 
“Okay, good night,” Skylar said. 
A few minutes later, Joe put down his book and was prepared to head upstairs as well. 
Suddenly, his phone’s WhatsApp notification appeared. He opened the message and continued walking. 
Annie: “Good night, Mr. Martin.” 
Joe didn’t reply and set his phone to silent mode. 
After waiting for 20 minutes, Annie still couldn’t get a reply from Joe. She stood by the window with a 
glass of red wine and gazed at the city lights. 
She lowered her gaze to look at Joe’s profile picture on WhatsApp. 
She had asked Joe to come to their alumni reunion, which was happening in three days. She hoped he 
would accept the invitation. 
The reunion would mean nothing without Joe. 
However, he had only replied with a few words, “I’ll check my schedule.” 
Now she wondered if Joe had seen her goodnight message or if he had simply ignored it. 
The thought of Joe ignoring her message made her pout. She had always been able to guess what others were thinking. Yet, she couldn’t quite read Joe’s mind.. 
Was he so difficult to reach? 
Skylar came downstairs to make breakfast the next morning and realized the table was already set with 
breakfast. 
They were her favorite pancakes and some bacon on the side. 
Joe walked over with two glasses of warm milk. He looked at Skylar and said, ‘Grandma sent someone to 
deliver us breakfast.” 
Skylar walked toward Joe and took one of the glasses from him. The temperature was just right. She smiled and said, “The temperature’s just nice. Thanks.” 
Joe was caught off guard by her smile. “You’re welcome.” 
“The pancakes are great!” Skylar took a bite. Satisfaction was clear on her face. 
22 
They were so fresh and fluffy. It was clear these were homemade, not store–bought. 
“Whenever you feel like having pancakes, just call Edgar. She’ll arrange for somebody to have them 
delivered,” Joe said. 
“No, that’s too much trouble. Pearlhall Residence is too far from Galaxy Villa. It takes over an hour for a round trip.” Skylar didn’t want to trouble the others. 
She shouldn’t eat the same thing every day, or else she would get bored of it too. 
Still, she appreciated Joe’s thoughtfulness. 
After a week of not seeing each other, Joe seemed more approachable. 
She thought of a possibility. Maybe he was in a good mood because he was in love. 
She blinked and said, “Tonight I’ll head over to Pearlhall Residence after work.” 
Where are you working now?” Joe asked. 
“I went for an interview with Mr. Gardner Senior’s team yesterday and was hired. Today is my first day. I’ll need some time to get to know the place so I might get off work a little late,” Skylar said while she ate. 
Joe was surprised to hear Skylar was part of Alexander’s team. “Mr. Gardner Senior’s team?” 
“Yes,” Skylar replied. 
2018 02:31 21 
Joe then realized he didn’t really know Skylar that well. 
He was close to Alexander when he was young. He knew Alexander had always been strict with the people he hired. Candidates would need to pass some tests and get Alexander’s seal of approval to join 
the team. 
If Skylar could make it to his team, that meant, she had real talents. 
“Congratulations.” Joe watched Skylar carefully. 
Skylar smiled and raised her glass. “Thanks.” 
She was determined to work hard doing the work she loved and carve her own career path in the industry. 
“I’ll pick you up after work. I want to bring you somewhere else before heading to Pearlhall Residence,” Joe said to her. 
###chapter122

Skylar arrived for her first day on Alexander’s team. As soon as she entered the building. Alexander’s assistant, Oliver, guided her through the onboarding process. 
It wasn’t too complicated, so it didn’t take long 
Afterward, Oliver brought her to meet Alexander. 
Alexander was intently focused on cleaning a bronze artifact 
He didn’t realize that both of them were entering the room. 
Oliver gestured for Skylar to remain silent. 
Skylar understood that handling antiques required complete concentration to prevent mistakes. She was surprised to find someone of Alexander’s age and status still working on the antiques with his own hands. 
She glanced at the bronze artifact’s inscriptions. 
It seemed to be from the early Augustan period with inscriptions in classical Glorian. 
Skylar was captivated. She could see the journey of this artifact. From its creation to its burial with its owner, this artifact was just recently discovered. 
She knew Alexander’s team was working with the country’s archeologists. 
Oliver was watching Alexander with admiration. In this industry, Alexander was a legend. Many people were jealous of him for being the legend’s assistant. He had learned a lot in his years with Alexander. 
Alexander raised his head to find Oliver and Skylar standing there. 
He then dropped his tools and walked over with a cheerful smile. “Can you tell me when the artifact was 
made?” 
“During the Augustan period,” Skylar replied. 
Alexander’s eyes lit up. He was once again impressed by Skylar’s knowledge. “You’re right, Skye. Can you tell me who your mentor is?” 
“I don’t have a mentor. I learned from an elderly lady at home. She had a lot to teach.” Skylar was reminded that Viola didn’t take her in as her apprentice. She only cared for her like a granddaughter. 
Alexander didn’t press further. “I’m not sure what you’re capable of yet, so I can’t assign you to a specific job. I have a painting that my team is reluctant to work on. Would you like to take a look and see if you can restore it?” 
Oliver’s eyes widened. What was going on? 
Why was Alexander handing Skylar one of the most challenging projects? 
Skylar was new to the team. She wasn’t as experienced yet and was given a difficult task. They finally had a beautiful new member. He hoped Alexander wouldn’t scare her away with his unusual way of working. 
“Sure, I’ll give it a try,” Skylar replied without hesitation, as if it was a very simple thing to do. 
Oliver was stunned. Even though he wasn’t there during Skylar’s interview, his colleagues mentioned that she was incredibly skilled. 
They said she was even more skilled than those who had been with Alexander’s team for years. 
When he first saw Skylar, he was so captivated by her beauty that he had forgotten about what his colleagues said about her. 
His colleagues told him not to judge a book by its cover. Yet, he had done it to her. 
Alexander was pleased. He knew Caleb had finally done something right. He had good taste in women. 
He was ready to have Skylar as his granddaughter–in–law. 
It wouldn’t matter, even if she couldn’t fully restore the painting. She would have ample opportunities to work with various ancient artifacts in his team. He believed she would be an expert in a few years. During lunchtime, Skylar headed to the hospital.
###chapter123
Since Skylar had pancakes for breakfast and didn’t cook at home, she decided to buy something light, like chicken soup and some bread, before heading to the hospital. 
Caleb was lying on the bed and playing video games to pass the time. He thought Skylar wouldn’t have the time to visit him since it was her first day. 
So, when Skylar walked into the room, Caleb felt like he might actually tear up. “Skylar, I’ve been waiting for you!” 
Skylar glanced at her watch before setting down the lunch in front of Caleb. “Are you hungry? Is your family not around to keep you company?” 
“Uncle John is busy. Besides, this is just a minor surgery. He just needs to be there to sign the papers. He hired a caretaker for me too,” Caleb said while digging into his lunch. 
Even though it was a simple meal, it tasted great because Skylar was the one to deliver them. 
“How was your first day at work? Did anyone give you a hard time?” Caleb asked.” 
“Not at all. The team’s great. I love the culture there. I feel like I fit right in,” Skylar replied. 
Caleb nodded while feeling relieved. 
If Alexander ever gave her a hard time, he would need to have a word with him after he was discharged from the hospital. 
Skylar stayed at the hospital for around 20 minutes before leaving. 
She wanted to finish the task given by Alexander as soon as possible. 
While she was on the way back to work, Joe gave her a call. “I’ll pick you up around 5:00 pmm later. Is that okay?” 
“That’s fine. I’ll see you later,” Skylar replied. 
She had checked with Oliver about the team’s working hours. Alexander’s team had a healthy work culture. They would usually finish work around 4:30 pm. It wasn’t a nine–to–six setup. 
Sometimes, they would work overtime or even work over the weekend if they needed to conduct on–site archeological excavations. 
After hanging up, Skylar received a voice note from Natalie. 
Natalie: “Skylar, guess what? I’ve got a major scoop. Apparently, Joe is married! A friend of mine works at 
the courthouse and saw him. 
“He didn’t take pictures because he didn’t know who Joe was. We were chatting in the group and he saw Joe’s Interview. Only then did he know it was Joe who got married. 
“He said the bride was gorgeous, but he couldn’t remember her name. The bride wasn’t Annie, though 
Can you believe it? Big news, right?” 
Skylar could hear the excitement in Natalie’s voice. She felt a little guilty that she was part of the gossip. 
“Annie attended John’s engagement party with Joe, but he didn’t bring his newlywed wife along. Could it be that Joe doesn’t like his wife? Now that Annie is back in town, Joe might be divorcing his wife! 
“I heard Joe’s wife is really beautiful. The kind of beauty that you don’t see every day. If she knows that her husband has a complicated relationship with another woman, she might be heartbroken. 
“If I were in her shoes, I would be devastated. Maybe they weren’t that close, unlike Jeremy and I. We’ve known each other for so many years. 
“He had been giving me the princess treatment since childhood. If he betrayed me, I wouldn’t know what to do. But I know for sure he wouldn’t do such a thing to me.” 
Skylar listened to all the voice notes and was speechless. She wanted to tell Natalie that Joe’s wife already knew everything. 
The things she should and shouldn’t know about, she already knew it all. 
While she wasn’t exactly heartbroken, she felt bad and sorry for coming in between Joe and Annie. 
Before she started her journey, she replied to Natalie. “How many Natalie and Jeremy are there in this 
world?” 
###chapter124
Joe was right on time to pick up Skylar at 5:00 pm, Not long after, they arrived at Pearlhall Estate. 
Gloria was over the moon when she heard that Skylar had joined Alexander’s team. “Skye, you’re incredible! You know that stubborn Alex never lets anyone push him around. 
“He always shuts them down if people come begging for favors or try to use connections to get into his team. But look at that, you made it on your own! 
“Joe, have you noticed how amazing your wife is?” 
Joe was sipping his water. He glanced at Skylar, whose cheeks were flushed with a shade of pink. “Yeah, she’s pretty amazing.” 
Skylar was surprised by his compliment. He was actually going along with it today. 
Usually, he would’ve given a curt nod or ignored the comment altogether before this. 
Love certainly made him softer. 
After dinner, they watched a reality show with Gloria, who eventually shooed them out. She insisted that they enjoy their evening alone back at Galaxy Villa. 
Skylar knew Gloria was trying to play matchmaker. She hoped that their 
ip would grow. 
She would’ve pretended to play along before this. However, now it just felt so wrong. She felt like she was coming between Joe and Annie. 
On the 
way back to Galaxy Villa, Skylar handed an earring to Joe. “Does this belong to Ms. Silver? I found it when we got out of the car earlier. I couldn’t give it to you in time,” 
Joe frowned when he saw the earring. “Just toss it. I don’t need it.” 
“Really? This belongs to Ms. Silver and it looks like it’s worth a lot. She might want it back.” Skylar was taken aback by Joe’s attitude. 
“Do you know who Annie is?” Joe asked. 
“I saw her in your car the other day. She’s a well–known host. Lots of people know who she is,” Skylar 
replied. 
Joe’s reaction was a bit cold. Since they were on the topic of Annie, Skylar decided it was time to talk about the matter. “When are we getting divorced?” 
She thought Joe wouldn’t want someone he loved to be his mistress. 
Joe shot her a sharp look. “What did you say?” 
“When should we get a divorce?” Skylar repeated herself. 
“Are you trying to end the contract earlier? What’s the reason?” Joe asked with a dark expression. 
Skylar was taken aback by his tone. “I didn’t know you were in a relationship with Ms. Silver. If I knew about it back then, I wouldn’t have agreed to marry you.” 
Mistakes had been made. However, as long as the mistakes were stopped in time, that was all that 
mattered. 
“Annie and I…” Joe was about to explain when his phone rang. 
“Where are you? Give me ten minutes,” Joe said. 
He hung up and turned back to Skylar. “We’ll talk about this later tonight. Don’t mention divorce anymore.” 
“Okay.” Skylar knew this wasn’t the right time to push the topic. 
Joe was probably concerned about Gloria’s health and didn’t want to upset her with the news. 
The next morning, at Williams Residence, Jeffrey was making phone calls. It seemed like the calls were either unanswered or were brushed off. 
###chapter125
Jeffrey’s expression darkened. 
Sadie was shocked and asked, “Why is the company facing so many problems all of a sudden?” 
Jeffrey shot her a harsh look and scoffed. “It’s all thanks to your daughter!” 
“My daughter? Maisy has always been sensible. She couldn’t have caused this.” Sadie defended Maisy without hesitation. She completely forgot about her other daughter. 
“Mom, it’s not Maisy. She wouldn’t have betrayed her own family. It’s Skylar. I don’t know how, but she became the sugar baby of Joe’s assistant, Paul. She probably said some things, and now Paul is talking bad about our family to Joe. 
“As a result, the Martin Group refused to work with us and canceled the order. A lot of other companies are following suit. They’re all afraid of crossing the Martin Group.” Peter gritted his teeth from anger. 
For the first time in twenty years, he was having the worst week ever. So many companies were giving him a hard time. 
He knew he had Skylar to thank for this. It made him so angry he could almost grind his teeth to dust. 
Sadie was stunned. “Skylar? She never seemed like someone who would do such a thing. She was well- behaved when she lived with us. It’s impossible that she did such a thing.” 
“Now’s not the time for this. Call her and ask her to come home,” Jeffrey said. 
“I’ve called her many times before. She wouldn’t pick up. I even tried to call Janine but she hung up on me after saying a few words. If I call her now, she won’t answer,” Sadie replied. She felt a strange sense of emptiness. 
The house had been quiet lately. Maisy was out all the time. Sadie would occasionally find herself missing Skylar’s presence. 
She remembered how Skylar used to cook for the family and how she would take care of them when 
someone was feeling unwell. 
Sadie suddenly wondered if she had taken Skylar for granted. 
Peter was still scowling. He turned to Maisy and said, “Maisy, can you call Janine and tell her Mom is 
sick? Tell her Mom is bedridden now and wants to meet Skylar. 
“But Skylar isn’t answering the phone so we need her help. You’re her biological daughter. She’ll listen to 
you.” 
“Okay, I’ll try.” Maisy was taken aback. She was half–asleep and was worried about the Williamses after hearing what Jeffrey and Peter had to say about the company. 
Sadie frowned at Maisy’s, sluggishness. 
Janine was surprised to receive Maisy’s call. After hearing what Maisy had to say, she felt a chill down 
Charte 125 
her spine. 
So, she only called when something happened. 
“Ms. Yancey, I’m begging you. Mom is really sick and she really wants to meet Skylar. No matter what happened between us, their bond is unbreakable,” Maisy pleaded, but Janine stayed silent. 
She hated Janine. Janine was a country bumpkin who didn’t deserve to be her mother. Now that she had resorted to asking Janine for help, Janine was being difficult with her. 
Janine sighed and said, “Okay.” 
Skylar had just arrived at Gardner Group when she received a call from Janine. 
“Skye, you can decide for yourself if you want to go.” Janine didn’t want to force Skylar into anything. 
After all, Sadie was her biological mother. If she really was seriously ill, Skylar would want to see her. 
After hanging up the phone, Skylar hesitated for a moment. 
Sadie was seriously ill? She didn’t recall this happening in her past life. 
Could her being reborn have altered other people’s fates? 
###chapter126
Skylar wanted to find out if Sadie was really sick because she had been reborn or if she was just faking it. 
After work, she dropped by the hospital to check on Caleb, who had just done his surgery. 
Then she went to Williams Residence. 
The Williamses were ready for her arrival. 
Sadie removed her makeup and was lying on the bed, pretending to be weak and sick. 
The house was filled with people. The whole family was there. 
Sadie felt anxious and guilty. “We don’t know if she’s coming. What should we do when she’s here?” 
“If she shows up, we’re going to make her confess and then ask her to talk to Paul. It’s not too the mess, Jeffrey answered. 
Kenny frowned. “Dad, I don’t think Skylar is having an affair with Paul.” 
late to fix 
“Kenny, have you forgotten how she was at the nightclub? And how Paul was defending her? Do you still 
think she’s a nice girl? 
“She’s a country bumpkin who hasn’t experienced much of the outside world. She couldn’t get what she wanted from her biological parents and had to resort to being a sugar baby. This happens way too often than you think,” Samuel said with a growing hatred toward Skylar. 
Plenty of women wanted to use him to climb the social ladder. He was just playing with them. 
He felt uncomfortable now that his own sister was being played. 
Peter glared at them and said with a poker face, “It doesn’t matter if she was having an affair or not. The point is that Paul knows who she is. 
“For the sake of the company, even if there’s nothing going on between them, we need to make sure those connections work in our favor.” 
“How can you push her into a situation like that? She’s still your sister.” Sadie couldn’t bear listening to 
them. 
“Mom, Maybe she’s the reason our company is in trouble. She hasn’t been donating blood to the hospital either. Clearly, she doesn’t see us as her family. So, we don’t have to be nice to her either,” Peter said indifferently. 
The company and Maisy were important to him. However, the sister who came from nowhere wasn’t important at all. 
He didn’t care even if Skylar were to marry a pervert as long as he could salvage their business. 
Sadie was left speechless. 
“Leave it to us. You don’t need to say anything once she’s back.” Jeffrey made up his mind after listening 
to what his sons had to say. 
Maisy was glued to her phone. Christopher kept sending her messages. 
He was desperate for money and needed her help. However, she didn’t have much money herself, not enough to buy luxury bags anyway. 
So, she just brushed him off. 
She used to think Christopher was a great guy because he was Skylar’s boyfriend. She felt satisfied when she snatched her boyfriend. 
Since Skylar didn’t even like Christopher anymore, he didn’t seem so special to Maisy anymore. All he did was please her in bed. 
However, there were plenty of men who could please her. Christopher was worth nothing to her. 
“Don’t worry, Maisy. Even when Skylar’s back, you’re the only younger sister I have. She doesn’t deserve to be my sister.” Samuel thought Maisy was jealous, which was why she was distracted and remained silent. 
Maisy smiled at Samuel. “Skylar is still Mom and Dad’s biological daughter. We’ll talk some sense into her once she’s back. Maybe she’ll come around thinking we’re doing this for her own good.” 
“By the way, what happened between you and Mr. Martin? I thought Joe liked you. Why would he listen to his assistant and turn against us?” Samuel was confused. 
Maisy avoided eye contact. “I don’t know why, either.” 
“Maybe we were wrong. Maybe Mr. Martin doesn’t like Maisy,” Sadie said. 
Thinking back, maybe Sadie had been too confident about it. She thought Maisy was good enough to 
attract someone like Joe. 
However, she had forgotten that many women wanted to get close to Joe in Jipsburg. They were all equally as talented too. 
###chapter127
“How could this happen? I was under the impression that Joe and Maisy were in a relationship,” Samuel voiced his disappointment. 
“Let’s drop it,” Jeffrey interjected. He was clearly annoyed. 
Maisy had confided in some friends about her intentions to marry Joe. It led to one of them sharing a photograph in their group chat. 
The photograph captured Joe and Annie at John’s engagement party. 
They hadn’t received an invitation to John’s engagement celebration. 
This exclusion stemmed from the Williams family’s inability to penetrate the social circles to which John and Joe belonged. 
Maisy was mortified by this. 
“Where’s Skylar? It’s already past six, and she’s still not back,” Samuel remarked irritably. 
There was a heavy air of gloom over the bedroom. 
Skylar had just returned to Williams Residence. It was a little over a month since she had moved out. 
It felt surreal, like a dream. 
The housekeepers, who were fond of Skylar, greeted her quietly upon her arrival. One of them whispered, ” Ms. Williams, your parents are upstairs. You’re all family here. If you just acknowledge your mistake, I’m 
sure they won’t be hard on you.” 
Skylar was favored by the Williams family housekeepers compared to Maisy, mainly because she treated 
them with respect and never acted superior. 
Without saying much, Skylar responded, “I’ll go up and check on them.” 
On her way upstairs, she turned on the voice recorder hidden in her bag 
Reaching the door of Sadie’s bedroom, she overheard Samuel’s criticism toward her. “She doesn’t act like we’re family. If she cared, knowing Mom is ill, she’d be worried, concerned, and definitely would have 
visited.” 
Skylar inwardly scoffed. In her previous life, an incident left Sadie paraplegic. None of them had shown her any concern. 
They would complain about the smell whenever they approached her room and swiftly leave. 
“Do you even consider me part of this family?” Skylar stood defiantly at the door as she was unwilling to step inside. Her biting, sarcastic tone startled everyone. They immediately turned towards her. 
“So, I thought you’d never return.” Samuel sneered. 
“Wasn’t it you who had my mom call me, desperately trying to bring me back? If you hadn’t reached out to 
her, do you think I’d have wanted to set foot in this horse? Skylar retorted with a smirk. 
Sadie felt a pang of confusion and dismay at how Skylar wasn’t referring to her as “Mom” 
“Why is Skylar being so aggressive toward us? she wondered silently 
“Skylar, please don’t say that. It really upsets Mom and Dad, Maisy pleaded gently. 
Witnessing the contrast between Maisy and Skylar, Samuel found Skylar even more displeasing. Remember to call the right person mom, and don’t forget who your real mother is ” 
“Samuel, most people use their brains to discern right from wrong. Are yours just for maintaining double standards? Your precious sister calls someone else mom, did she forget who her real mother is too?” 
Skylar shot back. 
Samuel was left speechless. 
Enraged by the comparison, Maisy exclaimed, “It’s not the same! How can your foster mom even 
compare to our mom?” 
“Oh, they can’t be compared. The shamelessness alone sets them apart. My mom is beyond comparison with her gentle and understanding nature,” Skylar retorted with a cold scoff. 
###chapter128
“Why you Maisy stood up angrily. She never expected Skylar to be so rude. 
Originally pretending to be ill, Sadie’s face still had a rosy flush. Her expression turned unsightly upon hearing Skylar’s words. 
“Enough, this is too disrespectful! Do you even know what you’re saying?” Jeffrey scolded angrily. 
“Your mother is ill, and not only do you not care, but you speak without thinking. Who taught you to act like this?” Peter asked sternly. 
Kenny wanted to say something but remembered what Skylar had said. Looking at his family, he suddenly wondered if Skylar was always treated so poorly. 
Skylar’s cool and emotionless gaze swept past the Williamses and settled on Sadie. “I thought you called me back because your conscience had finally kicked in. I thought you were planning to let me inherit the family fortune.” 
Not to mention, the Williams family was being suppressed by the Martin Group. It wouldn’t be long before their company faced further diminishment at the hands of the Martin Group. 
Such a small inheritance was not even worth her attention. 
Sadie was overcome by anger and unable to speak. She started coughing violently due to her haste. 
“Mom.” Maisy rushed to pat Sadie’s back gently. 
“The Williams family fortune is none of your concern, Samuel said through gritted teeth. 
Their family’s assets included a share for Maisy. They wouldn’t leave anything for Skylar. 
Although Jeffrey was also quite upset, he managed to keep his composure. “Samuel, that’s enough.” 
Skylar slowly curved her lips into a smile. She looked at the people before her. She felt no attachment to this family anymore. They weren’t worth anything to her. 
“Keep your family assets hidden away from me. I wouldn’t want to take some petty assets,” Skylar said 
mockingly. 
Peter watched Skylar intently. He noticed her completely different attitude and genuine disgust. His face. soured as he asked, “What is your relationship with Paul?” 
“Are you prying a bit too much?” Skylar countered. 
“I’m your older brother. I have a right to know who you are involved with,” Peter said. 
If this were a company, the employees would certainly be afraid if Peter got angry. 
But Skylar just raised an eyebrow. “Where were you a few days ago when the Williams family was busy buying trending searches to destroy me? 
“Did you fall into a hole? Or did you go deaf? Or maybe blind? Now you come out trying to act like my 
Chapte: 128 
brother. Isn’t that just despicable?” 
Peter’s face turned ashen. “Do you realize what you are saying? If you acknowledged your mistakes and apologized properly today, all the mistakes you’ve made could have been forgotten. 
“You could have moved back in and still been considered part of the family. But since you’ve come back, 
what have you done?” 
He added, “You haven’t admitted your mistakes. Instead, you’ve opposed us at every turn. You have spoken without restraint. Don’t forget how you tried to ingratiate yourself with us when you first came back. Now, do you want to throw all that away?” 
“Enough, Peter, you should shut up as well,” Jeffrey scolded Peter. 
Then he turned to Skylar. “There were misunderstandings on both sides before. You are my daughter. Not words a bit? matter how many mistakes you’ve made, I can forgive you. But now, can you hold back your Come over and see your mom. She’s become ill because she missed you.” 
Skylar thought they were trying to change their approach to a soft one in order to convince her. 
“Skylar, come here and let me look at you. You’ve only been away from home for a little over a month. How have you lost so much weight? Is life tough outside? Come home,” Sadie said with concern. 
Her eyes were red. 
If it had been before, Skylar might have believed her. 
In the past, to make Skylar endure feeling unwell and go to the hospital for blood tests, Sadie used more convincing tricks than now. 
Skylar stood at the door without moving. Suddenly, a message from Paul popped up on her phone. 
Paul had taken photos of a few items her parents had kept at home. He wanted her to help look at them. 
While checking the photos, Skylar said indifferently. “Don’t play games with me. I’m tired of your dirty tricks. They’re almost always the same. Just tell me what you want.” 
###chapter129
The items that Paul’s parents possessed were indeed valuable. They were the family heirlooms of the 
Zieglers. 
“My mom told me to wear this bracelet. She said it would help her get a grandson sooner. Is that not too superstitious? I’m waiting for you to say it is, and I’ll screenshot it for my 
y mom.” 
Paul had sent a long message. It was evident that he was often pressured into marriage for various 
reasons. 
Skylar laughed while zooming in on a bracelet. It was a bracelet that the Ziegler family’s ancestors had blessed, and wearing it could bring many blessings. 
She tapped her phone screen and replied, “Not superstitious. It indeed can help you get a grandson sooner. There are no other issues. You can continue to keep them.” 
Paul was dumbfounded. He handed his phone to Joe, who was sitting in the car with him. 
“Mr. Martin, I believe Miss Sullivan’s talent for restoring antiques is being underutilized. If she were to pursue a career as a fortune teller and treasure appraisal expert, she would outshine other people in Jipsburg City.” 
Joe glanced at Paul’s phone. In the chat between Skylar and Paul, her replies to Paul were much more 
than those to him. 
He looked deeply at Paul. “Do you often chat with her privately?” 
“Not often, just a few times.” 
Paul thought about the bracelet and whether it could indeed bring many children. He remembered his father, who had five sons. That seemed quite impressive! 
Joe took out his phone. On his WhatsApp chat with Skylar, her replies were often just a simple and laconic, “Hmm.” Her attitude seemed quite indifferent to him. 
He had not managed to return to Galaxy Villa last night. He remembered her mentioning divorce yesterday. He gently tapped on his phone screen. 
He was thinking about something, and accidentally, a voice chat popped up. 
After replying to Paul, Skylar looked up at Jeffrey, who looked disappointed. 
“Tricks? Is this how you view us? When did your heart become so dark? Did your foster mother tell you something? They want to drive a wedge between you and us. You should know how to discern the truth and not be deceived by them,” Jeffrey retorted. 
Sadie’s eyes were red as she spoke. “I’m your mother. It took me ten months of pregnancy to give birth to you. How can you think so poorly of us like that? How can you think so poorly of me?” 
“This is too much!” Maisy felt she could no longer understand Skylar. 
She wondered if Skylar didn’t want to return to the Williams family. 
Compared to Janine, the Williams family was wealthy. Skylar wasn’t even trying to stay in the wealthy family and return to living a hard life with Janine. She thought Skylar was dumb. 
Suddenly, the sound of a WhatsApp voice message popped up. 
Skylar saw it was from Joe, which surprised her. He usually called or simply texted on WhatsApp. She wondered why he suddenly sent a voice message. 
Worried that Joe might need something, she listened to it. 
Everyone thought about who would send Skylar a voice message at this time. They stared at her. 
###chapter130
“Why did you send a voice message? Skylar expressed her surprise aloud. 
Upon hearing Skylar’s voice from the phone, Joe realized he had accidentally sent a voice message.“| accidentally hit the voice button. Sorry.” 
7m at Williams Residence. I’m currently dealing with something.” 
Skylar doubted it was indeed an accident. Given their discussion about divorce yesterday, his sudden voice message might be an attempt to get her to return to Galaxy Villa to continue their discussion. 
Joe was silent momentarily. “Do you need me to come over?” he asked. 
Letting the Williams family know that he and Skylar were married wasn’t necessarily bad. 
Skylar was startled by Joe’s suggestion. She felt that he was just being polite. “Thank you, but there’s no need. I can handle it myself.” 
There were a few beats of silence before Joe replied with another voice message. It was just a faint hum 
of acknowledgment. 
“That voice… it sounds like…” Maisy was all ears, trying to figure out who was on the other end of the 
phone 
The calm voice sounded very much like Joe. She thought it was impossible because Joe as far as she knew. 
Skylar didn’t know 
It was just a similar–sounding voice. However, the brief conversation, although short, sounded like they were very familiar with each other. 
Jeffrey was stunned by how the person could possibly be Joe. He looked at Skylar, whom he hadn’t cared much about but was now willing to use if it benefitted him. 
He wondered what could she possibly have to do with Joe. It felt impossible to him. 
“Is it Paul? Are you still going to deny your relationship with Paul? Maisy asked while hiding her jealousy. 
“It doesn’t seem like Paul.” Kenny and Samuel spoke in unison. 
They had met Paul, whose voice wasn’t as cold as the one speaking with Skylar. 
The voice that had just spoken to Skylar sounded so chilling it could pierce one’s bones and was terrifying 
Jeffrey stared at Skylar and demanded, “Who is it?” 
“Skylar, who is your sugar daddy? Tell me, and I’ll decide for you. The Williamses‘ daughter can’t be someone’s mistress. She can only be a legitimate wife,” Sadie said anxiously. 
Peter’s expression grew solemn as he pondered who the person could be if it weren’t Paul. He hadn’t considered what to do if it wasn’t Paul. He had initially thought of gaining some advantage over Paul. 
“You know what they say, ‘birds of a feather flock together,’ and it couldn’t be more true. People with dirty. 
minds tend to project their own faults onto others. 
“Instead of accusing me, maybe you should focus on disciplining your precious daughter, Maisy. She’s quite adept at playing the mistress, and her tea–making skills aren’t half bad, either. Perhaps she learned. from watching you,” Skylar countered sharply, protecting herself from accusations. 
Maisy’s face turned red, “I’ve said before that it was a misunderstanding. Why won’t you believe it? How long will you keep framing me?” 
“You’re going too far. The truth is right in front of your eyes, yet you remain delusional,” Samuel immediately defended Maisy. 
###chapter131
“Don’t you trust what I said anymore? You’re misunderstanding Maisy. Maisy is obedient and sensible. She would never date Christopher. 
“Your boyfriend is too ambitious, always aiming for something too far out of reach. If you someone, blame yourself for having poor judgment and choosing a boyfriend who is fickle.” 
Sadie almost instinctively defended Maisy. 
Between Maisy and Skylar, she had alwa 
et blame 
prioritized Maisy. But after speaking, she suddenly had 
doubts. It seemed she had never considered how Skylar might feel. 
Yet another voice emerged, asserting that if Maisy wasn’t wrong, then it must be Skylar’s fault. Someone had to pay for their mistakes. 
Skylar’s gaze was cold as she looked at Sadie. Her gaze was deep and emotionless, as if she could see through the malice in Sadie’s nature. 
“Mom, let’s not talk about this today.” Peter felt the conversation was straying further off course. 
There would be plenty of time in the future to make Skylar feel at home in the Williams family. 
“Sure, we’ve had our fair share of misunderstandings. But hey, we’re family, right? At the end of the day, 
that’s what matters most. 
could “We have some tough times ahead, and we must stick together to overcome them. The family really use your help right now, and if you pitch in, we’ll all acknowledge you,” Peter offered, tempting Skylar with a hint of recognition and belonging. 
Previously, Skylar had tried to please them, but now she adopted an air of indifference. Yet, it was all a plan to draw their concern. It was time for them to indulge her. 
Jeffrey took a deep breath and softened his tone. He didn’t hold onto the harsh words Skylar had just 
spoken. 
“We’re family,” he said. “No matter what you’ve done wrong, we’ll forgive you. I know you’re angry because we didn’t stand up for you.” 
He added, “That was because you smeared Maisy on social media. I had already planned your way out, to send you abroad for a few years. When you come back after a few years, you can work at Williams Group.” 
Skylar had never seen them submit before, especially not Jeffrey and Peter. The two were father and son, who had always looked at her with the same sarcastic eyes. 
Now, they looked the same. It seemed prideful yet benevolent, as if saying, “Look! We are giving you a chance. Now cherish it.” 
She felt that it was laughable because she wanted to know their motives. Without benefits or motives, neither of them would likely lower their heads. 
“Tell me, what do you want me to do for you?” she asked. 
Jeffrey’s eyes lit up as he said, “Let your brother talk to you about it.” 
“I know you know Paul well, and you two must have a good relationship with him. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have stood up for you,” Peter began. 
He added in a soft tone, “When a man stands up for a woman, it usually means he is interested in her. Paul definitely likes you. 
“If you two are in a relationship, then it would be easy. Just give him a call and ask him to persuade Mr. Martin to continue collaborating with the Williams family.” 
“If you’re not in a relationship, then agree to date him and try to persuade Mr. Martin.” 
Skylar smirked. “Are you suggesting I sell myself off to Paul?” 
| 
“Don’t put it so crudely. I’ve met Paul before. He’s a capable young man. As Mr. Martin’s assistant, he surely has a promising future. We’re thinking of your best interest.” Sadie sounded somewhat guilty. 
Kenny kept his head down, not sure what to think. He glanced up when he heard Sadie’s words. 
“If you compared him to Christopher, Paul is certainly better than him, right?” Samuel was irritated by Skylar’s ingratitude. 
“Yes, Paul seems like a nice guy,” Maisy quickly added. 
Trading Skylar for the Williams family’s future was worth it. If it meant sending Skylar to have sex with 
else. Joe, she might not agree out of jealousy, but she would support sending Skylar to anyone 
Skylar glanced at them and slowly said, “Unfortunately, Paul doesn’t like me.” 
“He doesn’t like you? You are beautiful. Just be a bit more proactive, and he’ll surely like you. If not, I’ll find a way to get you into a relationship with him,” Peter said. 
###chapter132
Sadie was stunned. Maisy watched with glee. Kenny furrowed his brow. Jeffrey nodded, 
“We’ll force him to marry you once the time is right. Then, you set the terms for the marriage. Everything will naturally fall into place. 
“Skylar, your contributions to the family haven’t gone unnoticed. I promise you won’t be shortchanged. Once it’s settled, I’ll give you 500 thousand dollars.” 
Skylar looked at Jeffrey with full irony. “Just now, you sald the Williams family couldn’t tolerate someone being a mistress. How quickly you contradict yourselves.” 
“It’s different. We’ll do everything we can to make Paul marry you,” Jeffrey said, somewhat embarrassed. 
“You’re hardly a virgin. You dated Christopher for seven or eight years. You’ve slept with someone a long time ago. Stop pretending to be a pure virgin.” Samuel completely lost his patience. 
Maisy’s eyes shifted. She had heard from Christopher that he had never done anything with Skylar because she always said she wanted to wait until marriage. 
“Samuel, shut up!” Sadie quickly intervened. 
She wondered what kind of brother would talk about his sister like that. She thought that even if Skylar was rebellious, it was just because she misunderstood them. She felt that Paul really wasn’t bad. 
“Skylar, Paul is a man worth entrusting your life to. We’re all thinking of your best interests, Sadie said 
tenderly to Skylar. 
Skylar looked at Sadie, who was letting out a somewhat forced smile. “If I were you, I’d be bolder. Let me sleep with Joe. It might even be easier.” 
Jeffrey frowned. “Don’t be too greedy. Joe is not someone you can aspire to have. He didn’t even like Maisy. How could he like you?” 
If it weren’t for the fact that they couldn’t make a move on Joe, he would’ve genuinely liked to use some means to get Maisy to sleep with Joe. 
wn, Péter 
“Are you getting close to Paul because of Joe? I advise you to drop that thought. You’re not worthy of Joe. If you do something outrageous and he finds out, you’ll drag the entire Williams family exclaimed sternly. 
“Let’s leave it at that. Skylar, you should move back in today,” Jeffrey decided, then planned to head to the company. 
The company was in disarray. 
“Dad, I’ll drive, let’s go together.” Peter nodded. 
As the two were about to leave the bedroom, Skylar said with a smirk, “What does your business have to do with me?” 
She would be delighted if the Williams family were ruined. Since her rebirth, she had been busy with many things and hadn’t had time to settle scores with them yet. She would go back and agree to divorce Joe to 
terminate the agreement early. 
She didn’t want money, only for Joe to suppress the Williams family. Otherwise, it wouldn’t be worth the plans they had made for her. 
“What?” Jeffrey thought he had misheard her. 
“Are you not satisfied with the 500 thousand dollars from Dad? I can give you another 500 thousand,” Peter offered. He thought Skylar was being too greedy. 
Maisy secretly rolled her eyes. “Skylar, one million dollars is not a small amount.” 
Kenny happened to see Maisy rolling her eyes. He had almost never seen Maisy’s mean side, but now it 
was clear to him. 
“Give me a billion dollars, and I’ll consider sleeping with Joe to get him to agree to collaborate with the Williams family. Skylar held up her index finger as if she was giving them an option. 
In the end, she wasn’t like them. They wouldn’t give anyone a choice, but she was at least offering them something to ponder. 
“You’re insane!” Maisy stood up furiously. She thought Skylar was trying to drain the Williams family. 
Jeffrey’s face turned ashen. “Do you know what you’re saying?” 
“A billion? Are you serious? Even if we handed you a billion, do you really think Joe would even spare you a second glance?” Samuel exclaimed angrily. 
He wondered how Skylar could be so delusional. 
###chapter133
Everyone thought Skylar was dreaming. 
“Why not try? You won’t know until you try. Transfer a billion dollars to me now, and maybe tomorrow at this time, I’ll show you a marriage certificate,” Skylar laughed. 
“Stop being ridiculous. If word of this gets out, people will think the daughter of the Williams family doesn’t know her limit. If one million dollars isn’t enough, I’ll give you two million dollars. That’s a as I can offer. Don’t push your luck,” Peter said. 
as much 
He took a deep breath and tried to stay patient. If it weren’t for the unprecedented crisis the Williams family was facing, he wouldn’t give Skylar even two hundred dollars, let alone two million. 
She always asked for too much and wasn’t afraid to make bold demands. Knowing Paul and unable to make him like her, she shamelessly claimed she’d marry Joe. Peter felt that it was disgraceful! 
“Maisy, Joe isn’t someone like Christopher. Just because you say you like him doesn’t mean he’ll like you,” Maisy said disdainfully. 
She knew Skylar’s days outside must have been tough. Otherwise, she wouldn’t be daydreaming. If daydreaming were useful, she reasoned, Skylar would already be Mrs. Martin now. 
“Liking someone and marrying them are two different things. Even if he doesn’t like me, that doesn’t stop him from marrying me,” Skylar stated truthfully. 
Everyone in the bedroom was listening, but they thought she was just bullshitting. 
Sadie initially felt a bit guilty. But now, she was frustrated that Skylar wasn’t turning out as expected. 
“Stop fantasizing. The Williams family can’t reach Joe’s level. Even if we really gave you a billion, Joe wouldn’t give you a second glance. Stop being ridiculous. Peter said coldly. 
“If you never try, you’ll never know. One billion dollars, no less,” Skylar said expressionlessly. 
“Impossible!” Samuel was the first to shout angrily. 
“You need to stay home and cool off, Jeffrey spat. 
Peter instructed, “Samuel, stay here and watch her. Make sure she doesn’t wander off. Let her think things through tonight.” 
“Dad, Peter, you go to the office. I’ll stay and talk to her,” Maisy said. 
Sadie also put on a stern expression. “It’s good you’re staying home. Take care of me. My neck’s been uncomfortable. The massage you gave me before was quite helpful. Give me a massage now.” 
Indeed, Skylar had her merits. She had been good to her mother before. 
Just then, Kenny’s eyes reddened slightly as he asked Skylar, “Do you hate us? Is that why you don’t want to help us?” 
Skylar laughed lightly. “You’re just realizing this now?” 
She wondered if there was anything they had done that wouldn’t make her hate them. 
Kenny was stunned. Maisy was taken aback. Sadie and Peter furrowed their brows. 
Samuel scoffed, “If anyone should hate, it should be us hating you. Your presence has brought shame to our family. Now we’re giving you a chance to do something for the family, but you don’t want it.” 
“A billion dollars to stabilize the Williams company’s situation, are you sure you don’t want it?” Skylar 
asked coldly 
“Hell no!” Samuel cursed. 
A dark gleam flickered in Skylar’s eyes. She smiled slowly and said each word deliberately, “I can’t wait to see the look of regret on your faces.” 
She turned and walked away. 
Jeffrey shouted angrily, “Stop her! She can’t go anywhere today. She can only leave when she’s thought things through!” 
###chapter134
Samuel and Peter both rushed forward. One grabbed Skylar’s wrist, and the other blocked Skylar’s path. 
“Are you thinking of imprisoning me?” Skylar lifted her eyelids. 
Her gaze was cold as she looked at Peter blocking her way. 
“It’s for your own good. Stay home, and I’ll arrange for you to meet with Paul. Once things between you are settled and you’ve gotten the money, you can do whatever you want. I’ll even acknowledge you as my sister,” Peter said emotionlessly. 
Samuel spoke to Peter, “To make sure nothing goes wrong, I’ll find a way to get some drugs.” 
“Okay,” Peter nodded in agreement. 
He glanced at the time. People were waiting for him at the office. 
Jeffrey and Peter needed to return to deal with a myriad of pressing issues. As for Skylar, it would be best if she just complied. Otherwise, things would be bad when he ran out of patience. 
Later, they would use some drugs on both Skylar and Paul. 
Skylar’s eyes grew cold. She pulled out her phone from her bag. She lit up the call screen to show them. Paul has heard all your plans clearly. Would you like to explain them to him yourself?” 
Peter and Samuel’s expressions changed. 
“Skylar!” Both shouted in unison. 
If it weren’t for the detached villa, the entire neighborhood could’ve heard them. 
Jeffrey had just caught their conversation. His face was turning pale as he was about to say something. Then he heard Paul’s voice from Skylar’s phone. 
“Trying to scheme against me? Even if I’m just an assistant, I have many ways to deal with you. What kind of man would bully a woman? I’ve recorded everything you just said about intending to scheme against me. I’m not finished with your family yet!” 
Paul’s voice was cold and frightening. 
Skylar knew her family’s true colors, so after her voice messages with Joe, she dialed Paul’s number. It was to let him listen carefully to the plans of these Williamses. 
She felt that the target of their schemes deserved to know. She knew she had done a good deed. 
“Paul, please listen to our explanation. Things are not as they seem, let’s meet up, and I’ll explain to you.” Peter pleaded urgently. 
“Ms. Sullivan, do you need me to call the police for you now?” Paul asked politely. 
His respectful demeanor toward Skylar was somewhat unexpected. “No need to call the police, we’re her family, we won’t make things difficult for her. She can go wherever she wants, we never thought about 
restricting her freedom,” Peter said immediately. 
Previously displayed a high–handed attitude in front of Skylar, Peter was now completely humble. He knew that the Williams family couldn’t afford any more setbacks. 
If the police were to get involved, those already targeting the Williams family would definitely take the opportunity to tear them apart. 
He had underestimated Skylar. 
Under the watchful eyes of the Williams family members, Skylar left. 
After she was gone, they all looked somber. 
“Why do I feel something isn’t quite right? Why is Paul so polite to Skylar?” Kenny stepped forward with his brow furrowed. 
###chapter135
Kenny always felt they would regret what they did to Skylar that day. 
“Skylar is no longer an option, and now we’ve offended Paul. I must think of a solution quickly,” Peter gasped in dismay 
Jeffrey shouted, “Bitch!” 
“What should we do? Paul definitely hates us now. Skylar is too cunning. Why did she call Paul to let him hear our conversation? Did she plan this before she came? Paul stood up for her, and she still claims she has nothing to do with him,” Maisy said darkly. 
“She hates us and wants us ruined! When have we ever mistreated her for her to treat us this way?” Samuel was furious. 
Kenny remembered something Skylar had said earlier. “It seems we’ve never been good to her.” 
Since Skylar returned home, they had always been critical of her and were never satisfied with anything 
about her. 
In reality, Skylar was well–taught and very polite. She had always been considerate toward them. 
Thinking of it, Kenny felt uncomfortable. 
Peter coldly said, “Kenny, no matter how we treated her, she’s still part of the Williams family. But now, instead of supporting us during difficult times, she’s adding to our troubles. That’s not right.” 
“Peter is right. Let’s see how long she can keep this up,” Samuel narrowed his eyes as he planned to teach Skylar a lesson when he got back to the set. 
He felt that it had to be Charles who had spoiled Skylar. He had to teach them a good lesson! 
Maisy cautiously looked at Kenny, “Kenny, are you blaming me? If I hadn’t stayed home, Skylar would have stayed and wouldn’t be so hostile toward us.” 
She couldn’t allow their parents and brothers to go soft on Skylar. 
Kenny looked at Maisy, whose eyes were red and puffy. He felt guilty thinking about his previous suspicions. “It’s not your fault. You’re my sister and always will be. Let’s not worry about Skylar anymore.” 
“Kenny is right. Let’s forget about her! One day, when she’s had enough and is discarded, she’ll beg for us to take her back.” Samuel was furious. 
Thinking that she was blood–related to Skylar made him uncomfortable. Samuel thought she was an 
embarrassment! 
Just minutes after Skylar, left Williams Residence, she received a call from Joe. 
His first words were, “You told the Williams family to give you a billion dollars, and then you would sleep 
with me?” 
She braked sharply. Skylar’s face turned red as if she had been caught in an act. She hadn’t thought it 
through at the moment. 
She also forgot that Paul could hear her conversation if he were with Joe. 
“I was just simply talking with them. Mr. Martin, don’t take it seriously. I know you have someone you like.” Skylar took a deep breath to keep her voice calm and composed. 
He was really too overwhelming! 
Skylar thought she heard Joe laughing faintly through the phone, but the sound was muffled. 
“I have someone I like? I wasn’t aware.” 
Joe seemed to be in a good mood and started chatting with her. 
“I saw Annie interviewing you a few days ago, and then I also saw people saying you were a couple in college. Mr. Martin, I’m really sorry. 
“I didn’t know you had someone you liked, so I rashly agreed to Grandma’s request. I’ll head to Galaxy Villa, and we can discuss the divorce. Skylar focused on driving while discussing the matter with Joe. 
Joe’s voice was slightly cold. “I have nothing to do with Annie.” 
Skylar wasn’t sure what to say. She wondered if, without any connection between them, they would su attend John’s engagement party together. Perhaps it was merely a simple fight between couples. 
###chapter136
Half an hour later, Skylar met Joe. They hadn’t seen each other for over ten days. When Joe saw Skylar return, he looked at her. 
“You’re back?” 
“Yes, there was no traffic. It only took me 30 minutes to come back from Williams Residence,” Skylar said as she walked in while carrying her bag. 
Love you! 
dinner?” Joe asked. 
Skylar noticed there was no gloom in his eyes. There was no sign of hunger or irritation after an argument. She thoughtfully nodded. “I had dinner before going to the Williamses.” 
“Come on, I’ll take you somewhere,” Joe stood up. 
“Where to? It’s already past eight.” 
“You’ll see when we get there.” 
Skylar was silent for a moment before following him. She had thought they were going out, but Joe led 
Skylar to the garage instead. 
She had never been to the garage before. She knew it was large but never realized it was this vast. It housed over thirty cars. It was more than a typical car dealership would have. 
She wondered what Joe had in mind and realized she couldn’t read him. Still, she generously 
complimented, “These cars are so cool!” 
And each one was cooler than the last 
She didn’t know much about cars, and she didn’t recognize some of the brands. However, just looking at 
them, she knew they were impressive and obviously very expensive. 
Joe’s eyes displayed a rare softness. “Pick one you like.” 
“What? For me?” 
“Yes, it’s a gift from me for joining Mr. Gardner Senior’s team. The car you’re currently driving is too small.” 
He hadn’t noticed what car Skylar had been driving before. He assumed she would choose one from the garage. Instead, she had bought a small car worth over ten thousand dollars. He wouldn’t have known if 
Paul didn’t tell him. 
Skylar shook her head in refusa). “My car is newly bought, and it’s an electric one, economical and cheap to run. The cars here all have high fuel consumption. They’re too conspicuous for work. But thank you for the thought.” 
“You’re Mrs. Martin now, Gradually, Grandma’s friends will get to know you. Our relationship is something the Internet doesn’t know about. If they find out I’ve been neglecting you, I won’t be able to explain to the elders,” Joe said. He had anticipated her refusal. 
Skylar couldn’t refuse any longer. “Alright then, thank you.” 
She walked past the cars. 
“If you don’t like any, we can go to a dealership tomorrow and pick the car you like,” Joe said, seeing that she wasn’t particularly impressed by his collection. 
He had many cars. He bought them on a whim whenever a new or limited edition came out. Many had 
never been driven. 
Staff from Pearlhall Residence regularly came by to maintain these cars. 
Now that he finally had time to look at them, he found them ordinary. It made him somewhat reluctant to 
gift them. 
In Skylar’s mind, if these cars weren’t impressive, the ones elsewhere definitely weren’t worth considering. 
Natalie had once briefed her on a few models, mentioning that Jeremy liked one. It was a limited edition that Joe had reserved. Jeremy could only long for it.. 
She had just seen that car. It was covered in dust. 
Clearly, it had never been driven. 
She casually chose one. “I’ll take this one. But let’s agree, if we visit Grandma, I’ll drive this car. For work, 
I’ll stick with my old one. 
“The most expensive car my coworer drives is worth just over a hundred thousand. If I drive this to work, I’ll inevitably be bombarded with questions. At work, I prefer to keep a low profile.” 
Joe nodded. “As you wish.” 
They left the garage. 
Joe received a phone call when they were about to head back inside the villa. It was probably a friend. inviting him out. 
###chapter137
“I’ve been drinking, and my driver had taken a day off for personal matters. Can you drive me there?‘ Joe 
asked. 
Skylar had just received a car and felt embarrassed to refuse. “Sure, I’ll take you.” 
Twenty minutes later, they arrived at a club. 
“Come with me. After it’s over, we can go home together,” Joe told Skylar. 
Skylar had initially planned to drop Joe off and then return home since meeting friends at this hour could mean staying out all night. However, he had mentioned returning home together afterward. She thought she might as well see it through to the end. 
“How should I introduce myself to your friends?” Skylar asked. 
Joe fixed his eyes on her briefly before saying, “Just say you’re my secretary.” 
“Alright.” 
She accepted and was determined to play the role of the secretary perfectly without any slip–ups. 
After entering the club, they went up to the top floor. The club was remarkably quiet. It seemed that those. among the elite who valued privacy probably all came here. 
Skylar had never been to such a place but wasn’t too curious. 
Natalie had mentioned this club before, saying that the cost for one night could be equivalent to several years of a regular family’s living expenses. 
She said that Jeremy had taken her there a few times to meet with some friends. However, she rarely saw Joe there, as he was usually busy. 
When Joe appeared, the four men playing poker were momentarily stunned. Each man was accompanied by a beautiful woman. The women were exceptionally pretty. 
Two of them seemed to be female celebrities. 
Skylar sometimes watched dramas when she had the time. She, noticed that reality and TV sometimes differed. Both of them were leading actresses. They looked even more dazzling in person than on TV. 
The four men at the poker table often appeared in various scandals. They were always seen with celebrities, Internet sensations, or models. They were always with someone different everyday. 
She felt that entertainment reporters must love them. There was always so much gossip to dig into. Thanks to these stories, Skylar’recognized all four men. 
They were Mark Milton, Ethan Stewart, Rowan Jakeman, and Lukas Larsson. 
Ethan and Lukas often appeared in entertainment news, seemingly competing to see who could switch girlfriends faster or who had dated more. 
Rowan and Mark were alright. They seemed to be single for now. 
The beauties beside them appeared to be models based on their figures and height. 
Skylar loved looking at beautiful women, especially that day. She had just watched dramas starring these two actresses not long ago. She suddenly felt that driving Joe there was quite worthwhile. 
“Finally got you to come over today. If it weren’t for my birthday today, would you even come? Hey, is this your…” Rowan’s eyes lit up when he saw Skylar. 
He thought Skylar looked beautiful. He hadn’t heard about Joe having any women around. 
Pure and ascetic, these guys had spent years guessing whether Joe had issues. They were shocked by him quietly having a woman by his side 
Skylar smiled. “I am Mr. Martin’s secretary.” 
“Secretary?” Rowan winked at Joe. 
When the four beauties first saw Joe, their eyes lit up. Initially, they were disappointed when they saw Skylar. But their gazes toward Joe immediately changed once Skylar introduced herself as the secretary. 
###chapter138
Joe was accustomed to the way people scrutinized him. However, he found it disgusting when other men assessed him in the same manner. 
“Isn’t Paul the only one by your side? When did you find a beautiful secretary? Rowan thought Joe was. deceiving himself. 
He felt that Joe suddenly having a beautiful secretary must mean there was something fishy going on. It was likely a romantic affair kept close at hand. 
Among the group, only Rowan and Joe were truly close friends. The other three didn’t dare speak so freely with Joe. 
Ethan was already pulling the female star to her feet to make room for Joe. “Joe, would you like to play a 
few rounds?” 
Lukas and Mark cursed Ethan silently for his quick reaction. 
Knowing that Joe had no interest in poker, he said, “I know you don’t like to play, just sit and let your little secretary play.” 
Joe asked Skylar, “Do you know how to play? If you win, it’s yours. If you lose, it’s on me.” 
Hearing that the winnings could be hers, Skylar’s eyes brightened. She humbly said, “I can play, but I’m not 
very good.” 
“It’s fine.” Joe’s tone was softer than he realized. 
Mark raised his eyebrows and gave Skylar a look. He thought that Skylar couldn’t only accompany Joe to meet friends but also receive his gentle treatment. She must be either very skilled or very talented in bed. 
Thinking this, he felt a tingling curiosity. He wondered what getting someone who had caught Joe’s interest would be like. 
Rowan teased, “As long as you can play, it doesn’t matter how well. Your boss is rich. He can afford your losses! It’s not often I get a chance to win his money. I can’t let it pass.” 
Skylar sat down, and her heart quickly settled. It had been a long time since she had played. She often played with Viola. 
Seeing Skylar’s serious demeanor, Joe softened. “Don’t worry about losing.” 
Skylar turned her head and whispered in his ear, “If I win, will it really be mine? Do I really not need to worry? Will your friends be upset if they lose?” 
Before they had even started playing, Skylar began to worry. Joe was in a rare good mood and softened his tone, “Don’t worry.” 
Being in a private club meant playing at ease without the cunning and scheming of the business world. “Okay.” Skylar’s smile made the light in her eyes sparkle brilliantly. 
Joe was slightly mesmerized by the sight. 
Their whispers and close interaction caught everyone off guard. 
They believed a relationship like this was more complicated than it seemed. No one would think Skylar 
was ju 
just a secretary. Besides, they couldn’t remember Joe being so close to a woman before. 
Everyone understood without saying a word. They knew her job as a “secretary” was just a facade. 
While the poker game heated up, the staff had already brought in the birthday cake. The cake was just to fit the atmosphere. There was hardly anyone who paid much attention to it. 
An hour later, Joe looked at the thick stack of cash in front of him and suddenly realized that Skylar was worried he wouldn’t keep his word if she won. 
Considering the frequency with which Rowan felt the urge to gamble, he couldn’t be compared. 
Lukas and Mark had initially underestimated Skylar. They thought a gentle, fragile lady like Skylar couldn’t be too clever. They agreed to play with her only out of respect for Joe. However, within an hour, they had lost several hundred thousand dollars! 
###chapter139
The amount of money was not substantial, but the insult was profound to Lukas and Mark. 
“Did you intentionally bring a professional to win our money? Rowan cursed softly, then glared at Joe to 
accuse him. 
He thought Skylar was inexperienced, seeing she appeared to only be in her 20s. Yet, her poker skills suggested she had been in the game for decades. 
“Five of a kind,” Skylar declared as she played a card, then added innocently, “I’m just lucky.” 
Joe watched Skylar’s act of playing dumb and warmed up slightly. His smile was tinged with amusement. He spoke in an even tone, “If you can’t afford to lose, don’t play.” 
“Who are you underestimating? Rowan retorted in an annoyed manner. 
He wondered who among them couldn’t afford to lose. They could easily lose billions in one night, let alone a few hundred thousand. 
They finally knew why Joe had brought her along. Although she was beautiful, she wasn’t just a bimbo. 
After winning three consecutive games, Skylar turned to Joe and suggested, “Is this enough? Winning more seems a bit too much.” 
She had roughly estimated that each man had lost between eight hundred thousand to over a million dollars, totaling around four to five million dollars. 
Viola had always said not to get addicted to gambling. It was best to quit while ahead. 
“Have you had enough? If not, you can keep playing. What you’ve won isn’t a significant amount,* Joe remarked as he looked at her. 
Skylar felt somewhat embarrassed by her winnings. “I’ll treat you to dinner when we get back.” 
“I’ll eat what you’ve cooked for me.” Joe’s voice slightly deepened. 
Perhaps it was the ambience of the clubhouse that made his chest feel a bit restless. 
“Then I’ll prepare a feast fit for you.” 
Otherwise, it wouldn’t do justice to the millions she had won. 
“Alright,” Joe responded in a low voice. 
“What was the beautiful lady’s name?” Rowan casually inquired.. 
It was indeed his first time seeing Joe so close to a woman. One could see a hint of favor in his eyes. 
“Skylar,” she responded while pushing away her winning cards. 
She had won again. 
“Damn!” Rowan exclaimed with his eyes wide. 
Joe gave Rowan a warning glance. He signaled him clearly not to swear. 
Rowan’s mouth twitched. 
“Mr. Martin, I’m a bit tired.” Skylar feigned weariness. 
In reality, she wasn’t tired at all. The stakes were simply too thrilling. If it were smaller amounts, she could have continued playing until morning. 
Joe saw through Skylar’s little ruse. “Go rest then. There’s food over there.” 
Skylar nodded and stood up. Joe then asked Rowan and the others, “Are you still playing?” 
Rowan also stood up. “No, let’s have the cake.” 
From the start, Joe didn’t want to play. His question was merely a formality. He wondered if they could really continue playing. 
Skylar felt a bit thirsty. She found no water, only soft drinks, juice, and alcohol. 
She picked up a glass of orange juice and took a few tips. Then she ate a few pieces of fruit. 
“Are you really Mr. Martin’s secretary?” 
Skylar turned her head to look at Shirley Flynn. 
Shirley was the lead actress in a currently popular TV drama. She was at the height of her fame. Skylar really enjoyed watching her dramas as she found her acting to be very natural. 
“Yes, I am the secretary,” Skylar responded. 
That night, she was Joe’s secretary and not some secret wife. 
###chapter140
Shirley raised on eyebrow and suggested, “You’re so lucky to be with Mr. Martin,” 
In their circle, having a financial backer ensured a smooth path. Many wished to latch onto Joe. Yet, they only dared to dream about it without any chance of contact. 
Skylar knew Shirley’s words had a deeper meaning. She thought about it and decided there was no need to explain. 
At today’s event, she would likely not have the chance to come again. Nor would she meet these people again. 
“You would be wasting your talent not being in the entertainment industry,” Shirley said, looking at Skylar closely. 
Beautiful yet desirable and with a great figure, Skylar could become a top star in no time if she entered the entertainment industry with Joe’s support. 
Skylar smiled. “Everyone excels in different areas. I don’t really like being in front of cameras.” 
Shirley shrugged and said, “You’re right. Everyone excels in different things. If I weren’t acting, I wouldn’t know what else to do.” 
They chatted casually for a few more moments. 
Right then, the door was pushed open. 
“Mr. Jakeman, sorry I’m late. Happy birthday!” 
Skylar and Shirley looked over together. 
It was Annie. She wore a long white dress. She appeared pure and radiant. She was quite different from her dignified television persona. 
In front of two female celebrities and models, Annie didn’t fall short in terms of appearance. 
After apologizing to Rowan, Annie glanced around and was somewhat surprised to see Joe. “Mr. Martin, you’re here too?” 
Rowan waved it off and replied, “You’re not late. We haven’t eaten the cake yet.” 
Annie walked toward Rowan and Joe as if she didn’t see anyone else there. She handed over a gift bag to Rowan. “This is your birthday present.” 
“Thank you!” Rowan responded. 
Noticing Annie’s continual glances at Joe, he teased, “Didn’t you two just meet a few days ago? Joe was on your show. Why does it still seem so awkward?” 
A blush spread across Annie’s face. “Can you just shut up on your birthday, Mr. Jakeman?” 
Joe nodded slightly toward Annie as a greeting to acknowledge her presence. For them, Joe’s nodding 
KWIETN 
was a sign of recognition. But the depth of their relationship was unclear. 
Rowan thought of something and looked at Skylar. He wondered why it felt like Joe was warmer to his secretary than to Annie. 
“Do you know Annie? Joe no longer needs you. Would you consider joining me? I can offer worse than Joe’s, Mark whispered from behind Skylar in a low voice. 
you 
terms no 
He was likely afraid of being overheard. 
Skylar was caught off guard by Mark while she was observing Joe and Annie. Just a few hours ago, Joe had told her that he had nothing to do with Annie. But now, seeing their interactions, it didn’t seem like it 
was nothing 
Joe was inexplicably cold and hard to read. 
She gave Mark a cold look. “Mr. Martin and I are not what you think.” 
“If not what I think, then what? Do you really think we believe you’re just his secretary? Paul is very capable. At most, you’re just someone to warm his bed.” 
Desire was already bubbling inside Mark. Up close, he felt even more restless after seeing Skylar’s fair and soft skin. Such a beauty was truly irresistible to him. 
Skylar frowned. Considering Mark was Joe’s friend, She refrained from scolding him. “Besides secretary and a bed warmer, do you dare to think what else I could be to Mr. Martin? 
“If you still want to be friends with him, you’d better take back what you just said. I’m not good at keeping 
knows, I might say something I shouldn’t in front of him in a few minutes.” secrets. Who 
“You little…” Mark was infuriated. He hadn’t expected such a soft–looking girl to be so tough. 
品 
###chapter141
Skylar glanced at the ring on Mark’s finger. It was an expensive antique. 
Such items would not be worn by people like them unless they symbolized wealth and status. After all, contemporary high–end brand accessories are more fashionable. 
But… 
She curled her lips slightly. Then, she glanced at the beautiful models sitting on the sofa. 
It was a pity. Some men thought playing with women was like riding the wave of trends. She felt that. these men didn’t realize they were stepping deeper into the abyss. 
“Did Mr. Martin bring his secretary today?” Annie suddenly raised her voice slightly. Her gaze finally swept toward the other people present 
Ethan tried to suppress a laugh. “Ms. Silver, did you just realize there are a few of us here?” 
“She probably only just saw Mr. Martin!” Lukas joked. 
Annie’s gaze eventually settled on Skylar. She remembered Skylar. It was hard not to remember her. 
The last time in Joe’s car, she had seen Joe staring blankly at Skylar. At that moment, she simply thought Skylar fit Joe’s taste, which was why Joe took a few extra glances at her. 
She hadn’t thought deeply about what kind of person Joe was. She felt that he must have seen plenty of women like Skylar. 
She wondered how he could openly stare at someone on the street, considering she was supposed to be his secretary, especially when Joe had Paul by his side. 
She also wondered when he would need a female secretary. The reasons one might need a female secretary were easy for her to assume. 
Suddenly, she felt her heart tightened. 
“Hello, Ms. Silver. I’m Mr. Martin’s secretary.” 
Since Annie had already asked, Skylar naturally stepped forward to introduce herself. 
She hadn’t expected to meet Annie in person today. In real life, she was much more beautiful than on TV 
True to her scholarly family background, she possessed a temperament many could not possess. 
Annie’s smile remained polite and gentle as she nodded at Skylar, “Hello.” 
Joe noticed Mark had been talking to Skylar, and her face still held a trace of a smile. His expression darkened as he walked over. 
Seeing Joe approaching, Mark sat back down on the sofa and wrapped his arm around a model. 
Skylar was surprised to see Joe come straight over to her. She wondered if he was worried about 
upsetting Annie. 
“Is the orange juice good?” Joe asked Skylar. 
Skylar nodded, slightly bewildered. “It’s quite good, just a bit sour.” 
Annie saw Joe go directly to Skylar, and her expression stiffened. 
Sharp as ever, Rowan sensed the tension and called everyone to have the cake. 
After it was over, Rowan thought of something. He had invited Joe and Annie that day to help nudge them together. So, he was doing them a favor by going with the flow. 
“Annie, did you drive here?” 
Aware of what was happening, Annie shook her head. “I had some wine at dinner, so I took a cab.” 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Ou
###chapter142
your 
home in the same direction as Joe? Are both of you living in Jubilant Street? If so, he can give you a ride on the way.” Rowan made the arrangement directly. 
Skylar blinked. She knew Joe owned many properties and Jubilant Street seemed to be near Martin Group. 
However, it was not on the way to their current residence in Galaxy Villas. 
“It’s not convenient. I live in Galaxy Villas.” Joe refused directly without hesitation or searching for an 
excuse. 
Rowan was taken aback. Meanwhile, Annie’s smile stiffened. 
The others acted as if they hadn’t heard their conversation. 
“I’ll just take a cab Annie clutched her limited–edition bag lightly. 
Rowan felt a bit awkward. “I’ll drive you then. I also have an apartment on Jubilant Street. I’ll stay there. 
tonight” 
“Thank you, Mr. Jakeman.” Annie accepted. 
After Joe got into Skylar’s small car, everyone was stunned again. 
“What brand is that little car? Is it a newly released limited edition?” Lukas frowned and asked. He didn’t 
recognize it. 
Annie knew what brand it was. The car had been advertised on her show. “It’s a domestic new energy 
vehicle.” 
She wondered how far things had progressed between him and Skylar. 
“It must be Mr. Joe’s secretary’s car,” Mark commented. 
His eyes sparkled. Skylar came from an ordinary background, and he thought that she was pretending to be innocent. He felt that Skylar was likely being supported by Joe now. 
He speculated how long Joe would keep her before he got bored and whether she would continue to be so proud, as powerless girls were the easiest to control. 
Rowan clicked his tongue. “I almost thought it was some kind of limited edition model.” 
On the way back, Joe was slightly drunk. 
Her car felt even smaller with him in it. Normally, she didn’t notice anything amiss. But with Joe, the car seemed narrower. 
“If you’re tired, you can sleep for a while. I’ll wake you when we get home,” Skylar said after glancing at the 
142 
tired Joe. 
Joe opened his eyes and looked at her. “Okay.” 
Perhaps it was the relaxed and peaceful atmosphere in the car, plus the lack of aggression from Skylar, 
that made him put his guard down. 
There was no perfume smell in the car, only a faint scent of medicine. It was probably another of her. mixes with some mood–stabilizing effects. 
Skylar put on some soothing music. Normally suffering from sleep disorders, Joe fell asleep without realizing it. 
They reached Galaxy Villas, and Joe slept soundly throughout the ride. 
When they stopped, Joe opened his eyes. His eyes still held traces of sleepiness. 
“You’re awake? We’re home.” Skylar was surprised. She had thought he might sleep a bit longer. 
Joe hummed in response, then looked at his watch. “Let’s go home.” 
When the words slipped out of his mouth, Joe paused as he was about to open the car door. 
He turned back and glanced at Skylar as she was preparing to get out of the car. 
Skylar saw him looking at her. “What’s wrong?” 
“Nothing, let’s go,” Joe got out of the car. 
The noticeable height difference between them was evident under the moonlight. Joe’s figure completely enveloped Skylar. 
Skylar looked at their overlapping shadows on the ground and blinked. 
“Let me hold the bag.” Joe took the bag from Skylar’s hand. 
The money she had won was all in cash. They were stored in a tote bag from the club. It was several million dollars in cash. 
The bag was somewhat heavy. This weight was nothing significant for Skylar, but before she could speak, Joe had taken the bag. 
“Thank you.” 
They entered the brightly lit Galaxy Villas. They had left the lights on when they left. 
It was already 1:30 am. 
Skylar was feeling sleepy. Normally, she didn’t stay a 
###chapter143
Skylar felt somewhat groggy as she walked upstairs. 
Joe watched her enter the house. She was so sleepy, as if she could nod off at any moment. He let out a faint smile as he watched. 
Despite her young age, Skylar maintained a routine that was as regular as an elderly person’s. 
Earlier at the club, she had yawned discreetly. The drive back required her full attention. Now, she was 
completely out of energy. 
“Should I leave the money on the sofa? I’ll collect it when I wake up tomorrow morning.” 
Skylar suddenly remembered something very important. It was the money she won through her efforts. 
The thought of her first substantial earnings coming from a card table brought a smile to her face. She grinned at Joe. “I really owe you one. I probably won’t have another chance to win so much at a poker 
table in my life.” 
Of course, another possibility would be entering a casino. But once a person was in, it was easy to get trapped. That day’s game was unintended. It was unlike her to go to a casino deliberately. 
make you th 
“Do a few million dollars happy? Should I take you there often to win their money?” Joe’s gaze fell on her smiling eyes. 
Skylar decisively shook her head. “No, once is enough. One shouldn’t be too greedy.” 
She wanted money, but she preferred to earn it through her own skills and hard work. 
Joe was somewhat surprised. “You don’t want more money?” 
“Money earned by sheer luck shouldn’t be coveted too greedily,” she replied. 
Joe was silent for a few seconds. “You make a good point.” 
Then, the two of them went upstairs to their respective rooms. 
After taking a shower, it was already 2:00 am. 
Skylar fell into a deep sleep as soon as she hit the bed. 
The next morning, she didn’t even hear her alarm and slept until 8:00 am. Fortunately, they started work 
at 9:00 am. 
She hurriedly got ready and went downstairs, where she saw Joe. He was holding something, probably 
breakfast. 
“Have breakfast before you go to work,” Joe suggested when he saw Skylar rushing to leave. 
“There’s no time. I ate too much last night, and I’m not hungry yet,” Skylar replied as she reached the door. 
Joe quickly walked over and handed her a small bag. “Here’s a sandwich and some milk. Eat when you 
can.” 
Skylar didn’t refuse. She took the bag and thanked him. 
She had just started her job and couldn’t afford to be late. 
After Skylar rushed off, Joe glanced at the bag of money lying not far away. She hadn’t even looked at it when she left this morning. He slightly curved his lips and returned to the dining table. 
There was always a variety of dishes for breakfast at Pearlhall Residence. Since living with Skylar, Joe had gradually become accustomed to eating breakfast. 
He checked his phone for a recent message from Rowan. 
Rowan: She’s not your secretary, so is Skylar the little mistress you’re keeping around?” 
Joe: “No.” 
Rowan: “Then she’s just a casual fling? Marcus was asking about her last night, trying to figure out what exactly is between you two.” 
Joe pursed his lips coldly at the mention of Marcus. A chill emanated from him. 
Joe: Tell him not to covet someone he shouldn’t.” 
Rowan: “Such possessiveness doesn’t sound like it’s nothing. You’re not seriously considering her as a girlfriend, are you? What about Annie? Everyone knows how she feels about you.” 
###chapter144
Joe: “Tell Annie not to covet someone she shouldn’t.” 
Rowan was shocked to read his message. He replied, “You have no feelings for Annie at all? You’ve been single for so many years, isn’t it for her sake? Just tell me what your relationship with Skylar is! Your attitude towards her is too unusual,” 
Unfortunately, Joe ignored the questions. 
Rowan never gossips and is uninterested in other people’s affairs. In Jipsburg, many would love to gossip about him, so he didn’t need to gossip about others. If he wanted to know something, he just asked 
around, and the truth would unveil itself. 
Joe was d 
different. People wanted to know about Joe’s romantic scandals. But without his cooperation, 
an investigation wasn’t an option, as he would surely find out. 
“No need to rush. I don’t believe Joe can keep his secrets forever.” 
Annie got up late. She had barely slept last night. After returning from the club, she lay in bed with a 
restless mind.. 
She really wanted to know what the relationship between Skylar and Joe was. She asked Rowan, but he 
didn’t know, either. It was his first time meeting Skylar, 
Seeing Skylar’s stunningly captivating face, Annie felt threatened for the first time. She had just gotten out 
of bed when a message from Rowan popped up on her phone. 
Rowan: “Don’t set your sights on Joe anymore. He just told me to tell you not to covet what you shouldn’t.” 
Annie’s face turned pale, and she clutched her phone tightly. She felt that Joe’s words were sharp and 
cruel. 
In the hospital. Christopher stood at the billing counter. He was lost in thought. 
The money in his bank account was far from enough to cover the surgery fees. His mother’s condition. 
was critical and urgent. He wondered where he could get hundreds of thousands of dollars in such a time. 
If he hadn’t lost his job, perhaps he could have had a bonus of two hundred thousand dollars by the end 
of the year. Although he had gone to job interviews, there was no follow–up for some reason. 
Given his educational background, his degree, his field, and his abilities, it was bizarre that so many companies had interviewed him, and none had hired him. 
He thought Skylar had become heartless and definitely wouldn’t help him again. For some reason, he felt that if Skylar were willing to help, she could definitely come up with the surgery money. 
But… He never thought Skylar could be so cold to him. 
Clupte 144 
He picked up his phone and called Maisy. “Maisy, lend me five hundred thousand dollars, please. Help me get through this tough time. I will earn the money and pay you back soon.” 
###chapter145
“I already refused you last time. Now our family’s company is facing some problems. I was short on money before, and now it’s even worse. Think of another solution. 
“You might as well ask Skylar. She had a formidable backer. She even dared to mock us coldly when she came home the other day. She even had the courage to cut ties with my family. 
Maisy was really running out of patience with Christopher. She wondered why she hadn’t noticed how troublesome Christopher was before. He constantly bothered her with trivial matters over the phone, 
which annoyed her to no end. 
Christopher looked at the phone that had been ruthlessly hung up. He could feel his cheeks burning. 
He had spent so much money on Maisy, and now that he was facing difficulties, he couldn’t believe Maisy 
had turned her back on him! 
If only he had known… 
He shouldn’t have betrayed Skylar. If he hadn’t betrayed Skylar, she wouldn’t have left him for another 
man 
Paul didn’t seem better than him in any way. Skylar must have found out about him and Maisy, then acted 
recklessly in a fit of anger. 
Christopher regretted it more and more! 
But there was no time left for regrets. “I can only sell the old house and go back home for the surgery.” 
No, he felt he had to try again. He had to find Skylar. He couldn’t live without her! 
Janine was surprised when she received a call from Amelia. She had blocked Amelia’s number, and she 
had called from a different one. 
She started crying as soon as she spoke. “Janine, I apologize. It was my fault! Over the years, my health has been poor, and I’ve often visited the hospital. 
“After so long, it affected me mentally, making me selfish and inconsiderate of others. These past few days, I’ve been full of regret, especially about the hurtful things I said to you that day and how I hurt 
Skylar’s feelings.” 
She added, “I’ve been reflecting these days and even consulted a doctor. My condition is mostly psychological, which is why I couldn’t control myself and hurt others. 
“We’ve known each other for so many years. You should know what kind of person I am. I truly wish for the best for them. Last time, I wronged Skylar, and I regretted those words as soon as they were
said.” 
She continued, “Janine, the children have been in a relationship for so many years, and it’s the purest form of romance. Our generation hasn’t experienced much romance, but we can’t ruin the kids‘ love. 
“Christopher truly loves Skylar. They had such a stable relationship before, and they were about to get married. We can’t let a few misunderstandings and my mistakes end their relationship. 
“It really is a misunderstanding. How could Christopher ever wrong Skylar? It’s all fake! Oh, right, the Williams family. They really mistreated Skylar, especially your own daughter. 
*She often seduces Christopher and then causes trouble for Skylar at the Williams family. This time, it must have been her doing, just to break Skylar and Christopher apart. 
Amelia had now seen clearly that she couldn’t rely on Maisy. Christopher had made it clear that Maisy would only watch coldly from the sidelines and take their money but never give them any in return. 
They had to depend on Skylar for the surgery. 
Janine’s face turned completely cold as she listened to her parents talk about the things Maisy had done to Skylar. 
Just a few days ago, Maisy had unusually called her. She was asking Skylar to return to the Williams family. 
Then she called Skylar, and she must have gone back to the Williams family. She never mentioned what the Williamses did to her. 
She always reported joy but not sorrow. She hid her grievances deep inside, not wanting to concern 
anyone. 
Janine felt utterly incompetent as a mother, especially after hearing from others about Skylar’s suffering. 
“So you knew everything, yet you just watched Skylar suffer. Let me make it clear, I absolutely will not agree to Skylar being with your son. You can give up on that!” 
Janine had just hung up the phone when Harvey, who had been listening to her and Amelia’s conversation, pushed open the front door and ran out. 
“Harvey, where are you going?” 
“I’m going to find my sister!” 
###chapter146
“Harvey, you don’t even know where your sister works. Hurry up and review your lessons. You’re going back to school tomorrow. Come back now!” 
Janine quickly went to the balcony. She opened the window and shouted at Harvey, who had run 
downstairs 
Harvey waved at Janine. “Trust me, I’ve never liked cramming at the last minute. Skylar has been bullied, and you didn’t tell me. I’m worried about her, and I need to see her! I’m grown up now, so don’t worry!” 
Janine knew that Harvey was utterly stubborn. Once he decided on something, he would never change his 
mind 
After hanging up the phone, Amelia’s face darkened. 
“Christopher, I think Janine and her family have made up their minds not to let Skylar be with you. Given the situation, we should go directly to her.” 
If it hadn’t been for the increasing feeling that Skylar was useful, she would have never humbled herself enough to speak so much to Janine. 
She felt it unfair that everyone around Janine was without a husband, yet Janine appeared to be living better than them. The more she thought about it, the more unfair it seemed 
“No, Mom, I can’t live without Skylar.” 
Christopher fiercely ruffled his already messy hair in despair. Since losing his job, he had visibly lost 
weight in just a few days. 
Amelia looked at her son and felt her heart aching. “With your qualifications, you could find any kind of 
woman you want. 
“Skylar is now someone’s sugar baby, a tarnished woman. Why would you still want her? Even after saying so many nice things to her, she won’t come back.” 
She felt that Skylar didn’t deserve a man like Christopher. 
Christopher’s eyes reddened. “Mom, stop talking!” 
Amelia blinked and didn’t dare to say anything more. Her son was good to her, but sometimes he had a fierce temper. 
It seemed he really cared about Skylar 
If she had known this would happen, she would’ve helped him get back together with Skylar back then Instead of making such cruel remarks. 
“She wouldn’t just become cold–hearted for no reason. She must have seen me with Maisy, which is why she didn’t believe the clarifications online. I should have realized that earlier.” 
22 
Christopher became more regretful. He truly regretted not cherishing Skylar properly. 
They were about to get married before Skylar ended everything. These days, he often recalled their sweet moments in high school when they were carefree. 
Back then, he had sworn that he would never let Skylar down. He wanted to be with her for a lifetime! 
But later, he forgot about it all… 
Meanwhile, at the Williams Group, Jeffrey and Peter were swamped with chaos. 
One phone call after another came in, all about various partnerships that had been previously agreed upon but were now being canceled. 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter147
The other party would rather forgo the initial costs than continue with the cooperation. 
“Don’t bother me with such trivial matters. What’s the point of me earning a high salary to support you all? Just get out. All of you!” Jeffrey shouted, completely losing his demeanor as a chairman. 
Peter glanced at Jeffrey, who’d lost his composure, 
His eyes were bloodshot as he said, “Dad, our company probably won’t last much longer. It’s clear that someone is intentionally targeting us.” 
*Targeting us? Paul doesn’t have that capability, and Joe would never listen to him. 
“It doesn’t make sense for them to target a company that’s already well established,” Jeffrey said, shaking his head. This was something he couldn’t comprehend. 
Where did things go wrong? Why would someone deliberately target him? It was as if they wanted to destroy all the hard work he’d put in over the years. 
“Paul cannot openly target us. It’s also unlikely that Joe would follow his instructions. 
“The person must have the power for the companies to toe the line and cease cooperation with us. But there are only so many individuals with that level of influence in Jipsburg,” Peter said in his deep voice. 
Jeffrey frowned and continued, “It seems we’ve been heading in the wrong direction. We shouldn’t focus on retrieving the companies. Rather, we should find out who’s targeting us.” 
Suddenly, a person came across Peter’s mind. “Could it be Skye? She hates us.” 
Peter used to ponder when alone–why would Skylar hate them? He couldn’t understand. 
Skylar grew up poor in the countryside. However, her life improved significantly when she stayed with the Williams family.. 
Could it be dissatisfaction? 
“Her? She doesn’t have the capability, either,” Jeffrey disagreed. 
“She can’t do it herself. But she can if she finds a powerful benefactor. Perhaps we’ve been mistaken from 
the start. Her benefactor isn’t Paul. 
“There’s definitely someone else. Someone influential in Jipsburg,” said Jeffrey. 
Although he’d hate to admit it, Skylar was prettier than Maisy. Men of all ages were attracted to young, 
beautiful girls. And Skylar was young and beautiful. 
Jeffrey calmed down a little but continued, “I’m gonna kill her if she’s the one behind this. You need to Investigate and find out who her benefactor is.” 
Peter nodded and said, “Alright, I’ll have someone look into it.” 
Kenny, who happened to be at the company to check on things, overheard their conversation at the door. 
242 
He felt uncomfortable and frowned saying, “We haven’t been very good to Skye all this time.” 
“What do you mean? Ever since we found out she’s part of our family, we took her in. We let her live in our 
home and offered her to study abroad. 
“She’s just too greedy. Wanting everything and always disobeying us. We’re better off without someone like her!” Jeffrey shouted when he heard Kenny.. 
In Jeffrey’s eyes, Skylar was at fault. 
Peter also disagreed and asked, “Kenny, what’s been going on with you these past few days? Why do you keep defending Skylar? 
“Ever since she lived with us, our attitude toward her has been constant throughout. Didn’t you say before 
that she was disobedient?” 
“We were all too focused on Maisy and neglected to consider what she was thinking. The more I think about Maisy and Christopher lately, the more uneasy I become,” Kenny confessed. 
Peter couldn’t tolerate it any longer and asked, “Kenny, do you trust Skylar over Maisy? 
“We’ve been watching Maisy grow up. If we give Skylar equal treatment, wouldn’t Maisy feel hurt? Skylar should care about Maisy like we do and not treat her coldly. That is, if she was obedient. 
“Now, she’s even colluding with outsiders against our family. Moreover, Maisy needs her blood but she isn’t willing to donate any. We’ll have to think of another solution.” 
Kenny was speechless for a moment. 
Harvey was pacing back and forth outside the Gardner Group while occasionally glancing toward the 
entrance. 
Just as it was lunchtime, Skylar dashed out of the building. 
###chapter148
“Skye!” Harvey called out to Skylar. 
Skylar briskly walked up to Harvey and asked, “Mom told me this morning that you were on a break for two days to study at home. Why would you suddenly come to look for me?” 
“I just miss you. Anyway, are you tired from work?” 
Harvey had been observing the Gardner Group just now. He searched online and found out that Skylar had joined Alexander’s team. 
That team was considered second to none in the industry. 
Skylar was truly remarkable. But she must’ve put in a lot of effort. 
She was so kind. Her brothers cherished her for so many years, but the Williamses bullied her in the end. 
The thought of Skylar being bullied made Harvey well up with tears. 
“I’m not tired at all. I love this job and am happy with it. Since it’s lunchtime now, I’ll take you around. Then, we can grab a meal. 
“It’s been ages since we’ve had a meal together. Just the two of us,” Skylar replied with a smile. 
Harvey couldn’t see any trace of grievance on Skylar’s face. She had always been like that. Not wanting to worry her family. 
“I’ve saved up quite a bit. Let me treat you,” said Harvey. 
“It’s my treat. I’ve earned some money recently. Treating you to a meal and a shopping spree won’t be a problem at all. Don’t worry about me.” 
There was no way Skylar would let Harvey use his pocket money. 
Harvey lowered his head, and his eyes welled up even more. Once he gets into college, he would find ways to make money in his spare time. 
When he becomes capable enough, no one would dare bully his family. 
The two then headed to the top floor of the mall and had a meal. 
Harvey loved barbecue. So, they ordered several plates of meat and ate till they were full. 
Seeing each other’s full bellies, they couldn’t help but laugh at each other. 
Guys like Harvey were always focused on their studies. During his free time, he would play basketball and do various sports. Hence, it didn’t matter to him what clothes he wore. 
“You’re so handsome, Harvey. I’ll buy you a few sets of clothes today. After your college entrance exams, I’ll buy you a new phone and laptop,” said Skylar. 
Skylar remembered that their family had always been tight on money. 
Harvey’s clothes were mostly hand–me–downs from Steven and Charles. He rarely got new clothes. 
“Skye, you should keep the money you earned. Women like to buy bags and clothes, but men don’t. I don’t need new clothes. I look the same no matter what I wear,” Harvey insisted on not spending Skylar’s 
money. 
“No, you have to wear stylish clothes to match your looks.” 
“Then just buy one outfit.” 
How could one outfit be enough? 
Ignoring Harvey’s protest, Skylar found a shop that suited his style. She walked in and picked out several outfits for him to try. 
In the end, every outfit looked great on him. They then settled on three outfits. 
When it came time to pay, Harvey insisted on buying just one of them. But Skylar refused outright. 
“You two look so sweet as a couple,” the shop assistant exclaimed. 
“He’s my brother.” 
“She’s my sister.” 
The shop assistant felt a little embarrassed. Realizing her mistake, she quickly apologized, “Sorry, my bad. 
At first glance, they seemed to be around the same age. 
Skylar was so beautiful. The shop assistant overlooked the fact that she was wearing office attire. 
She must be working nearby. 
And the guy was wearing a high school uniform. 
After looking at them for a while, they did look like siblings. 
Harvey was getting anxious. “Skye/” 
“Your birthday is coming up soon. Consider this my birthday gift to you.” Skylar then swiped her card and handed over the bags to Harvey. 
###chapter149
Harvey looked at the bags of clothes. His eyes brimmed with tears. 
His classmates had mentioned that the clothes sold in this mall were expensive. Some of them even teased him for wearing old–fashioned and worn out clothes. But that never bothered him. 
The insecure often feel unworthy. Harvey never felt ashamed of his family’s situation. He believed that what he possessed was something many people could never have. 
As for money, he didn’t have much now, but he’d earn it in the future. Money wasn’t the most important 
thing to him. 
That didn’t mean he wanted Skylar to spend on him, though. She had already been through enough. 
But in the end, she didn’t buy anything for herself. Instead, she spent a huge sum of money buying clothes 
for Harvey. 
“I’ve been restoring paintings for others and opened an Amazon store. It’s no big deal for me to buy you a few clothes with my income,” said Skylar after she saw how anxious Harvey was. 
Although he was the youngest, he never threw money down the drain. 
He hadn’t worn many new clothes. But he had never requested for one. 
On the contrary, he saw how other women dressed nicely. He would then ask Janine to buy Skylar those pretty clothes. 
“Skylar? Are you cheating on your sugar daddy to support your boy toy?” From behind came Maisy’s sharp and cutting inquiry. 
Skylar and Harvey turned around. 
By then, Maisy had already snapped several pictures of them. 
“You’re so shameless. Is he even of legal age? You’ve been so miserable lately that you don’t even spare minors now?” Maisy’s delight was evident. 
Even the stars aligned for her, allowing her to catch Skylar red–handed. 
“What nonsense are you spouting, Maisy? I swear, you’re really asking for trouble! Haven’t you bullied Skylar enough? Harvey said as he dropped the clothes. 
Before Maisy could even react, he launched a flying kick toward her. 
“Ahh! Maisy screamed in pain. 
Skylar didn’t manage to stop Harvey, nor did she intend to. 
You get what you deserve. 
“Don’t kick me, you asshole. I remember now. You’re Harvey, aren’t you? Have you gone mad? I’m your real sister. She has nothing to do with you. 
“Instead of hitting her, you hit me? Have you completely lost your mind?” Maisy was furious. 
Her ears were still ringing from the blow. 
“Real sister, my foot. You don’t even acknowledge us. Did you think we haven’t noticed how you look. down on us? Yet now you claim to be my real sister. Have you no shame?” 
With that, Harvey slapped her. 
He never dared hit women. Steven and Charles had taught him against it. But Maisy bullied Skylar and did so in front of him. So, hitting her was necessary. 
Maisy was about to blow a fuse. “I’m calling the police right now. Aren’t you supposed to be taking the college entrance exams? Let’s see how you’ll take the exam with a police record.” 
Harvey’s face changed in an instant. 
No matter how young and impulsive a youth was, they cannot hide their thoughts. Especially when faced with despicable tactics for the first time. They can be easily shocked. 
“Alright, you call the police now. I’ll call a few reporters and have them investigate your true identity.” Skylar calmly reminded. 
She had already taken out her phone and was preparing to call. 
“Skylar!” Maisy shouted. Suddenly, her face turned pale. 
Skylar smirked at her, but she was staring 
past Skylar. 
“Ms. Annie?” 
There had been a buzz about Annie in Jipsburg lately. Hence, Maisy recognized her at a glance. 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter150
Meeting Annie in real life, she exuded more elegance. 
Maisy was aware that her family background and education were no match to Annie’s. That made her feel 
somewhat inferior. 
Plus, her current disheveled state made her hesitant to look at Annie. It was too embarrassing. What’s 
more? Annie was the one who Joe liked. 
She felt a mix of admiration and jealousy toward her. 
Annie glanced at Maisy briefly before turning her gaze to Skylar. No one could detect the hidden turm 
beneath her smile. 
Annie had someone look into Skylar. She knew that Skylar grew up in the countryside and was the true daughter of the Williamses. 
However, the Williamses didn’t favor Skylar. She was also currently working under Alexander’s team and 
wasn’t Joe’s secretary. 
If she wasn’t his secretary, then they must be in the kind of relationship Annie thought 
Alexander’s team had extremely strict requirements. Not many capable individuals could get in. Skylar graduated from university less than two years ago. She wasn’t even studying in a relevant field. 
Yet she got into Alexander’s team. It’d be hard to believe Joe didn’t butt in to manipulate. 
“Ms. Sullivan, we meet again,” Annie spoke up. 
Skylar smiled and nodded, “Hello, Ms. Silver.” 
What luck was this? Meeting the person Joe cared about? Was this mall really that upscale? 
“Since we’re here, let’s grab a cup of coffee. That is if you have time, Ms. Sullivan,” said Annie. 
Skylar smiled and replied, “Maybe next time. I’m out shopping with my brother today and have to work in 
half an hour.” 
“We didn’t get to exchange WhatsApp contacts last time. Let’s add each other now. We can arrange to meet up when you’re free,” Annie said while taking out her phone! 
Skylar initially didn’t want to interact much with Annie. But now, it would seem deliberate if she didn’t agree on exchanging contact. 
After that, Annie left. 
Maisy asked, “Since when did you know Annie? How did you come to know her?” 
Annie was clearly beyond their social circle, while Maisy belonged to Joe’s circle. How could people from Annie’s circle treat Skylar so politely? It was truly baffling. 
Skylar shot Maisy a cold glance and said, “You’re too nosy.” 
212 
“Don’t you dare yell at Skylar again. I’d rather hit you till you get admitted to the hospital than take my college entrance exams!” shouted Harvey while pointing at Malsy. 
Now, he’d seen how Maisy bullied Skylar with his own eyes. 
Maisy glared at him and shouted, “Harvey! I’m your real sister!” 
“Then leave the Williamses. As long as you come back, I’ll admit you’re my sister. 
“You can’t have it both ways–enjoying the wealth of the Williamses while looking down on us. Are we some kind of puppet for you to control? You dumb bitch.” Harvey lost control and swore at her. 
Maisy’s anger hit the roof. She stomped her foot and said, “I’ll complain to your mom this instant.” 
“Fine by me.” Harvey wasn’t afraid at all. 
Their family all had their heads screwed on right, unlike the Williamses. 
Since young, Harvey was never afraid of being tattled on. 
“You can deceive the Williamses because you live under the same roof. Outside that family, do you think you can deceive anyone? 
“Harvey has always had a good temper and is very gentle. The fact that he hit you shows how despicable you are,” Skylar added sarcastically. 
Harvey nodded in agreement. “I only lose my temper in front of shameless people.” 
Maisy rarely ended up on the losing side in arguments. Usually, someone would speak up for her. And the friend che agreed to meet today hadn’t arrived. 
###chapter151
“Just you wait!” Maisy’s face was pale with anger as she stormed off. After walking for quite a distance, she called Janine. 
“Ms. Yancey, I just ran Into Skylar and Harvey. They ganged up on me, cursed at me, and hit me. My clothes are now dirty from being kicked. Even my phone screen is shattered. The part where they hit me still hurts. They’ve gone too far.” 
“Why did they hit you?” Janine coldly asked over the phone. 
Maisy was taken aback. “I’m not sure. But Skylar and Harvey badmouthed me. Then, Harvey beat me.” 
“They wouldn’t attack you for no reason. You must’ve crossed the line. Next time, don’t ever call me for something so trivial, Janine’s tone remained icy. 
Maisy was surprised, “You’re my biological mother. Why don’t you stand up for me?” 
“You don’t even call me ‘mom‘. Even if you’re my biological child, there’s no reason for me to unconditionally protect you. You’ve never accepted your biological family.” 
1..” 
The call ended abruptly. 
was 
Maisy was so mad she wanted to throw her phone away. “You’re just a country bumpkin. What right do you have to be my mom? If you were nice to me, I might have willingly called you aunt.” 
Today wasn’t her day. 
“You must be Ms. Williams. Do you have the time to sit and talk?” 
As Maisy was venting her frustration, Annie called her. Maisy turned stiffly, staring at Annie in disbelief. Did you call for me, Ms. Silver?” 
Annie smiled gracefully, “Yes, Ms. Williams.” 
“Yeah, I have the time! Maisy was over the moon. 
If her friends knew she met Annie, they’d surely be shocked and envy her. 
And if Annie could use her connections to help the Williamses through this difficult time, that’d be even better. 
Skylar took Harvey to the Lower Ground level and bought some of his favorite snacks. 
As it was almost time to work, she tialled a cab for Harvey, 
Reluctantly, the siblings bid farewell to each other. 
Just as she was about to enter the building, Caleb called her on the phone, its been two days since y 
last visited me.” 
Offering a brief apology, Skylar replied, “I’ve been really busy these past two days. I’ll come see you after work today. Is there anything you’re craving? I can pick it up on my way.” 
“My uncle bought me a bunch of stuff, so I don’t need anything. Your presence is enough.” Caleb responded, exuding an air of loneliness. 
Skylar chuckled lightly, “Alright, I’ll come over after work.” 
It seemed that hardly anyone visited Caleb ever since he was admitted to the hospital. It was mainly the 
nurses who took care of him. 
He truly seemed like a pitiful child. 
In the Martin Group conference room, John and Joe headed to the CEO’s office after signing the contract. 
“I didn’t attend Rowan’s birthday the other day. He mentioned you brought a girl named Skylar? 
“Why didn’t I see her today?” John asked as soon as he sat down. 
Joe took a sip of his coffee. “You’re into gossip now?” 
John also reached for his coffee. “It’s not that I’m nosy. There’s just an interesting coincidence. 
“You know my nephew, Caleb, right? He’s taken a liking to a girl recently. She managed to enter my dad’s 
team on her own merits, and he sees her as a potential granddaughter–in–law. 
“Interestingly, her name is also Skylar. Just like the girl you brought that day.” 
###chapter152
“I’m wondering whether or not they’re the same person,” John said. 
John only had one nephew. He didn’t want to see him get fooled by a girl before he was even 20. 
There were too many greedy girls nowadays, and Caleb was still too young. 
Joe’s expression remained calm as he said, “It should be the same person. Your nephew isn’t that old yet, right? Is he of legal age?” 
“He’s turning 19, but kids these days mature early. He had a bunch of girls chasing him in high school. 
“I think Skylar is about four or five years older than him. He said it’s a trend to find an older girl, and he’s willing to be her young hunk,” John said. 
He then asked, “Could you please tell me what your relationship with Skylar is?” 
Joe’s demeanor remained as composed as ever. “Tell your nephew not to have any ideas about her.” 
John raised an eyebrow. “Are you bedmates with her, or…” 
“Husband and wife.” Joe’s tone was casual. 
However, it was like dropping a bombshell to everyone else–a huge, huge bombshell. 
“Since when did you get married? Why don’t I know? Rowan and the others don’t seem to know, either. They all thought that both of you were in a situationship. But she’s actually your wife?” John lost his 
composure for a moment. 
Still gobsmacked by the news, he was left in a daze. 
“It’s a covert marriage. Don’t let Rowan and the others know about it,” said Joe. 
John nodded. “Okay. Once that blabbermouth finds out, the entire Jipsburg city might know. My nephew 
falls for a girl for the first time only to find out she’s yours.” 
Joe smiled and said, “He has good taste.” 
“My dad said that your wife’s impressive. She’s young but more capable than most people in the team,” John seemed to be getting the hang of referring to Skylar as Joe’s wife. 
The phrase, “your wife“, was somewhat unfamiliar to Joe. 
Joe’s expression softened slightly as he said, “She’s good in that regard.” 
John rarely heard Joe praise anyone, especially women. “You really love her?” asked John. 
If Joe didn’t love Skylar, he wouldn’t have married her. 
Their group all knew that Annie liked Joe. Now that Joe was secretly married, who knew how Annie would 
react once she found out? 
“Love? My marriage doesn’t require love. My grandmother just likes her very much.” Joe’s voice was low. 
He immediately resumed his stern demeanor. 
He married Skylar only to put Gloria’s mind at ease. Apart from that, there was no love involved. 
John suddenly understood why Joe wanted to keep his marriage a secret. It was because Gloria had arranged them together. 
But did Joe really not like Skylar? 
Although he had never met her, Rowan described Skylar before. And his description seemed to fit Joe’s ideal type. 
In the core 
Annie had already gotten a general idea from Maisy. 
Based on Maisy’s description, Skylar was selfish and willing to sacrifice her dignity for money. Currently, she was even living off someone else’s dime. 
Maisy didn’t know who that someone was, though. 
However, Annie knew. She thought of how someone like Skylar was supported by Joe and had her future. 
set for her. 
She rarely got worked up. But now, she felt a surge of discomfort. 
Enjoy Ad–Free
###chapter153
“Ms. Silver, how do you know Skylar? Do you know who her sugar daddy is?” 
Maisy’s throat felt dry as she suddenly realized she hadn’t asked the most pressing question. 
Her entire family wanted to know who Skylar’s benefactor was. Unfortunately, they still had zero clue after several days of investigating. 
Annie smiled faintly. “I’ve only met Ms. Sullivan once. I don’t know much about her.” 
Regardless of how much Annie disliked Skylar, she was clear on one thing–Joe hadn’t publicly acknowledged his relationship with Skylar. 
Even if Skylar and Joe really had sex, they could only be considered as having a fling. And this wasn’t something that Annie should disclose. 
She wouldn’t be able to explain herself if Joe found out later. 
“I suddenly remembered I have something to attend to, Ms. Williams. I’ll be on my way,” Annie picked up her bag and stood up. 
Maisy was astonished, “Where did you happen to meet her, Ms. Silver? Did she approach you?” 
Just now, no matter what Annie asked, Maisy answered everything except for Skylar’s real identity. 
She even told Annie the fact that Skylar had a boyfriend. So, why didn’t Annie answer her question when it was her turn to ask? 
Why did it feel like Annie knew who Skylar’s benefactor was? 
Otherwise, she wouldn’t be so curious about Skylar, asking tons of questions. 
Annie’s expression turned slightly cold. With a clear sense of distance, she said, “Sorry, that’s all in the past. I can’t recall where we met. It was nice chatting with you. Perhaps we’ll meet again in the future.” 
“Wait. Let’s exchange WhatsApp contacts. That will make it easier for us to chat directly whenever needed.” Maisy took out her phone and opened WhatsApp, wanting to add Annie’s contact. 
But Annie remained still and said, “Let’s save it for the next time we meet. Goodbye.” 
Even if Maisy was stupid, she could see that Annie had no intention of meeting her again. She felt extremely embarrassed. “How did Annie know Skylar?” 
Maisy remembered that Annie took the initiative to add Skylar’s WhatsApp contact. However, Skylar didn’t even seem eager to add Annie. But when it came to her, Annie refused even after she asked for her 
contact. 
Just the thought of everyone giving Skylar the special treatment made Maisy extremely uncomfortable. she clenched her teeth tightly. 
In retrospect, she realized it was inconsequential. To the Williams family, Maisy was queen. Skylar had no 
position at all. 
Caleb was lying on the hospital bed, playing with his phone. He was bored to death. 
He had surgery on his leg and would only be discharged tomorrow. But he wouldn’t be able to walk for roughly three months, let alone ride a motorcycle or engage in extreme sports. 
He glanced at the time; there was still an hour left before Skylar got off work. 
Caleb was bored out of his mind. He was even more eager for Skylar now. 
Just as he was playing a game, a phone call came in. 
“Uncle John.” 
“Caleb, I heard from the old fart that you like Skylar. She is working with the old fart, right?” John asked. 
Caleb rolled his eyes. “Why does Grandpa feel the need to broadcast every detail to the world? Uncle John, if you’re so keen on managing kids, maybe you should start a family of your own; don’t meddle in my affairs. Grandpa has agreed to this matter. Skylar is really likable.” 
“You can’t have her. Just forget about her. While there isn’t much emotional attachment yet, just find someone else to like,” said John. 
“Why 
can’t I? Did Grandpa tell you that she’s a few years older than me? So what? I look more mature than her anyway. People would think I’m older than her by a few years just by looks. Just leave me alone, Uncle 
John. 
“Nowadays, it’s all about free love, you know? I’m not interested in a transactional marriage.” Caleb completely disregarded John’s advice. 
###chapter154
John felt a slight headache coming on. “She’s off–limits. There are some things I can’t tell you. You’d better get rid of those feelings before it’s too late. I’ll talk to the old fart and put an end to his matchmaking attempts. 
“Uncle John, you’re going too far. I like Skylar. After all these years, she’s the only one I’ve ever liked. What do you mean she’s off–limits?” 
John’s warning fell on deaf ears. A young person’s thoughts were focused solely on pursuing what they liked, regardless of whether it was appropriate. 
“You can ask Skylar, ask if she can marry you or if she even likes you,” John said in a deep voice. 
Caleb paused, narrowing his eyes. “Uncle John, don’t tell me that you like Skylar too? Didn’t you just get engaged? Aren’t you afraid I’ll tell Melody?” 
The Gardners held different values. Unlike others, they wouldn’t consider adultery or polygamy. Such practices were strictly forbidden in their family. If John harbored feelings for Skylar, Caleb would confront 
him. 
John, rendered speechless, could only mutter, “Nonsense.” 
“Then give me a solid reason to give up,” Caleb demanded. 
John’s reply was cold. “It’s simply not possible.” 
Caleb frowned. 
John continued, “Just ask her, and you’ll get your answer.” 
Then, John hung up the phone. 
Caleb stared at his phone, deep in thought. John wouldn’t call without a reason. 
Back in high school, when rumors of Caleb’s puppy love spread, John didn’t interfere. Now that Caleb was an adult, it made no sense for John to meddle–especially since even Alexander approved. 
John must know something about Skylar. But what? Could it be related to the online uproar from before? 
It had to bel 
Skylar was to the hospital after work when she received a call from Gloria. 
about to drive 
Skylar was told to return to Pearlhall Residence that night with Joe. Glancing at the time, she saw there was still some time to visit Caleb at the hospital. 
On the way, Joe called her. “Are you off work yet?” 
“Yeah, I just got off.” 
27 
“Meet me at Phoenix Mall. It’s Grandma’s birthday today. Let’s pick a gift together and head to Pearthall 
Residence.” 
Skylar was alarmed. “Grandma’s birthday?” 
She had been so busy lately that she had completely forgotten Gloria’s birthday. 
“I’m heading to Phoenix Mall right away.” 
As she turned the car around, she immediately sent a WhatsApp message to Caleb. 
“Caleb, I won’t be able to make it to the hospital. I just learned it’s Grandma’s birthday today, so I’m going to celebrate. I’ll visit you tomorrow. Sorry about this.” 
Caleb had been absent–mindedly playing games, occasionally checking the time. 
He was calculating the travel time from Gardner Group to the hospital, knowing Skylar should be arriving soon. But suddenly, he saw Skylar’s WhatsApp message, saying she couldn’t come. 
Disappointment washed over him as he looked at the phone. It was the first time he felt his expectations 
dashed. 
He had even planned to ask Skylar in person if she wanted to be together with him. Now, he would have 
to wait until tomorrow. 
As soon as Skylar arrived at Phoenix Mall, Joe did too. He whisked her straight to the top floor, where various exclusive jewelry awaited, far beyond what could be found on the lower levels. 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
###chapter155
“Grandma usually prefers jewelry over wellness products for her birthday. She likes all kinds of jewelry. Go ahead and pick something out,” Joe said to Skylar. 
“Okay, I’ll have a look.” Skylar nodded. 
She had some knowledge of jewelry and was keenly aware of the difference between genuine and fake pieces. She knew Joe had brought her somewhere expensive. 
Skylar thought about the millions she earned from her recent gamble. Surely, it would be enough. 
After browsing for a while, Skylar set her eyes on a necklace. It was an emerald gemstone necklace. Gloria probably had many gemstone necklaces, but Skylar was drawn to its design. The simple design symbolized eternity. 
She checked the price–400,000 dollars. Thankfully, it wouldn’t max out her card. 
“I’ll take this one,” Skylar said to Joe, picking up the necklace. 
Joe had been following Skylar closely, watching her carefully select the gift. There was an undeniable beauty in her attentiveness, a quality she might not have even noticed herself. 
Joe had no ions. “Okay.” 
Skylar had a good eye. It was a design Gloria would like. 
Skylar handed her card to the sales assistant. 
“We’re gifting this to Grandma together. I’ll pay,” Joe intervened, giving the sales assistant a look. 
The sales assistant recognized Joe and immediately accepted his black card. Skylar didn’t even have the 
chance to . 
“Let’s split the cost. Give me your bank number.” Skylar opened her banking app on the phone and intended to transfer her share. 
Joe noticed her insistence on splitting the payment. He furrowed his brow slightly and said, “No need.” 
Seeing Joe’s annoyance, Skylar didn’t insist any further. However, as they were leaving the mall, Skylar entered another store and bought a set of women’s clothing for Gloria. 
Gloria had always maintained a good figure, so choosing the size was easy. 
Joe slightly pursed his lips upon seeing Skylar buy the clothes. 
“Just now, when we were heading upstairs, I saw this outfit and thought it would look good on Grandma,” Skylar explained. 
Joe chuckled at the mention of “look good“. 
He quipped, “You’re just trying not to take advantage of me, aren’t you?” 
“No, that’s not it. You put thought into your gift; I want to do the same. I genuinely want to show respect to Grandma.” 
Why else would she have married him? 
Skylar kept that sentence to herself. 
“You care about Grandma more than me,” Joe remarked. However, he felt slightly uncomfortable after saying it, realizing his words could be easily misunderstood. 
Skylar was momentarily surprised but quickly composed herself. “We’re married because of Grandma, 
aren’t we?” 
If it weren’t for Gloria, Joe wouldn’t have abandoned his true love to marry Skylar, right? 
Joe raised an eyebrow but didn’t say anything. When they reached the parking lot, Paul appeared. 
“You can hand me your car keys, Ms. Sullivan. I’ll drive it back to Galaxy Villa,” said Paul. 
Joe added, “Let’s take the same car to Pearlhall Residence. 
Skylar had no ions. They had already agreed to act like a loving couple in front of Gloria. She then gave her car keys to Paul and said, “Sorry to trouble you, Paul.” 
“Don’t mention it, Ms.Sullivan. It’s no trouble at all.” Paul took the keys and drove Skylar’s car away. 
Meanwhile, Skylar and Joe got into Joe’s car. The driver drove smoothly. However, there was heavy traffic due to the rush hour. 
Joe had his laptop on his lap, attending to work matters. 
Skylar opened Amazon on her phone. There were more customers today. She meticulously distinguished genuine products from fakes for them. She received a WhatsApp message from Annie as she carefully inspected the images. 
###chapter156
Skylar suddenly remembered adding Annie’s contact information to WhatsApp. 
Before checking the message, she glanced at Joe. She still hadn’t figured out what was going on between Joe and Annie. Joe’s thoughts were deeply hidden; neither she nor anyone else could guess his intentions. 
Annie was obviously interested in Joe. The way Rowan and a few others acted that night suggested that their relationship wasn’t superficial. 
“Is something wrong?” Joe asked, turning to look at her. His eyes were cold and inscrutable, easily instilling fear in one’s heart. 
Skylar immediately shook her head. 
Joe reached up to massage his temple. Work frustration must have seeped into his demeanor; he must 
have startled her. 
“If there’s anything, you can ask me directly. We’re a married couple now.” Joe said. 
A fake married couple under contract, Skylar added silently. 
“There’s nothing right now. If there is, I’ll be sure to ask you.” 
Joe hummed in acknowledgement and returned to his work. 
Skylar opened her WhatsApp and read Annie’s message. “Ms. Sullivan, will you be available this Saturday? There are some things I’d like to discuss with you in person 
Wasn’t Saturday tomorrow? She had to return home to see Janine tomorrow. After that, she would be visiting Charles at his workplace. There wasn’t much time left after that. 
“Unfortunately, I’m booked tomorrow, but I’m free the day after,” Skylar replied. 
Annie responded a few minutes later. “Alright, then let’s meet at Mountain Mist Restaurant the day after 
tomorrow at noon.” 
“Sure, see you then,” Skylar replied. 
After navigating through the congested sections of the road, they arrived at Pearlhall Residence smoothly. Joe and Skylar got out of the car and held hands, their fingers interlocked. Skylar’s fingers felt a little stiff; the intimacy of interlocking their fingers was still unfamiliar to her. 
Edgar saw them holding hands and couldn’t help but smile. “Mrs. Martin Senior is waiting for you inside. Mr. and Mrs. Martin, the more I see you two together, the more I’m convinced you’re a perfect match.” 
When they exited the car just now, it looked like a scene straight out of a movie. 
There was a saying–how did it go? A match made in heaven! 
If either of them were replaced, it wouldn’t achieve this effect. 
Skylar’s smile froze at the mention of compatibility. 
Joe responded smoothly, “When has Grandma ever made a mistake in her judgment?” 
“Yes, yes.” Edgar frantically nodded. Anyone Gloria chose as her granddaughter–in–law must be the most compatible with Joe. 
The last time they visited, their relationship hadn’t seemed this intimate. Although it hadn’t been long. since then, they were now holding hands as soon as they got out of the car. It was as if they couldn’t bear to be apart even for a moment. 
When Gloria saw that, she couldn’t contain her smile. “Oh, my, come quick. Both of you, come over here and see this spread of a feast. I even made some of them myself.” 
Gloria had always said that Skylar was Joe’s ideal type. Joe had initially been stubborn about it but look at 
him now. 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading 
###chapter157
Now, Joe was head over heels for Skylar. 
“Did you cook these yourself, Grandma?” Skylar asked immediately. 
Given Gloria’s health condition, she needed to rest and avoid physical exertion. It would be better for her to go for walks occasionally and connect with nature. 
Seeing Skylar’s concern, Gloria smiled and said, “Yes, I’m feeling good today and wanted to make something. Don’t worry. I’m much better these days. Having you both here for my birthday makes me incredibly happy.” 
“This is our birthday gift for you, Grandma,” Joe said, placing the necklace down. “Skylar picked it out.” 
Gloria wasn’t interested initially. Joe always picked the expensive ones but didn’t put much thought into the design or what women liked. 
However, upon learning Skylar chose it, Gloria immediately loved it. She couldn’t take her eyes off the 
necklace. 
Gloria exclaimed, “It’s so pretty! This is the prettiest necklace I’ve ever received. Quick, help me put it on.” 
“I’m glad that you like it, Grandma. Skylar helped Gloria put on the necklace. 
Gloria held it close and looked in the mirror. “How beautiful. Skye, you have such a good taste. It’s 
beautiful on its own but even better on me.” 
“I also bought you some clothes, Grandma. Once Edgar washes them, you can try them on and see if they fit,” Skylar said. 
Gloria was deeply touched. “That’s very thoughtful of you, Skye. I haven’t been feeling well and haven’t had the energy to go shopping. I’m tired of my old clothes at home.” 
“I’ll take you shopping once you’re feeling better.” Skylar immediately comforted Gloria. 
“Alright. I really do love having you around. The food’s getting cold, and you must be hungry. Let’s dig in.” 
Gloria sat down, bearing 
The elderly didn’t usually fancy cakes. So, there was no cake prepared for Gloria’s birthday every year. Plus, she didn’t like it when there were too many people. She only liked having her close ones celebrating 
her birthday. 
It was a peaceful and heartwarming birthday celebration. 
After the meal, Gloria was eager to try on the clothes Skylar had bought for her. 
*Joe, look at these. Skye bought me such beautiful clothes. They make me look so elegant. I even look ten years younger in them.” 
Joe’s eyes lit up. Gloria truly did look like her younger self from a decade ago. His expression softened, warmth radiating from him as he nodded. “You really do have a good taste, Skylar,” he said. 
Skylar blushed under Gloria and Joe’s praise. She noticed Joe looking at her and didn’t know what to say. So, she looked at Gloria and said, “The designer of this brand is really good.” 
“It’s because you have a good eye,” Joe said. 
All these years, he had never seen Gloria so happy. It seemed that Gloria had shed some of her burdens ever since Skylar came into their lives. She became more carefree and relaxed, and her smile was always genuine from the heart. 
Unwittingly, a realization struck Joe. The more time he spent with Skylar, the more he saw her incredible qualities. However, it was a shame that he couldn’t give her his love; if she didn’t need love, maybe they could spend their lives together. 
Then, Skylar and Gloria watched a variety show together. It was a love–themed show, and they seemed to enjoy it immensely. 
Edgar had prepared food and snacks. But it was mainly Skylar who ate. Gloria couldn’t eat much after a meal–watching a variety show was more of a means to digest the food. 
Joe, who usually retreated to his upstairs study, remained surprisingly glued to the couch. He watched Gloria and Skylar guess the romantic entanglements of the participants. 
When Skylar was with Gloria, she seemed so relaxed. Her smile was genuine and childlike. The house was filled with her laughter. 
She was 
far more casual and adorable now compared to when she was alone with Joe. 
Joe narrowed his eyes, exuding a restrained and aloof demeanor. 
Skylar inadvertently caught his gaze
###chapter158
Gloria noticed Skylar and Joe exchanging glances. 
When Gloria realized how late it was, she urged them, “It’s getting late. You two should go upstairs and get some rest. I’m feeling tired myself.” 
When she tried on clothes earlier, Edgar mentioned how the two seemed to have developed feelings for 
each other. Gloria had some doubts at first. But seeing how Joe looked at Skylar, there was something 
unusual about it. 
Gloria noticed traces of affection. 
Sharing a bed at their age was bound to create a certain intimacy. Would their connection remain truly 
platonic? 
This was the time for desires to heighten, and it would seem a waste if nothing happened after spending 
the night together. 
After Skylar and Joe went upstairs, Skylar took a shower first, as usual. When she finished, Joe went in for 
his turn. 
It was awkward for them to share the same bed. 
Skylar checked her Amazon store after lying down like she usually would her nightly routine. Orders had been pouring these past two days, likely due to positive word–of–mouth. 
Her store was making thousands of dollars in just a day. 
She could consider making a down payment for a house soon. Then, Janine and her brothers could move 
1. in. 
Skylar thought of how they could live under a roof as a family in the future–having meals together and waiting for her brothers to start their own families. 
Thinking about these made her feel happy. 
Joe emerged from the bathroom and saw Skylar smiling brightly. He wondered what had made her so happy 
“Feeling happy?” Joe asked. 
Skylar nodded happily and showed him her phone screen. “This is my online store. It’s been making me 
thousands of dollars recently.” 
After a while, she could sell some of the genuine antiques she bought. This could prevent many antique 
lovers from being cheated. 
“That’s great. Congratulations.” 
He seemed to be influenced by Skylar’s happiness. In his loungewear and after showering, he appeared less stern and more pure. 
Skylar was also more relaxed and said, “You’ve been busy these days, and I haven’t had the chance to treat you to a meal. When you have time, let me know two hours in advance. I’ll prepare a sumptuous. 
dinner for you at home.” 
She almost forgot about it until she thought of paying the down payment for a house, which led her to the memory of depositing millions of dollars in the bank a few days ago. 
“Tomorrow night then,” Joe said as he lay down. 
“Tomorrow I’m going to my mom’s place. We’ve planned to have dinner together at a hotel. I’m really sorry. How about the night after tomorrow?” Skylar asked. 
Joe had no ions. “Sure. You rarely talk about your family. Do you mind telling me about them? * 
Joe suddenly wanted to know more about Skylar–not about how she was bullied in the Williams family but about her upbringing with Janine and her family. 
“I have two older brothers. Steven is my big brother, and Charles is my second brother. There’s also my younger brother, Harvey. He is preparing for the college entrance examination. 
“They’re the best family anyone could ask for. My mom never resorted to physical punishment, even when I was a naughty child. 
“My brothers absolutely doted on me. We may not have had a father figure, but love was never lacking. My eldest brother has always been fiercely protective… 
Perhaps it was due to the serene ambience that Skylar slowly began talking about herself. 
Her heart felt truly calm discussing her family, which, truth be told, was quite ordinary. 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>>> 
###chapter159
Many experienced such warmth in a family. Although Skylar’s family was far from wealthy, they never lacked the good things in life. 
Joe was increasingly interested as he listened to Skylar’s story. “You enjoyed fighting when you were young?” 
Skylar’s face flushed with embarrassment. “You’ve seen me fight on several occasions, but those were exceptional circumstances. Kenny and Maisy provoked me first. 
“I used to hope to become a part of their family. So, I would endure and strive for peace. But now, they are worthless in my eyes. If I don’t take action and teach them a lesson, they’ll only become more audacious.” 
She would’ve done far worse if it weren’t for the law. Her experience from her past life made her resent the Williams family with every fiber of her being. 
Joe certainly noticed how much she hated the Williamses. He smiled in amusement and said, “They’re indeed asking for trouble bullying you. They’d be bankrupt in no time. Is that what 
you want?” 
“Of course that’s what I want,” Skylar admitted, her voice devoid of pretense. She would never forgive the 
Williamses. 
Skylar made her intentions clear on the day they got married. She wanted Joe to cease all cooperation with the Williams family and withdraw any assistance previously provided. She was
waiting for their downfall, for them to savor the taste of hell. 
Joe faintly smiled. “Alright.” 
Skylar found herself surprised by Joe’s talkativeness that night. She wondered if he was considering terminating the agreement early. Was that why he offered the goodwill in advance, so there wouldn’t be any lingering worries upon divorce? 
“Mr. Martin, I’d like to discuss something with you,” said Skylar. 
The use of “Mr. Martin” caused a crease to form on Joe’s brow. “Alright, go ahead.” 
“I haven’t told my family about our covert marriage. My big brother sensed something was up when I last met him, so I had to tell him I was married. 
“He’s always been eager to meet my husband, and I know you can’t meet him, so I plan to find someone 
online to act as a stand–in,” Skylar explained. 
With the advanced Internet, she could easily hire someone to play the part. Steven wouldn’t suspect anything as long as she found someone with good acting skills. 
Joe’s frown deepened. 
Skylar couldn’t quite figure out what he was thinking at that moment. 
“If he wants to meet me, you can arrange a time. Our marriage just has to be kept secret from the media,” 
Chera 150 
Joe sald in his deep voice. 
Skylar was surprised. “Really?” 
Yeah.” 
Skylar never expected things to go so smoothly. Joe was exceptionally easy to talk to today. 
“Do you need me to help massage your head?” Skylar asked. 
Joe had initially intended to ask Skylar for a massage, but he’d refused her offer last time. She’d reject for sure if he asked her now. He felt joyful when she made the offer. “Sure, thank you.” 
Skylar took the extra pillow nearby and placed it on her lap. “Lie down here.” 
Joe glanced at Skylar, then at the pillow on her lap. There seemed to be some emotion budding. 
Joe fell asleep under Skylar’s gentle massage. When he woke up, it was already 6:00 am the following day. 
He had a dreamless sleep. 
Joe felt a slight sense of confusion when he opened his eyes. It was as if he had just woken up from a 
dream. 
His gaze fell on Skylar, who was still sleeping peacefully, she had a smile on her face. 
###chapter160
Joe suddenly found himself enjoying this moment. He could sleep soundly the whole night and wake up next to someone he felt safe with. 
He decided to find a time to talk to Skylar. He could truly see her as his wife if she could accept a simple 
life without the elusive notion of romance, 
After Skylar woke up, she had breakfast with Gloria. Then, she suddenly recalled her promise to visit Caleb at the hospital. 
She called him, apologized, and promised to visit him tomorrow. Nonetheless, she could sense his disappointment. 
Hence, she decided to make amends by gifting him something on her visit tomorrow. After hanging up, 
she hurried to Janine’s house. 
On the way, she stopped by the supermarket and bought a bunch of things. Janine was already waiting: 
meanwhile, Harvey was studying. 
As Skylar stepped into the house, Janine said, “You bought too many clothes for Harvey yesterday. He’s 
still growing, and those clothes might not fit him for long. 
“Plus, I saw the price. They are too expensive. You’ve just started working. Spend it on things you like.” 
Harvey had been lectured all morning. Janine was displeased. Harvey regretted telling Janine. 
“Mom, I’ve made quite a bit of money now. A few clothes won’t hurt. Besides, Harvey looks handsome in them. So, it’s worth the money,” Skylar persuaded. 
“I’m worried you’re not treating yourself well.” Janine understood Skylar the best. She had always shouldered burdens silently, never complaining because she didn’t want them to worry. 
This money wasn’t easy for Skylar to earn. 
“Skye, let’s return them,” Harvey said, feeling he didn’t need to dress well. 
Skylar turned to Harvey and said, “Since we’ve bought them, just wear them.” Then she turned to Janine and continued, “Mom, I didn’t mistreat myself. Look at what I bought.” 
“I’ll cook a few of my signature dishes for the both of you. Skye, take some of the food with you when you visit Charles. Charles has been so busy lately. He even complained about missing home– cooked meals.” 
“Okay, Mom,” Skylar replied. 
If it weren’t for Harvey having to catch up on homework, she would have brought him along for a visit. 
Charles had recently joined a new film crew, landing the role of the male fourth lead. It was his first time, and he cherished the opportunity. He was incredibly hardworking. Who knew? He might become the main lead someday. In Skylar’s opinion, his acting skills were far superior to Samuel’s 
Skylar also bought some designer clothes and shoes for Charles, intending to surprise him during the visit. 
After lunch, Skylar carried Janine’s lunchbox and hurried toward Charles‘ film crew. Their film crew’s location today happened to be at Willowbrook Manor. 
Their crew’s guide or investor seemed to have some connections with George. 
Since Skylar was familiar with the route, it took her about 50 minutes to arrive. Upon arrival, she called Charles, who asked her to wait ten minutes. 
Heb 
had just finished shooting his scenes and only had night scenes left, so he had some time to stroll with her nearby. After waiting a few minutes, one of the security guards recognized her. 
The security guard approached and asked, “Are you Ms. Sullivan?” 
“Yes, I am.” 
The security guard immediately replied, “I thought you looked familiar. Are you trying to get into the mansion? Mr. Querbach said you’re welcome to visit anytime. So, Ms. Sullivan, you can just drive right in.” 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
###chapter161
Whenever George personally gave instructions, the security guards had to remember. No unauthorized personnel were allowed on the grounds. But Skylar was different. 
Skylar smiled and shook her head. “I’m just waiting for my brother. He’s filming inside today.” 
“Your brother? Who is he? Let me tell the butler. The film crew will be staying here tonight. We can arrange a better room for your brother, Ms. Sullivan. 
“This way, he doesn’t have to share a small room with the others,” the security guard said, already sending a WhatsApp message to the butler. 
The butler replied almost instantly. “I have a list of crew members. There’s a gentleman named Charles Sullivan, who must be Ms. Sullivan’s brother. I’ll arrange it immediately.” 
Skylar was amazed by the security guard’s efficiency. She didn’t even have a chance to reject. Well, she could prepare some antiques as a gift for George in return for his hospitality. 
“Thank you.” 
“My pleasure, Ms. Sullivan, It’s our job,” the security guard replied with a smile. 
She waited for about two minutes more before she saw Charles running out. 
“Skye.” 
“Charles, over here.” 
Charles ran up to Skylar. “I have the whole afternoon for you. Come on. You haven’t been here before, right? I used to film nearby, and there’s a lake not far away. The water is clear and beautiful.
Let me take you there.” 
“Ms. Sullivan, you can’t drive on the road toward the lake. Do you want me to take you both there on a motorcycle?” the security guard asked enthusiastically. 
Charles couldn’t help but be a little surprised. Skylar had a remarkable ability to connect with people. It had only been a few minutes, and the security guard was already bending over backward to help her. 
He recalled the crew’s arrival. The guard had been a stern figure then, peppering them with demands. Even the assistant director had treated the mansion’s staff with deference. 
Skylar politely turned down the security guard’s offer. “No thanks. We’ll take our time to walk there.” 
“Alright. If you need anything, just call us. There are security guards patrolling by the lake, and we are with them,” the security guard said. 
As Skylar and Charles strolled away, Charles leaned in conspiratorially. “If he wasn’t old enough to be your father, I might suspect he had ulterior motives. He’s too attentive to you.” 
“Grandma brought me here a while back to help Mr. Querbach with some antiques. So, a lot of the staff recognize me,” Skylar explained. 
HE 
% 
Charles was indeed an actor. Having seen many films, he had a wild imagination. 
Charles Immediately understood. “I see. Come on, let’s go. It only takes roughly ten minutes to walk there. 
“Once this film’s finalized, I’ll buy you a bag. There were many women in the crew who owned that specific brand. 
“I even took a picture of it. I’ll buy one for you when the time comes.” Charles thought Skylar would look even better with that bag. 
“Thanks, Charles.” Skylar didn’t refuse and continued, “We siblings are so telepathic. I’ve also prepared a gift for you. It’s in my car.” 
“It’s different now that you’re working and making money. Now, I have a sister who’d buy gifts for me,” 
said Charles. 
Two figures emerged from the mansion as Skylar and Charles walked further away. They were Kenny and Samuel. Many things were happening at home, so Kenny wanted to talk to Samuel personally. 
Seeing Skylar and Charles laughing and chatting together, their expressions changed. 
“Did she forget who her real brother is? She came to see Charles and didn’t even think of seeing me?” Samuel muttered, a strange disquiet settling in his stomach. 
###chapter162
Seeing Skylar and Charles having fun together, it was like Charles was her real brother. 
That made Samuel fume with anger. 
“Let’s go take a look,” Kenny said, walking toward Skylar’s direction. 
Samuel scowled. “What’s the point? We’ll just get the cold shoulder anyway.” 
“Stop talking so much. Let’s just go.” 
“Fine.” 
Reaching the lake, Charles and Skylar found a handful of groups enjoying camping trips. The vast expanse of azure blue water shimmered invitingly. 
“We could bring the whole family here to camp sometime. Look over there. Having the entire family gathered together seemed so cozy. 
“Does it remind you of our childhood? The time when I took you swimming? After Mom found out, I got taught a lesson.” 
Skylar finally remembered. “Mom used the broom to hit you, right? The broom she sweeps the yard with? 
She even broke the broom hitting you.” 
“I don’t blame her. That summer, two or three kids around our age drowned in that river. Mom was just 
worried something might happen to us.” Charles just thought about it and realized they lacked safety 
awareness as kids. 
Skylar picked up a stone, and she sent it skipping across the surface with a flick of her wrist. It bounced five or six times before disappearing beneath the water. 
Charles‘ eyes lit up with a competitive spirit. “Skylar, you’re so good at this! Did you practice in secret?” 
Charles also took a handful of stones and threw them one by one into the lake. 
“I’m just naturally talented,” Skylar replied. 
Growing up with only brothers, Skylar thrived on rough–and–tumble games. Stone skipping was a 
childhood favorite; the three siblings–Skylar, Charles, and Harvey could play stone skipping for a long 
time. 
“Watch and learn, little sis; I’ll show you that the master is always better than the disciple.” Charles picked 
up a stone he was satisfied with and threw it. 
The stone skipped ten times, 
Skylar gave him a thumbs–up. “Impressive, but Harvey won’t be easily convinced.” 
“Ha! Harvey learned everything from me. There’s no way he can surpass the master. Charles was quite 
confident. 
Skylar didn’t want to burst Charles‘ bubble. She and Harvey used to practice secretly when they were kids. They had long surpassed his level. She had held back her strength just now. 
“How childish!” A cold sneer disrupted the siblings‘ fun. 
“Everywhere I turn, there you are.” Charles frowned at Samuel. His expression was unfriendly as he asked, “Can’t the Williams family keep their attack dogs on a leash? This isn’t the jungle, we have laws here.” 
*Manners make the master. Don’t expect too much Skylar stifled a giggle; Charles was really good at being sarcastic. 
Samuel erupted. “Charles, you’ve got some nerve! How dare you talk to me like that? Believe it or not, I’ll have a word with the director and your role as the male fourth lead will vanish faster than smoke. 
“You want to make a name for yourself in the entertainment industry, right? I’ll make sure you don’t have the chance!” 
100 
Charles‘ jaw clenched, anger flashing in his eyes. “You’re vicious and shameless! You’re lucky to have your family backing you up. But your arrogance won’t last you forever, Samuel! 
“With your lousy acting skills, do you really think you can make it in the entertainment industry? What goes around comes around.” 
“That’s enough! Stop it!” Kenny coldly reprimanded. He hadn’t come here to escalate tensions. He came only to have a civil conversation with Skylar. 
“Skye, do you know who’s targeting our family? Do you really have a powerful benefactor?” Kenny tried to keep his tone gentle. 
Their family couldn’t afford to have problems. If they did, Kenny’s position at the company would be jeopardized. He’d already tried suppressing Steven once, and the company turned a blind eye. 
But things had changed; the company valued Steven more and even acknowledged his research. They were about to reward Steven with another bonus. 
A few hundred thousand dollars in bonus wasn’t a big deal to him; however, the public recognition stung 
Kenny’s pride. 
“Think before you speak!” Charles spat as he raised his fist, ready to strike. 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading 
###chapter163
Steven was right. The Williams family was a terrible bunch; their words always left Skylar feeling battered. 
and bruised. 
Charles had only heard about this before, but now, he witnessed it firsthand. 
Skylar said lightly. “They’re all insane.” 
“They’re seriously messed up,” Charles fumed. 
“Skylar, I’ll say it one last time. You will no longer be considered my sister if you can’t answer my question. “Samuel acted as if he had found Skylar’s weak spot. 
Kenny frowned. “Samuel, things are different now.” 
Kenny could see that Skylar didn’t care about their family at all, and it pained him. A few months ago, Skylar still cared about him. 
“How are 
are things different? She’s found herself some sugar daddy and gone off the deep end. That’s why she doesn’t care about us anymore, isn’t it?” Samuel thought he’d figured everything out. Just like Maisy said, Skylar was cheap. 
Skylar felt a rising wave of nausea as Kenny and Samuel spouted their accusations. 
“Security!” she called out to two passing guards. “These two lunatics are harassing everyone! Please get 
them out of here.” 
The two guards immediately approached to subdue Kenny and Samuel. “Lunatics?” 
“Yes, lunatics! Take them to the police station, Some mental asylum must be missing them. My sister is really intimidated. She’ll be traumatized for weeks!” Charles chimed in, exaggerating for effect. 
Kenny and Samuel were hot under the collar. “Y–You!” 
“We’re not lunatics! We know them! That girl is my sister!” Samuel roared at the security guard who had 
pinned him to the ground. 
Kenny also saw red. “Don’t listen to their nonsense! She’s my sister!” 
“This is the latest scam. Even if they aren’t lunatics, they could be human traffickers. My sister’s beautiful. 
They might snatch her and take her to some godforsaken corner of South East Otania!” Charles‘ voice trembled with manufactured horror; his acting truly was top–notch. 
Skylar immediately hid behind Charles, her voice quivering, “Charles, I’m so scared!” 
With such a convincing act, any confusion vanished. Fueled by a desire for justice, the security guards puffed out their chests. “Don’t fret, miss. The law will handle them!” 
“Law? Fuck you!” Samuel spat. 
Kenny couldn’t say anything as his face was pressed into the ground. 
“Didn’t you hear what we said? She’s our sister! Human trafficking? Don’t be ridiculous!” Samuel struggled desperately but couldn’t break free. 
The security guards there were mostly ex–soldiers. Kenny and Samuel were no match for them. 
One of the security guards gave Skylar an “okay” gesture. With them on the watch, these villains didn’t stand a chance to harm anyone. 
Kenny and Samuel were beside themselves with rage. They watched helplessly as Skylar and Charles walked away. Then, they were taken to the nearby police station. 
After all that commotion, it was already dark. 
Samuel returned to the mansion looking l
###chapter164
At that moment, Skylar gave Joe a call. 
“Mr. Martin,” she began, “as long as we’re married, I’m happy to give you a daily head massage to improve your sleep. But I need a favor in return.” 
She knew the massages had a significant impact on his sleep quality. 
“What favor? Shoot,” Joe replied, accepting his coffee from Paul. 
He was playing golf with his friends today. It was break time when she called him. contact, so this came as quite a shock to him. 
I rarely i 
In fact, Joe had been contemplating how to ask her for daily massages. Her call, mentioning the massages herself, saved him the trouble. 
“Charles is currently shooting a film, and Samuel is also on it. We had a conflict today. Given Samuel’s despicable nature, he’d definitely…” 
Joe grasped the situation immediately. “Alright, I’ll handle it.” 
“Thank you.” 
After ending the call, Joe issued instructions to Paul. Paul then went to a secluded area and made two phone calls 
Meanwhile, Joe’s gaze drifted toward Jeremy, who was teaching Annabelle how to play golf not far away. 
“Mr. Hughes and his secretary seem to have a rather ‘special‘ relationship, Paul remarked quietly after. returning from making the calls, glancing in their direction. 
Annabelle stamped her foot coquettishly. “Mr, Hughes, I’m so clumsy.” 
Jeremy held onto Annabelle’s hand. They were really close. His eyes showed tenderness when he said, ” Try again a few times. I’ll teach you until you get it.” 
“With you as my instructor, Mr. Hughes, I’ll work hard to learn even if I’m slow. I wouldn’t want to disappoint you.” Annabelle took a deep breath and puffed out her cheeks, making her look cuter. 
Annabelle was not only adorable; her figure was also undeniably sexy. 
A flicker of curiosity crossed Paul’s mind. Didn’t Jeremy dote on his childhood sweetheart–his wife? Why was his relationship with his secretary becoming ambiguous? 
Looking at the other CEOs nearby, it seemed like they were accustomed to it. They probably knew about Jeremy and Annabelle’s relationship earlier on. 
Joe only glanced for a moment before retracting his gaze. He looked at the WhatsApp message Skylar sent. It was a thank you emoji and a message saying she would add two more dishes to his dinner tomorrow. A warmth spread through him as he contemplated the upcoming feast. 
Meanwhile, the assistant director accepted 20,000 dollars from Samuel. 
Samuel went to change his clothes. 
He stared at the villa across from him with a sense of unease. He was the male lead, yet he had to live in the same apartment shared with other crew members. 
The building, though not dirty, was clearly intended for temporary staff who cleaned up the villa. While the rooms were well–equipped, they certainly weren’t on par with a five–star hotel. 
Several villas stood across from him, but he heard that they were reserved for high–profile guests. They were strictly off–limits to most people. 
He was the male lead, yet he couldn’t even stay in the villa. However, the director managed to stay there. 
After stewing for a while, he donned his costume and headed out for his next scene. Charles didn’t have many scenes. As the fourth male lead, his role was relatively minor. 
###chapter165
But Samuel would never give Charles a chance to climb up. He wanted to show Samuel and Skylar that the Williams family had absolute authority in Jipsburg. They were merely peasants from the countryside who had come to the city. [1 
Challenging the Williams family head–on? It’d be like bringing a knife to a gunfight. 
As he exited the building and headed to the set, the assistant director called him. Samuel smirked, thinking it had been settled. “Have you gotten rid of Charles?” 
“Cut the crap and answer straight. Does Charles have someone backing him? Is he merely playing the role of an extra just to experience life? What’s his background? Are you deliberately making things difficult for me because you don’t like me? 
“Samuel, you think you can outsmart me in the entertainment industry just because you’ve had a few lead roles?” The assistant director blew a fuse. 
Samuel was bewildered. “What?” 
“Fuck you, Samuel!” The assistant director stormed over to punch Samuel. “I’ve been in this industry longer than you. I’m tired of your tricks! 
“Are you trying to replace me with your own people? Let me tell you, the director is a family member of mine. He won’t let you succeed.” 
“I have no grudge against you. Why would I target you? The one who I have a grudge against is Charles!” Samuel was hitting the roof. He was lucky to have dodged the punch. If it had landed on his face, he would have to hide from the public. 
The assistant director finally calmed down. “You don’t know?” 
“What?” Samuel scowled. 
“I suggested to the director to replace Charles, saying that he might be a risky actor. But the director scolded me. He’s thinking of giving Charles more scenes now. 
“He warned me to steer clear of any trouble with Charles. If anything happens to Charles, he’ll be out. I asked again, but he refused to say anything. 
“Charles must have someone backing him. So, tell me the truth. Do you know who’s backing him?” the assistant director asked. 
“What background could he, a country bumpkin, possibly have? Could the director have been fooled by him?” Samuel was still puzzled. 
“You think the director is so easily fooled?” 
The assistant director considered buttering up Charles, hoping to ride his coattails if he rose to stardom. Luckily, the director had stopped him from making a mistake. 
“I’ve transferred back the 20,000 dollars to you,” the assistant director said, then stormed off. 
Chapfee 165 
Samuel was left with a bunch of questions that night. Then, a realization struck him like a bolt of lightning. He clenched his jaw. “Skylar, you keep denying this sugar daddy business! Who are you trying to fool? You used your sugar daddy to back Charles up, right?” 
Samuel was seething with anger. Sometime after that, he noticed that the film crew group chat was abuzz with talk of Charles. He didn’t even receive a fraction of the attention as the male lead. 
“Charles, do you know Mr. Querbach personally?” the female lead inquired. 
“If Charles didn’t know him, why would they arrange a villa for him?” chimed in the second female lead. 
“Charles, let’s have a drink tonight,” suggested the second male lead. 
Despite being mentioned in every message, Charles didn’t respond, and it wasn’t because he was aloof. On the contrary, he was stunned. 
The butler had personally escorted him to the villa. He didn’t have much belongings, just a bag and the shopping bags filled with clothes and shoes Skylar bought. 
Wasn’t he supposed to stay in the apartment? Why was the butler so attentive in arranging a villa for him? 
“Mr. Sullivan, are you satisfied with this villa? If not, I can arrange another one. There are still three villas available,” said the butler. 
Charles swallowed hard, his nerves on edge. “It’s not that. Did you make a mistake? I’m just the fourth male lead. I should be staying in that apartment.” 
“You’re Mr. Charles Sullivan, right?” the butler asked with a smile. 
###chapter166
Charles nodded in confusion, “Yes, I’m Charles Sullivan.” 
“There’s no mistake then, Mr. Sullivan. Please go inside and have a look. If there’s any issue, you can give 
me a call.” 
“Oh? Okay.” 
With a mix of confusion and fear of being kicked out at any moment, Charles gritted his teeth and went 
inside. 
He thought that this might be Samuel’s retaliation. The villa might be rigged with something to embarrass 
him. 
However, Charles wasn’t easily frightened by Samuel’s attempts to intimidate him. Upon entering, there 
was no sign of any funny business. He meticulously checked each room, and there was no one. Even 
everything seemed normal inside the fridge. 
It didn’t seem like someone was trying to cause trouble.. 
Charles hadn’t lived in a villa before and rarely had scenes filmed in one. Hence, he was a little curious 
and explored every corner. 
Finally, he felt relieved. “Huh, even if they have made a mistake, I’m not at a loss today. Maybe I just got 
lucky?” 
Just as he was about to message Skylar about this, he saw a bunch of people mentioning him in the group chat. He was even more bewildered and had no idea how to respond. 
Weren’t these people usually quite arrogant? Why were they addressing him by his first name and acting all chummy now? 
Samuel read all the messages directed at Charles and was enraged. He immediately started a private message with Charles. “Did Skylar make a deal with her sugar daddy so that you could stay at the villa? No one even knows the kind of person she is with. But hey, you must be enjoying perks.” 
Seething w 
with dissatisfaction, Samuel called Peter. “Have you figured out who Skylar’s sugar daddy is? He must be powerful enough to strong–arm our film crew. Now, Charles has the nerve to act high and mighty, and everyone’s kissing up to him. Fuck! I really want to kill him!” 
Peter was feeling harried. He hadn’t been home for a few days and had been staying at the company. 
Even his white shirt was wrinkled. 
Without the energy to console Samuel, he said, “I haven’t found out who’s backing her. But I can confirm it’s someone close to the Jakeman family. Only they have the power to suppress us. How much money do you have now?” 
“I don’t have much. I’ve spent almost all the money I earned over the years,” Samuel admitted, lacking the concept of saving money. 
Peter fell silent for a few minutes. “Let’s find on opportunity to meet Skylar together. I found out she’s working in Mr. Gardner Senior’s team.” 
“Mr. Gardner Senior’s team? Is she working as a cleaner there? She’s really embarrassing us.” Samuel was convinced that Skylar couldn’t possibly hold a respectable position there. 
Rubbing his temples, Peter said, “It’s not certain yet. It’s also possible she’s been placed there to gain a good reputation.” 
“That’s disgusting.” 
“If there’s nothing else, just hang up. There’s too much going on in the company right now. We might not be able to hold on for much longer.” Peter had a hunch that their company’s downfall was approaching. They might end up burdened with enormous debts. 
Samuel was astonished. “Our company’s so big. It can’t possibly go under, right?” 
Could it really be that serious? 
“We’ll go 
to Gardner Group on Monday.” Peter didn’t elaborate further and just told him the time. 
Samuel rolled his eyes. “Do you really have to be this terrified?” 
The Williams family was prominent in Jipsburg. Besides, the company had been operating for so many years. How could it go bankrupt just because of a few minor difficulties? 
They would overcome them eventually, right? 
After hanging up, Samuel noticed that Charles ha
###chapter167
Charles wrote, “Karma is a bitch. Don’t ever think about getting away, Samuel!” 
Samuel fumed at the message and typed, “Charles, mark my words, you’ll pay for this!” 
But as he tapped away on his phone, he was met with a notification. “You are no longer friends with the other party.” He’d been blocked! 
Samuel’s anger twisted his face even more. One day, he’d have Charles and Skylar groveling at his feet, begging for forgiveness! 
Skylar was lounging on her bed and managing Amazon orders when Natalie’s call came through. 
“Hey there, trophy wife! What’s got you calling me today?” Skylar asked. 
“My husband’s busy today. I’m alone in this empty villa, feeling lonely and bored. Skye, I’m thinking of having a baby,” Natalie said, caressing her flat belly. 
They hadn’t been taking precautions recently. There might be a little one on the way already. If so, she 
wouldn’t have time for idle thoughts. 
Skylar was slightly surprised, “Is Jeremy busy even on Saturdays?” Speaking of Jeremy’s workload, it seemed Joe hadn’t returned either. 
“He’s probably caught up in some tough project lately, and he’s really dedicated to it. But I don’t know, maybe because I’m always home, I feel like he’s not as attentive as before,” Natalie admitted, her insecurity evident. 
Skylar suggested, “Why not consider finding some work yourself?” 
“I want to, but Jeremy and my mother–in–law won’t allow it. She wants me to take care of Jeremy at home. My own mom isn’t too thrilled about the idea either.” Natalie sighed. 
“They’re all pushing me to have a baby, and I’m gearing up for it. Maybe we’ll have some good news soon.” Her mom believed having a child would bring fulfillment to every day. Jeremy had even mentioned wanting three kids in the future. 
Skylar sensed Natalie wasn’t quite herself and asked, “Have you talked to Jeremy?” 
“I’ve been meaning to discuss finding work with him, but he’s been too busy lately. He’s often on business trips. He’s only been home for seven or eight days this month.” Natalie sighed heavily. 
She felt like the once lively Natalie was slowly morphing into a resentful woman with no aspirations. 
“Oh, Jeremy’s back! Skye, let’s catch up later!” Natalie hung up and ran downstairs. 
“Honey!” She rushed into Jeremy’s arms. 
Jeremy stiffened slightly when he hugged Natalie. He then gently asked, “You haven’t slept yet?” 
“I couldn’t. I was waiting for you to be back. We haven’t seen each other for days,” Natalie said adorably. Suddenly, she froze and sniffed Charles vigorously. “Do you have another woman, Jeremy?” 
Jeremy’s expression tensed. “What nonsense is this?” 
“You smell of a perfume that I used before. You said you didn’t like it, so I stopped using it. Jeremy, you know I have OCD. I won’t forgive you if you mess around with other women!” Natalie said
angrily, her eyes 
red. 
Jeremy’s eyes deepened, his tone tinged with helplessness. “I had a dinner tonight. Maybe someone wearing that perfume accidentally brushed against me. Nath, you’ve been off lately.” 
Natalie suddenly felt deflated. “I’m sorry. I overreacted. 
“Let’s plan a trip in a few days, just to unwind,” Jeremy suggested. 
“Promise this time you won’t bail on me.” 
On Sunday, Skylar arrived at the restaurant following the address sent by Annie. 
AND 
###chapter168
Annie arrived at the restaurant ahead of time and the restaurant was relatively empty. Perched on the 20th floor, it offered a panoramic view of the nearby urban area. 
Spotting Skylar’s entrance, Annie motioned for her to take a seat. 
*Please have a seat, Ms. Sullivan. I’ve just ordered some dishes. Take a look and see if there’s anything else you’d like to add,” Annie said with a poised smile and a steady tone. 
As expected of a TV host, every gesture Annie made oozed sophistication. Her demeanor was flawless. 
“Alright, thanks.” Skylar didn’t bother with the menu. After settling in, she took a few sips of water and waited for Annie to explain the purpose of their meeting today. 
The club’s dim lighting and the late hour had made it difficult to get a clear read on her appearance the other day. But seeing Skylar now, she seemed even more youthful and radiant, like a college freshman embarking on her first semester. 
As Annie stirred her coffee, her gaze darkened slightly Observing Skylar’s composed demeanor, she couldn’t help but wonder how she had caught Joe’s eye 
Despite her young age, Skylar was not an easy match. What did a woman without a background seek by 
becoming the mistress of a successful man? 
Annie knew the answer all too well. With a sense of self–assuredness, she slid a one million dollar check 
across the table to Skylar 
Skylar was surprised at the sight of it. She had anticipated Annie’s motive for their meeting, but she hadn’t 
expected to witness a melodramatic scene straight out of a TV drama unfold before her eyes. How 
peculiar. 
Skylar glanced curiously at the amount on the check. Was it a million dollars? 
“Ms. Sullivan, you’re smart enough to understand what I mean. As long as you leave Mr. Martin, this check 
is yours to take,” Annie’s tone held a hint of pride 
Coming from an educated and privileged background, Annie felt herself a fitting match for Joe. As for Skylar in front of her, her background alone destined her for nothing more than the role of mistress. 
Skylar remained indifferent, as always. She recalled Viola’s advice about maintaining composure in their 
line of work. 
Calmly, she asked, “What exactly is your relationship with Mr. Martin?” 
After leaving the club that day, Skylar had carefully pondered over it and suspected there might have been some misunderstandings. Joe didn’t seem to have any connection to Annie. But then again, it was 
all just speculation on her part. 
Annie frowned. “You don’t have to know our relationship. I know you’re only with him for the money. Beyond that, it’s none of your business if you choose to take the money and leave, as I’ve requested” 
“So, you guys are not dating then?” Skylar’s tone remained calm. 
Annie’s expression turned cold. I’ve investigated you. You’re the Williams family’s estranged daughter. Since the Williams family does not favor you, it’s unlikely they’d give you money to spend recklessly. 
“And that’s why you set your sights on Mr. Martin. But do you honestly believe a relationship built on superficialities can endure? It can’t even withstand the light of day.” 
Skylar’s expression remained neutral. “Your investigation was quite thorough, Ms. Silver.” 
Enjoy Ad Free Reading 
###chapter169
Skylar’s initial impression of Annie, formed during their encounter at the club, had been somewhat favorable. After all, beauty tended to catch the eye. However, Annie’s recent investigation into Skylar had changed her opinion. 
“Your foster family isn’t exactly well off. This one million dollars could really change their lives, Ms. 
Sullivan. I suggest you consider the offer before it’s too late,” Annie said, visibly annoyed by Skylar’s cold response from earlier till now. 
Just as Maisy had warned, Skylar’s greed knew no bounds. If not for her greed, the whole Williams family wouldn’t have disliked her either. 
“A one million dollar check seems a bit tight, Ms. Silver. I pocketed several millions in cash just from some casual card games that night at the club. Is this one million check some sort of joke to you or Mr. Martin?” Skylar shot back, a faint smirk gracing her lips. 
Since she was young, Skylar had a habit when dealing with people she wasn’t close to. If they treated her rudely when she was in a good mood, she would have simply brushed it off. But if she weren’t, she would be ruthless. 
It wasn’t too obvious before she got reborn back in time. But now, why should she let this woman, Annie, get away with it? 
“It was a few million dollars. Did he really give you all that cash?” Annie asked, surprised. She had heard from Rowan about Skylar’s Incredible luck that night. The other three had lost terribly. 
At the time, Joe had indeed promised to cover the losses, and Skylar was to keep all the winnings. Originally just a courteous gesture, but unexpectedly, Joe followed through and handed Skylar the 
e money. 
No wonder Skylar found the offer underwhelming compared to Joe’s casual spending of several million dollars. It only fueled her greed, Annie thought. 
“Mr. Martin always keeps his promises,” Skylar said confidently. 
Skylar felt Annie was running out of excuses. She didn’t know much about Joe either. Even if it hadn’t been her that night, Joe would have kept his promise regardless. 
Annie’s face turned pale. There was obvious hostility and anger in her eyes. “Name your price.” 
“Even if I were to negotiate, I should talk to Mr. Martin. How much could you possibly offer? Ms. Silver, you’d better keep this check. If you ever want to kick someone out next time, you’ll have to be prepared 
enough.” Skylar tapped the one million dollar check on the table. 
Angered by Skylar’s provocation, Annie took a deep breath, 
“This is your final chance, Skylar. Miss it, and when Joe gets tired of you, I’ll ensure you won’t survive a day in Jipsburg. I’ve dug up plenty on your foster family. Think long and hard. You’re not alone now. You’ve got a whole family to consider.” 
“So, what you’re saying is, take the money and leave, or else you’ll threaten my family’s safety? You’re 
16 
quite powerful, Ms. Silver, People might reckon you could rule Jipsburg City alone,” Skylar sneered. 
Skylar had once admired Annie’s professionalism, but now she saw her in a different light. Annie was no different from Maisy and the rest. Birds of a feather, indeed. 
“It seems you’ve got it all figured out.” Annie narrowed her eyes. 
Annie had many methods to deal with such a young lass. She didn’t mind teaching Skylar a lesson if she refused to take the offer. Skylar would then face the consequences of offending her, Annie Silver, in 
Jipsburg. 
“Mr. Martin, did you catch all of that?” Skylar suddenly spoke into her phone. 
Annie’s expression changed. “You! Did you call Joe?” Didn’t that mean Joe had heard it all? 
“Ms. Silver, you came here with a million dollars to humiliate me and threaten my family. Haven’t you 
heard of live and let live? 
“Mr. Martin had heard our entire conversation, and I even recorded it. If this goes to the police, Ms. Silver, I may not be famous, but can you handle the public scrutiny? 
Skylar wasn’t one to be easily intimidated. Annie had pushed her too far by threatening her family. 
This mess was Joe’s doing, and he should be the one to clean it up. 
###chapter170
Annie was thrown into a panic. She never expected Skylar to call Joe during their conversation. Regret washed over her as her true colors were unveiled to Joe amidst her threats to Skylar. 
*Joe, please, let me explain. I just thought her situation was complex, and she must have had an ulterior motive for getting close to you. So, I took it upon myself to try to get rid of her. 
“What I said to scare her earlier, it was just really me speaking without thinking,” Annie explained frantically, desperate to salvage her image in Joe’s eyes. 
She hoped to appear bright and pure in front of Joe. The image of her threatening Skylar just now was completely different from what she wanted him to know. 
Joe’s voice came through the phone, his tone still cold. “Are you trying to meddle in my woman’s affairs, 
Annie?” 
Annie was startled by this blunt question. In Jipsburg City, no one dared to poke their nose into Joe’s business aside from the Martin family. Even their closest friends knew better than to interfere. 
As for Skylar, she was equally shocked. When did she become associated with him? But she brushed it 
off, assuming it was to intimidate Annie. 
Annie forced herself to calm down. “I’m sorry. I acted rashly today.” 
“Was it a spur–of–the–moment decision? Trying to make Skylar leave with just one million dollars is an 
insult to me, Annie Silver. You’ve been getting a bit too ambitious lately,” Joe’s voice remained flat and 
emotionless. 
Skylar rarely witnessed this side of Joe, but just hearing his voice sent a shiver down her spine. 
Although Annie’s face had drained of its color, Skylar felt nothing. Annie had threatened her and her 
family, and if not for this call and recording, she believed Annie would have taken real action. 
“Mr. Martin, please hear me out. This was my decision alone. My parents don’t know, neither does Rowan. 
Also, you may not fully understand Skylar’s background, which is why I hurriedly approached her. I can go 
to the Martin Group now to explain this matter to you in person.” Annie gripped her bag tightly. 
She had to get her family out of this. Annie hadn’t expected Joe to take action against her family for 
Skylar. There was indeed support from her parents and grandfather for her to be with Joe. 
Joe, however, didn’t let Annie continue. His voice suddenly softened a bit as he called out, “Skye.” 
His mention of Skye made Annie’s face even paler. 
“I’ll handle this matter. Don’t worry,” Joe said. 
Skylar answered, “Okay, I got it. I apologize for troubling you today.” 
‘If there’s a similar situation in the future, just inform me directly instead of calling.” Joe reminded Skylar 
with concern. 
prer 
He was aware of the ruthlessness within their social circle. They would do whatever it took to achieve their goals, regardless of the law. So, he suspected Skylar might have been frightened today. 
With that in mind, a flash of coldness flickered in his eyes. Skylar acknowledged softly before ending the call. She stowed her phone in her bag and rose to leave the restaurant. 
Seeing her about to leave, Annie immediately grabbed her wrist. Her expression showed jealousy, panic, 
and a hint of resentment, but her words softened a bit. 
*You should explain to Mr. Martin. Tell him that there was a misunderstanding earlier, or come with me to 
find him and explain in person.” 
Skylar shook off her grip. 
###chapter171
“Ms. Silver, do I look like Mother Teresa to you?” Skylar asked. 
Annie was asking for her help right after threatening her to harm her family. Had she lost her senses? It seemed her logic had taken a vacation to act like such a prima donna. 
“Please, I’m begging you! Just name your price! If one million dollars isn’t enough, how about two million or even five million dollars? I can give you five million dollars! 
“As long as you ensure Mr. Martin clears up his misunderstanding, I’ll wire you five million dollars right 
away,” Annie gritted her teeth as she made her desperate offer. 
Annie had a hunch that Joe meant real business when he said he would target the Silver family. She 
couldn’t allow her own reckless actions to drag down her family. 
“Sorry.” Skylar walked straight out from the side. 
Forget about five million dollars; she wouldn’t accept it even if it were ten. Annie was manipulative and likely to stab her in the back once she got what she wanted. She wasn’t trustworthy; therefore, not worth 
her time. 
Annie clenched her trembling hands, biting her lip as she dialed Rowan’s number. 
“Rowan, I made a mistake.” Then, she briefly explained what had just happened to Rowan. 
After a brief pause, Rowan responded, “You’re too reckless, Annie. We had talked about Skylar a couple of 
days ago when I met John. John mentioned that Joe cares a lot about Skylar and advised us not to 
underestimate her. 
“Who would dare to mess with Joe’s favorite? Annie, you’ve got into trouble.” 
Annie gripped her phone tighter and was drowned in a panic she had never experienced before. “Help me. 
figure out a way to meet him,” she pleaded. 
“No way. If I help you again, Joe won’t see me as a friend anymore. You’re on your own now. Good luck. 
Instead of coming to me for help, you might as well talk to Skylar.” Rowan refused without hesitation. 
Neither of them were fools. People like them understood the consequences of going against Joe. Rowan was pragmatic and saw things clearly. He wouldn’t risk alienating himself from Joe.” 
Annie ended the call, feeling utterly lost, sitting alone in the restaurant. 
After leaving the restaurant, Skylar headed straight to the supermarket. She planned to prepare a feast for tonight, so she had already planned out the menu in the morning. 
She even took the time to ask Gloria what Joe liked to eat the most. Yet, Gloria advised her not to fuss. too much over Joe’s food preferences. 
Gloria advised against fussing too much over Joe’s food preferences, as he could easily request them 
from the housekeepers–Skylar’s hands weren’t suited for cooking every day. 
After a half–hour chat with Gloria on the phone, Skylar had a clear iden of Joe’n culinary preferences. With all the ingredients purchased, she could head home and start cooking. By tonight, the dishes would be 
ready. 
As she exited the supermarket, she unexpectedly bumped into Marcus, accompanied by a woman whol appeared to be a na?ve college student. 
“Skylar?” Marcus sounded surprised. 
Skylar greeted him with a smile, “Mr. Lennon.” 
“Why are you shopping alone? Need a hand with all those items?‘ Marcus‘ eyes sparkled as he looked her 
over. 
Ever since their encounter at the club, Marcus couldn’t get Skylar out of his mind. Now that he had run into her alone, he couldn’t let the opportunity slip by. It would be foolish to pass up this opportunity. 
Skylar pushed her cart away, avoiding him. “Thank you, but I’m good on my own.”
###chapter172
Marcus halted Skylar by grabbing the shopping cart. His gaze was fixed on her like a predator eyeing its prey. “Let me give you a lift.” 
“Marc…” The woman’s expression soured as she witnessed Marcus showering attention on Skylar. 
She felt insecure as Marcus now had his attention on another woman despite promising to spend the whole day with her. What made it 
Orse was that Skylar appeared more stunning than her. 
Marcus glanced at the woman with a dismissive attitude. “You go on ahead.” 
Among the people Skylar had met at the club, Marcus was the one she liked the least. He was a playboy. and with his wealth as leverage, Marcus was bound to meet his downfall at the hands of a woman sooner or later. 
Skylar suddenly grabbed Marcus‘ arm and applied pressure with her fingertips. “I said, I can handle this myself.” 
After she spoke, Marcus seemed to be electrocuted, his entire body jolting. “Ah!” 
He had already suppressed the scream to avoid alarming others, but the sudden movement had already 
startled the woman beside him. 
“Marc?” she asked. What was happening? Why did Marcus leap as if he were about to perform a magic 
trick? 
By then, Skylar had pushed her cart into the elevator leading to the parking lot. It was as if she wasn’t the one causing Marcus to jump around like a clown. 
It was too late by the time Marcus reacted. He could only watch as Skylar entered the elevator. His handsome face turned dark and gloomy. 
“I’ll own you one day, Skylar! You’re not better than anyone else just because you are with Joe.” Marcus gritted his teeth. 
He was confident he could win over any woman he set his sights on. 
The attractive woman beside him felt aggrieved after hearing Marcus‘ W 
“Marc… do you not like me 
anymore? Didn’t you promise to spend the day with me? Aren’t we going to the mall after finishing shopping at the supermarket?” 
She wasn’t bothered by Marcus‘ many flings, but she couldn’t help feeling a bit uneasy. 
“What shopping? Get lost!” 
After leaving the supermarket, Skylar went to the hospital to visit Caleb. Caleb was speechless, looking at the large lollipop in his hand. “I’m not a kid anymore.” 
Was he still a child in her eyes? He suddenly felt bitter. 
22 
Caleb had wanted to ask her about her feelings toward him, but the words got stuck in his throat. He feared she would say she saw him as a child or a little brother.. 
Skylar smiled and said, “You’re still a kid in my eyes. That’s why I deliberately chose a motorcycle– shaped lollipop.” 
Caleb forced a mile. “Skylar, I’m not a kid anymore. There are plenty of girls wanting to be my girlfriend.” 
“Okay, okay, you’re the patient, you call the shots. The doctor probably won’t let you eat lollipops now. Save it for later when you’re discharged. Skylar persuaded him in a tone as if coaxing a child. 
Caleb felt he had a long way to go in pursuing Skylar. Though John said he and Skylar were impossible, 
Caleb wanted to prove him wrong. He was determined to win Skylar over! 
After leaving the hospital, Skylar drove straight back to Galaxy Villa. It was already 2:00 pm when she arrived, so she began preparing the ingredients in the kitchen. 
Time passed quietly. 
etav at the 
In between, she received a call from Charles, who said the butler had mistakenly let him stay 
mansion last night. 
Today, everyone on the film crew was trying to please him like a lord. He felt even greater looking at Samuel’s bitter expression and murderous gaze. 
“But I’m worried that my good times will be over butler realizes his mistake. Charles said. 
Skylar couldn’t tell Charles the specific details, so she simply said he was lucky and told him not to worry about it. She then convinced him that it was perhaps because he often did good deeds that someone wanted to repay him. 
From a young age, Charles had always been kind–hearted and helpful to the elderly. 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
###chapter173
It didn’t seem impossible. 
Charles was skeptical, but he remained optimistic. “Hahaha! It doesn’t matter if it’s a mistake or not. What matters is that these past two days have been amazing!” 
Soon, Skylar had already washed and prepared all the ingredients, including the meat, which she had also marinated. After checking the time, she called Joe. 
th a few 
“What time will you be home?” Skylar asked Joe, who was playing basketball with a 
friends. 
After wiping the sweat from his forehead, Joe glanced at the time and replied, “I’m getting ready to head back now. I’ll be home in about an hour.” 
“I’ll leave first,” Joe said to the group, including John. 
“Why are you leaving so early? Let’s play for another hour,” John suggested. It was rare that everyone had time today to gather for basketball. 
Joe shook his head. “I have plans tonight.” 
Raising an eyebrow, John immediately guessed after looking at Joe’s smile. “Are you heading home?” 
John whispered, “Didn’t you say you didn’t like her? It doesn’t seem like it.” 
Joe suppressed his smile and replied, “You don’t understand.” Then he walked away. 
John raised an eyebrow. Who was the one talking? 
Joe caught a whiff of delicious food as soon as he reached Galaxy Villa. Perhaps it was because he was tired from playing basketball, but his stomach had started growling on the way back. Now, he couldn’t wait anymore after smelling the enticing aroma of food. 
In the dining area, Joe saw several dishes already laid out on the table. Though Skylar’s cooking might not 
be as fancy as that of a five–star chef, her dishes had a homely charm. 
They were simple yet delicious, and each time he ate her food, he found himself eating more than he 
intended. After playing basketball all afternoon and burning a lot of calories, it wouldn’t hurt to eat a little 
extra that night. 
Skylar brought out the seared salmon she had just finished cooking and noticed Joe had returned. “You’re 
back!” 
It seemed like he had returned ten minutes earlier than she expected. She still had two dishes that would be ready in ten minutes. 
“The traffic was smooth today,” Joe said with a faint smile, his tone relaxed. 
He seemed to be in a good mood. Skylar smiled too. “There are two more dishes. Just wait for me for 
another ten minutes.” 
“Sure, take your time.” Joe nodded. 
Looking around the table, he counted nearly 20 dishes. Though there were various dishes, each had a small portion, they wouldn’t be wasting any food. 
Ten minutes later, Skylar completed the last two dishes. She peeked out from the kitchen and asked Joe, Mr. Martin, would you like something to drink? We have red wine, and there are some other beverages in the fridge.” 
“Red wine then,” Joe replied. 
“Alright.” 
An hour later, Skylar’s cheeks were flushed from the effects of the wine. She hadn’t expected to get drunk from red wine, but her eyes were misty as she looked at Joe. 
Joe was only slightly tipsy as this amount of alcohol meant nothing to him. He had known that Skylar had a low alcohol tolerance, but now it seemed she was indeed a lightweight drinker. Even a little alcohol made her intoxicated. 
However, in her current state, Skylar appeared defenseless with a hint of coquettishness and cuteness. Her lips were stained with the gloss of red wine, and she bit her lip, an unknowingly playful gesture. 
“Don’t just drink with anyone in the future,” Joe said, his voice slightly husky. 
Skylar felt rebellious, especially now that she was drunk and her brain was foggy. “No, I can drink with anyone I want. Do you know how much I can drink? It could scare you to death if I told you.” 
“How much can you drink?” Joe’s eyes deepened as he wasn’t able to suppress his smile. Could she really scare someone to death with this little alcohol tolerance? 
Skylar extended a hand, her index finger glistening under the light. “Guess what this means?” 
Joe’s gaze fell on her finger. “Oh? What does it mean?” The drunk Skylar was behaving like a lazy kitten. “The answer is so obvious, and you still can’t guess?” 
###chapter174
Didn’t she already reach out her hand to tell him the answer? 
“It means I’m going to continue drinking!” Skylar exclaimed, then took another sip from her glass, but Joe stopped her. 
His strong hand completely wrapped hers, and his palm felt warm. 
Because of the alcohol, Skylar was slow to react. She didn’t notice anything wrong and protested, “Let go of me! I’m not afraid of you just because you always have a stern face. Let me tell you, I can fight really well!” 
Joe couldn’t help but smile at her drunken antics like a kid throwing a tantrum. Though the description of him always being stern was accurate–he had always been indifferent and hard to read. 
“Come on, you’re drunk. You can’t continue drinking,” Joe said patiently, in a soft tone. 
But Skylar wasn’t easy to reason with in her drunken state, especially now that Joe had changed in her eyes. “Why do you look ugly now?” she asked. 
Joe’s face darkened instantly. Ugly? He had never thought that word could be associated with him. 
“Think carefully before you speak. Who’s ugly?” Joe’s voice was low, with a hint of allure. 
Skylar was speechless. “Obviously, it’s you. How could it possibly be me? Wait, I’ll go search online for a plastic surgeon for you. We’ll get rid of those ugly eyes on your forehead. Once they’re gone, you won’t be 
ugly anymore.” 
If she had studied medicine, she could have done it herself. What a shame. He was too ugly! If not for those extra eyes, Joe would be quite handsome. 
Joe smiled at her increasingly drunken state. 
As Skylar stood up, the room spun, and she couldn’t support herself before falling to the ground. 
Then she leaned on the chair and mumbled, “How did I end up on the bed? I’m going to sleep. Remember to find a plastic surgeon. Those eyes on your forehead might affect your dating life. Remember, it’s too 
ugly!” 
After this earnest speech, she closed her eyes and fell asleep on the chair. She appeared obedient but was sleeping in the wrong place. 
It was the first time Joe had dealt with a drunk person like this. Even when drunk, they wouldn’t dare to cause a scene in front of him. Skylar was the first. 
And she was also the first person to earnestly advise him to get plastic surgery. Who would ever believe it if he told anyone? 
He scooped Skylar up. She was very light. 
As she was asleep, she found a comfortable position to continue sleeping when he lifted her. Her hand 
wasn’t obedient. It was wandering over his chest and even pinching him. 
“My bed is too hard… I need a new mattress.” 
With a disdainful tone, she leaned on his chest and insisted, “It must be changed… definitely. 
Joe’s eyes were deep and unread 
about I lay my hands on you?” 
as he gazed at Skylar. “Do you know what you’re doing now? How 
But his threat didn’t faze her. Skylar slept soundly. 
Joe intended to head for a shower after carrying her upstairs and putting her in bed. He needed to calm himself after being touched like that. 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>> 
###chapter175
Joe stood up, but Skylar pulled him back gently. “Don’t go…” 
Joe raised an eyebrow, peering down at Skylar on the bed. “Are you really drunk or just pretending?” 
Skylar blinked her foggy eyes, trying to focus on the figure before her. However, her vision stayed fuzzy, as if a mist clouded the person before her. Yet, she felt an unknown danger, like a dream she couldn’t shake off. 
She slumped onto the bed, powerless as she was betrayed by the person she trusted the most. 
“Christopher…” Skylar mumbled. 
At the mention of Christopher, Joe’s expression turned cold. How could a scumbag like him still be on her mind? 
“Get away from me…” Skylar had been holding Joe’s hand tightly, but now she released it. Joe’s expression remained sullen. She was all over him just moments ago, yet now she wanted him to leave? 
“Leave me alone!” Skylar added, feeling her earlier words weren’t firm enough to express her disgust toward Christopher. 
She never wanted to see Christopher again in her life. He disgusted her too much. 
Remembering those years now made her heart ache. And it was not because of the pain Christopher caused, but because she realized she had wasted her youth on him while there were other boys who admired her. 
Even the top student in the class had professed his feelings to her. It was such a waste. 
Joe held a stern gaze as he said, “I should’ve left you to sleep on the ground to sober up. Otherwise, who knows what kind of filth is filling your mind?” 
After saying that, Joe felt somewhat relieved. He roughly grabbed the blanket that Skylar had kicked away, yanked it up, and tossed it back over her before striding away. 
skylar woke 
The next morning, up with a pounding headache and a vague recollection of Joe’s warning 
about drinking. And she seemed to have blacked out. Did she say anything in response? 
The aftermath of the alcohol made her regret drinking. She rubbed her temples, trying to piece together 
the previous night’s events. 
“Oh, no. I can’t remember a thing! I didn’t do anything weird after getting drunk last night, did I? I mean, I have a good character, so I would have good drinking manners too, right?” 
With that, she felt confident that she must have obediently gone upstairs to sleep after getting drunk. 
Just as Skylar walked out, she bumped into Joe, who had just come out of the room. 
“Good morning,” Skylar greeted with a hint of guilt in her voice, sensing that something had happened. Otherwise, Joe wouldn’t have looked at her with such frosty eyes as if he felt wronged. 
Joe raised an eyebrow slightly. “Sober now?” 
He asked about being sober, not if she had awakened. Skylar sighed inwardly. Well, one couldn’t have a good character and be a good drinker, huh? 
In a questioning tone, she asked, “I went upstairs to sleep after I got drunk yesterday, right? Did I cause you any trouble?” 
“Trouble? Not trouble, but injuries,” Joe calmly responded. 
Skylar was startled. Did she hit him while drunk? Was she such a problem drinker? 
“Let me see where you’re hurt. I really don’t remember anything. Is it serious? Should we go to the hospital? Let me check, Skylar anxiously asked. 
Joe pointed to his chest. “The injury is here. Are you sure you want to see it? Should I take my clothes off for you to check?” 
Skylar misstepped and nearly fell. She was mortified. “I… How did this happen?” 
Her fighting skills were rather civilized, and she typically wouldn’t hurt vital areas unless under exceptional circumstances. 
“You touched, rubbed, and pinched almost all over my chest. Do you still want to see it?” Joe smiled faintly, and his eyes were filled with a hint of anticipation for her reaction. 
Skylar’s face flushed instantly. 
###chapter176
“Were you interested in me since long ago?” Joe added. This sentence was like a bombshell that made Skylar’s rationality vanish. 
“Can I still explain?” Skylar was at a loss for words. She got to quit drinking! She vowed never to touch alcohol again, not even a drop of cooking wine! 
Joe’s mood improved when he saw Skylar looking aggrieved, which oddly pleased him. 
“It’s fine. I get it because you were drunk.” Joe smiled. 
But Skylar couldn’t forgive herself for the entire day because of her embarrassing drunken behavior. She touched and pinched his… Yet she couldn’t recall a single detail. Did he have pecs? 
Just as Joe was about to go downstairs, he suddenly turned back. “Oh, by the way, you kept commenting on how ugly I was last night and eagerly helped search for plastic surgery hospitals.” 
Skylar bit her lip, on the verge of tears, while staring at his handsome face. She said, “Darn it!” Would any other man stand a chance if Joe were to get plastic surgery? 
Joe couldn’t hold back his laughter anymore. Skylar was even more adorable when she was sober. 
As Joe disappeared up the stairs, Skylar took out her phone and saw her recent search history. It showed, “Where is the most expensive plastic surgery hospital in Jipsburg?” 
So it meant everything Joe said just now was true. 
Annie had arrived outside the Martin Group building ten minutes ago. Her messages to Joe went unanswered. But she couldn’t bring herself to lower her pride and beg Skylar. 
In her eyes, Skylar wasn’t worthy for her to plead. She didn’t believe that Joe would always be interested in Skylar. 
Joe definitely meant every word. Last night, Annie had discussed the matter with her parents, and they, too, didn’t expect Skylar to be so scheming to call Joe right away. 
Skylar would never have been so bold if it weren’t for Joe’s favoritism. At the thought of this, Annie felt like her heart was being pricked with needles. 
Finally, Paul arrived. Paul walked over and was rather surprised to see Annie. “Ms. Silver?” 
“Mr. Ziegler, I’d like to see Mr. Martin.” Annie went straight to the point. 
Anyone who truly knew Joe would know that Paul was the person Joe trusted the most. Now, she had to go through Paul first to meet Joe. 
Paul remained a polite smile. “I’m sorry, Ms. Silver, but Mr. Martin’s schedule is packed today. He’s going on a business trip after a meeting. If you have anything important, just let me know and I’ll convey it to Mr. 
Martin.” 
It was a joke. Joe had specifically instructed Paul to reject all of Annie’s appointments from now on. She should have known her place. Not only did she meet Skylar, but she also threatened Skylar to leave Joel 
with a check. 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Days* 
###chapter177
“It’s impossible for Annie to dismiss the person chosen by Gloria with just a million dollars,” Paul thought 
to himself. 
Apart from undermining Joe’s authority, the value of the large diamond ring gifted to Skylar alone 
exceeded a hundred million dollars. If Skylar had been a gold digger, targeting Gloria might have been a more strategic move. 
Annie’s decision to offer a mere million dollars to threaten Skylar appeared foolish and inappropriate. 
Annie felt embarrassed. 
“Mr. Ziegler, I’m sure you would understand why I need to speak with Mr. Martin face–to–face. Some misunderstandings are difficult to clear up over the phone. We’ve known each other since childhood. Is it truly necessary to deny me a chance to explain?” she pleaded. 
“Ms. Silver, you’ve crossed a line. By interfering in Mr. Martin’s affairs, others might misunderstand your relationship with him. Since you’re nobody to Mr. Martin, meddling in his affairs is inappropriate. I doubt you can explain why you threatened Ms. Sullivan. You should leave, Paul stated bluntly. 
People just love stirring up trouble based on their long–standing connections. Paul’s straightforwardness. couldn’t hurt. 
Annie’s face turned even paler than before. “Have you investigated Skylar?” 
“Ms. Silver, you’ve crossed another line.” Paul’s demeanor darkened, dropping the fake smile. 
It was clear that Annie had investigated Skylar. Would people like her dare to dig deeper if they knew Skylar wasn’t just Joe’s lover but his wife? 
Annie froze in place. She had crossed the line again. She suddenly realized that anyone who could be by 
Joe’s side would surely be investigated thoroughly. 
Joe knew everything about Skylar, but he completely ignored it. It felt suffocating. Annie then took a deep 
breath. 
Annie watched Paul enter the building, and his resolve was unwavering without a hint of hesitation. 
Clearly, there was no room for negotiation. 
Her mother, Sabrina Madison, suddenly called. “Mom.” 
“How did it go? Did Mr. Martin listen to your explanation? Let’s tone it down a bit first. I mean, it’s just a fling. Mr. Martin wouldn’t really go against us because of her,” Sabrina said. 
Annie’s voice was strained. “Mom, I couldn’t see him, and there’s no room for discussion. 
“What? He won’t even let you apologize to him in person? Is he ignoring your lifelong friendship just for a 
woman? 
“I happen to have Mrs. Martin Senior’s phone number. I’ll talk to her and let her know how abed d 
Sabrina hung up 
She immediately called Gloria. “Mrs. Martin Senior, it’s me. I’m Sabrina Madison, Grayson Silver’s wife. We met at Gardner Manor a few years ago,” Sabrina said, trying to cotton up with Gloria. 
Gloria listened to her absentmindedly while watching TV. She was used to receiving such calls frequently. Sudden calls like this always had a purpose, especially when they weren’t close. 
“I know,” Gloria replied indifferently. 
“Well, Mrs. Martin Senior, something happened these past two days. Annie and Joe have known each other since childhood and even attended the same university. There might have been something between 
them. 
“But suddenly, a woman named Skylar Sullivan had intruded on their relationship recently. She’s a homewrecker, even her own parents despise her. Annie was worried that Joe was deceived, so she…” Sabrina explained the whole situation. 
Gloria was initially uninterested, but her face turned cold as she listened. Edgar saw Gloria’s sudden change in demeanor and knew that someone had upset her. 
“Skye’s is a homewrecker ? It seems to me that the Silver family had failed to educate Annie. How dare you guys meddle in our family’s affairs?” Gloria said before hanging up the phone 
Then she called Joe. “Are you even a man?” 
“What’s wrong, Grandma?” Joe was bewildered 
“Just now, Annie’s mother called me to slander Skye. How could they bully my granddaughter–in– law? Did you agree to let the woman from the Silver family bully Skye? Did you let their whole family bully Skye?” Gloria bombarded him with questions 
###chapter178
Joe’s demeanor turned cold. “I’ll handle this, Grandma. The Silvers are acting on their own,” he assured 
Gloria. 
Understanding the situation, Gloria saw the Silvers were being too audacious. “They called me. If not, would they have targeted Skylar? Handle it properly,” she said, frustrated. 
In Jipsburg City, many sought to match their daughters with Joe, a fact Gloria usually tolerated. Yet now, they had crossed a line by targeting Skylar. With Gloriaping, she’d ensure no one dared to bully 
Skylar. 
After the call, Joe summoned Paul, Paul was shocked to hear about Sabrina’s call to Gloria. 
His eyes widened in disbelief. “Just now, Annie was blocking me at the company entrance because she wanted to see you. Did they contact Mrs. Martin Senior after I declined? When did the Silvers become so 
reckless?” 
“Go talk to Grayson and have the bank press them for their loan,” Joe instructed. 
Paul immediately went to carry out the orders. 
Meanwhile, Sabrina panicked after being hung up on by Gloria. She learned about the Williams Group’s recent crises. They could face bankruptcy at any moment, probably because Joe was
venting for Skylar. 
Gloria’s attitude showed she wouldn’t intervene in Joe’s affairs. Sabrina suddenly felt flustered. She explained the situation to Annie, whose face turned even paler. 
At the same time, Grayson received a call from the bank. 
Meanwhile, Kenny, along with Peter and Samuel, headed to the Gardner Group. With Peter driving, they got stuck in traffic on the way. 
“We need answers today! I have to know who’s backing her! What’s her gain if the Williams family goes bankrupt?” Samuel was enraged. 
“Why didn’t you bring Maisy with us? We could show Skylar how respectful she is to us. We also have to bring Skylar to the hospital today. They’ve run out of blood. Now, we can’t find a blood donor even at a high price,” Samuel said. 
Samuel’s mind was consumed with thoughts of teaching Skylar a lesson. Just the thought of Skylar reminded him of Charles. On set, Charles, with a minor role, received better treatment than him! 
It was probably because the director learned about the Williams family’s crises. He had reduced Samuel’s scenes to increase Charles‘. This was like a slap to his face. 
Peter’s expression was solemh. “Calm down. First, we have to make her reveal who’s behind her. If it’s someone targeting the Williams family, we must stop them. That’s our main priority. And whether she would go to the hospital or not is irrelevant. If she doesn’t go, she won’t be able to stay in Mr. Gardner Senior’s team. Today, we’ll let Mr. Gardner Senior’s team learn her true colors 
“Have you guys ever wondered why her attitude toward us has changed?” Kenny’s expression was grim. 
He’d been having nightmares. They all depicted them mistreating Skylar. It hadn’t bothered him before, but now it weighed heavily. He felt they had gone too far as no one bothered to ask Skylar if she wanted to donate blood since the start. 
###chapter179
Peter and Samuel turned to Kenny simultaneously. 
*Kenny, Skylar doesn’t hold much significance for us. Whether she’s our sister or not doesn’t matter. Being swapped at birth was her misfortune. She’s unrelated to us,” Peter stated coldly. 
“But if she’s really teamed up with outsiders against our family’s company, then she’s ungrateful. After all, she had quite a good time during her time with us,” Peter added, his tone harsh. 
Samuel continued, “I’ve said it before, I only 
have one sister, and that’s Maisy. I don’t care how she sees 
us! If killing people was legal, I’d strangle her right now.” 
Kenny noticed their attitudes and recalled their parents‘ and Maisy’s behavior earlier when they left home. He realized the whole family still blamed Skylar. They all thought she had to listen to them and be controlled by them. 
Kenny pressed his lips together and asked firmly. “Well, can’t Skylar feel the same way too? She used to treat us like family, but now she sees us as enemies. Do you guys think she’ll still follow your commands?” 
Peter and Samuel were taken aback. But their expressions quickly changed. 
“It doesn’t matter how she sees us. She’s got the Williams family blood in her veins,” Peter said coldly. 
Samuel snorted. “She’s living a great life now. Look where she’s working. That’s Mr. Gardner Senior’s team. Our family might not be able to get her in even if we go all out.” 
Kenny knew it was pointless to continue with the conversation. He just hoped things wouldn’t turn out as he feared. Hopefully, Skylar still cared about them–her brothers. 
In the Williams Residence, Sadie felt uneasy sitting in the living room. She fiddled with her phone, checking the time. 
“Your brothers should’ve arrived by now. I wonder how their talk with Skylar is going. How did Skylar become like this? She’s too despicable if she really got someone to target our family’s company.” Sadie said. 
Maisy couldn’t calm down either. For these past few days, she hadn’t been feeling well and could only stay at home. She wished she could join them to find out who Skylar’s backer was. 
“Mom, is our company really in big trouble?” Maisy asked. 
Sadie sighed, “Jeffrey said the company is facing the risk of bankruptcy. He had hired someone to investigate who was behind Skylar, but no luck yet. So, this situation might be related to Rowan and his 
group.” 
“Rowan?” Maisy’s eyes lit up. She knew Rowan. Rowan, Joe, and John were all good friends. Their circle was one that many people in Jipsburg wanted to integrate into and a circle the Williams family couldn’t 
compare to. 
“Yeah, but it probably isn’t Rowan. Rowan’s women are always in the news, and John also has a fiancée We need to figure out who it is before we can solve this. Our company can’t go bankrupt! That’s your dad’s years of hard work,” Sadie said, frowning. 
Sadie felt uncomfortable about Skylar’s coldness and unanswered calls. 
Maisy’s eyes drifted as she pondered a solution. She suggested, “Mom, I think I’ll go check it out. I have a feeling that they can’t handle this. Maybe I can find out who’s behind this after after clearing the air with Skylar in person.” 
“Alright then, be careful.” 
After clocking in, Skylar was informed that Alexander wanted to see her. When she entered Alexander’s office, he was on the phone. 
“I’m too old for these extremely complex and delicate repairs. I probably can’t do them anymore, but there’s a young person in my team who might be able to,” Alexander said. 
###chapter180
“However, this kind of repair work is time–consuming and labor–intensive. Even for a young person, the price won’t be much lower than mine. Have you made up your mind?” Alexander chatted for a few more moments before hanging up the phone. 
Then, Alexander turned to Skylar, his face unable to hide his admiration. 
Skylar was the most talented young person he had ever seen. Despite her young age, she was more skilled than the more senior team members. 
During Skylar’s time here, she had been modest and humble, yet she had quickly earned her place in the team. She even managed to silence skeptics with her professional abilities. And now they were even vying to be her apprentice. 
“Come, take a look at this. Can you handle this task? If you can, the commission for the team is 30 percent, and the rest is yours.” Alexander showed Skylar the videos and photos on his phone, one by one. 
Skylar watched attentively, carefully examining each photo and video. 
“I believe I can, but it will take some time. I can do it if they’re not in a rush,” she said earnestly after thorough consideration. She was confident that she could take on this job. 
Alexander couldn’t help but smile at Skylar’s serious expression. “You didn’t even ask about the pay?” he teased. 
Skylar shook her head. “This job marks my entry into the industry. The pay isn’t my main concern. What matters is the quality of the restoration.” 
As long as she performed well and gained recognition in the industry, her value would naturally increase. 
Alexander grinned broadly. “You’re young but wise beyond your years. Alright, I’ll take this job for you. Rest assured, it won’t be less than seven figures.” 
“Thank you, Mr. Gardner Senior.” 
Alexander looked at Skylar and regretted not being able to mentor her or better yet, have her as his granddaughter–in–law. 
What a pity. Alexander recalled John’s mention that Skylar and Caleb were impossible, leaving him to treat Skylar as an apprentice rather than actively matchmaking her with Caleb. Skylar had already been spoken for, and that person was Joe. 
But it would be best not to tell Caleb about this. He couldn’t keep his mouth shut, and who knew, he might 
just blabber everywhere or act out of impulse. 
It was indeed a shame. The one and only granddaughter–in–law he had his eye on couldn’t be with Caleb. 
Suddenly, someone knocked on the door. 
“Come in,” Alexander responded. 
Skylar was about to leave. Instead of entering, the person outside spoke directly to Skylar, “Skylar, your family is here to see you. We’ve already arranged for them in the waiting area, and they’re
currently waiting for you.” 
“My family?” Skylar frowned. If her foster parents were visiting, they would have informed her beforehand. How would they come without letting her know? Could it be something urgent? 
“Yes, they said they’re your family.” 
Skylar pushed away her doubts and responded, “Thank you.” 
Then she turned back to Alexander and said, “Sorry, Mr. Gardner Senior, I’d like to go see them first. They must have something urgent to discuss with me, so I’ll go meet them now.” 
“Go ahead. Don’t worry. If it’s something urgent, you can take a day off today,” Alexander said gently. 
###chapter181
After thanking Alexander, Skylar headed straight to the waiting area. Her expression turned cold upon spotting Kenny and his brothers on the couch. 
Without hesitation, she called the security. 
“The three individuals who just came up have nothing to do with me. They’re impostors. Please come and escort them out,” she informed the security over the phone. 
Upon hearing Skylar’s voice, Kenny and the other two stood up. 
“You’re still our sister, even if you want to deny it. That’s a fact! Today, we’re extending an olive branch. Why won’t you accept it?” Samuel barked. 
How could she have the audacity to call the security guards on them? She was really getting out of hand. Peter’s expression was stern. “Tell us what you want. We’ve all come today, so make your demands clear. You can name your price, but we have to know who’s backing you.” 
“In the past, we may have done some wrongs that hurt you, but we won’t hurt you ever again. We’re siblings, and you’re our parents‘ daughter. Even if there have been disagreements, it’s time to put an end to it. Come home, Skye, Kenny urged her gently. 
Each brother had a different approach, but their goal was the same. They all wanted Skylar to obey them. The Williams family were opportunists, so they were all very shrewd. They knew exactly when to make which choice. 
“Check my birth certificate then. We’re not even related. Don’t embarrass yourselves. Leave now,” Skylar said expressionlessly. 
“You! So you’re after your inheritance rights? Just admit it! Did you really have to stoop so low? Refusing to donate blood for Maisy and now targeting our family for inheritance rights? Skylar, you’re utterly disgusting.” Samuel sneered, convinced he had uncovered Skylar’s motives. 
Inheritance rights were coveted, especially by outsiders like Skylar. From their perspective, her methods were despicable. Indeed, someone from a lower class like her had a shallow perspective. 
Offending them for the inheritance rights was foolish. She should have tried to please them. Now, the whole family disliked her, and they surely wouldn’t like her in the future. 
Samuel deeply despised having Skylar as a sister since she would resort to any means to achieve her goals. 
Kenny frowned. “Was it really just for legal rights? Skye, didn’t Mom and Dad want to file for adoption recently? You’d already be on the Williams family’s adoption papers if you hadn’t left home.” 
“Filing isn’t difficult. I promise you this. If you can take a day off today, we can take you to file your adoption papers right now,” Peter said firmly, his disdain barely concealed. Many people resorted to unsavory means to gain inheritance rights, but to think that his biological sister would also stoop to such disgusting tactics in front of them. 
“It seems like you guys can’t get the message, huh? Then, let me make it clear. Fortunately, I’m not related to you guys. From now on, you guys should stay far away when you see me,” Skylar said, glancing at the approaching security guards. 
“What?” Samuel and Peter exclaimed simultaneously. 
Kenny’s face paled slightly, and he stepped forward anxiously. 
“Even if we’re not legally related, we’re still siblings by blood. Could you bear watching our family go bankrupt? Just tell us what’s on your mind. We can correct our mistakes and let you name your 
conditions.” 
“Blood ties mean nothing,” Skylar sneered. They were too dumb to comprehend simple facts. 
“Ms. Sullivan, are you sure you don’t know them?” the head of security asked as they approached Skylar. 
Without hesitation, Skylar replied, “Yes, please escort them out.” 
###chapter182
The captain of the security team approached Kenny’s group with his subordinates. 
*Please leave immediately,” he demanded. 
Being surrounded by the burly security guards, their expressions faltered due to feeling intimidated. 
“You better think this through! Are you really ready to sever all ties with the Williams family?” Samuel was convinced that Skylar was just playing tricks on them. 
Skylar turned to leave. She didn’t want to waste her breath talking to an unreasonable brute like Samuel. It was a pure waste of time and emotions to deal with him. 
“Stand right where you are, Skylar!” Peter shouted. At that moment, even he felt that something was 
amiss. 
Skylar didn’t give a damn about what they would think or whether they would still consider her their sister. Peter found it hard to believe that Skylar could be so heartless. He thought that Skylar shouldn’t cut ties with them just because they sided with Maisy. 
Without looking back, Skylar walked away. Why would she stop just because they asked her to? They were being idiots. 
Kenny gritted his teeth and said to Peter and Samuel, “I told you she wouldn’t entertain us. Let’s go.” 
Peter could only nod stiffly as the security guards were about to intervene.. 
Samuel looked extremely pissed off. “She will regret this!” 
She was jealous that the whole family favored Maisy. No matter what she did, she couldn’t compare to 
Maisy in their eyes. 
“Skylar, my dearest elder sister. If you watch me die without so much as batting an eye, I won’t blame you. It’s all my fault, after all. How I wish we hadn’t been switched at birth back then! 
“Even so, you can’t join forces with outsiders to harm our family! Do you know how much more weary Dad became overnight? Mom hasn’t been able to sleep as well. Her hair grayed so much over the past few 
days.” 
Maisy ran over in a hurry. With all the staff around, she wanted to expose Skylar’s true colors to them and see if Skylar could remain there while being judged critically. 
Skylar looked at Maisy coldly, fully aware that she was putting on a show again. It was the same old act of playing the pity card. 
Several colleagues passing by were a little bewildered because Skylar was seemingly bullying the bawling lady. 
Skylar was usually gentle, so she was popular among her colleagues despite having started working there fairly recently. If there was any task that required two people to complete, the old– timers were keen to partner up with Skylar. 
It wasn’t because Skylar was new. Instead, it was because she was highly professional. Many admired her and wanted to learn from her. 
Assessing the situation before them, they wondered if this was some complicated infighting within Skylar’s family. 
People involved in academics weren’t simpletons. They were usually emotionally stable too. Skylar was 
one such person. 
Her red lips curled into a sneer. “Here comes another crazy one. If you like acting, join the entertainment industry and improve your acting skills. You give the same performance every single time. You don’t seem to tire of doing that, but I’m so sick of it that I could barf. 
“Don’t go around calling me your sister in the future. If you like being babied this much, go put on some diapers. You shouldn’t simply address others as your elder sister.” 
Some of the staff snickered, unable to hold back. They wanted to remain composed, but Skylar made it 
hard to do so. 
She was usually easy to get along with–gentle in her speech and actions. However, she was sharp and witty when putting others in their place. No wonder they had felt that something was somewhat off previously. 
###chapter183
Now, it all became clear. 
Maisy was quite pretty, but she was not as beautiful as Skylar. In fact, she even looked older than Skylar- appearance–wise. Yet, she kept calling Skylar her elder sister“. She resorted to those cliché guilt–tripping 
tactics seen on TV. 
The staff didn’t know the specifics of what had happened, nor did they feel there was a need to know. Skylar had been very professional and pleasant to work with. That was all that mattered to them. 
Maisy froze in disbelief upon seeing the reactions of the people around her. 
She quickly added, “Skylar, do you know how rare our blood types are? Only you can save me. Are you really going to watch me die?” 
It should be clear enough now. Skylar surely wouldn’t want others to think of her as heartless, right? 
Skylar didn’t even react in the slightest. She merely said indifferently, “So what if you die? What does that have to do with me?” 
“You… How can you be so heartless? What kind of person have you become? You even colluded with outsiders to harm our family. You’re a homewrecker who destroys someone else’s family. How can y 
you be so immoral? How much money did that man give you? 
“I 
n ask Mom and Dad to give you even more money. Please stop going down the wrong path. Also. You don’t know anything! That man helped you secure a position within Mr. Gardner Senior’s team. 
“But when he realizes that you know nothing, you’ll be kicked out. It’ll be a disgrace to the Williams family when that happens!” Maisy gritted her teeth, slinging as much mud as she could. 
Several of Skylar’s colleagues exchanged puzzled looks. Was this lady out of her mind? Since when could one get in through interpersonal connections? 
As long as Skylar showcased her talents, everyone in Jipsburg would be fighting over her! 
Besides, Skylar could earn a lot of money on her own. Why would she bother with becoming some man’s 
mistress? 
“Are you trying to smear us, miss? Don’t assume you know about us carelessly.” One of Skylar’s female colleagues couldn’t stand Maisy anymore and decided to speak up. 
“Yeah. I heard some people have dirty minds, so everything they see is dirty. I took a short course in traditional medicine. Look at her! Don’t you think her complexion looks a bit off? She looks like she could be pregnant. 
“Could it be that she’s the one who got pregnant from being a mistress? Is she picking on Skylar because she thinks Skylar’s a pushover?” 
The other staff stepped forward to defend Skylar too 
Skylar had worried that her colleagues might believe Malsy’s words. After all, Maisy’s pretentious acts. 
had always been very effective. Everyone in the Williams family believed her. 
Skylar wasn’t the only one surprised; Maisy was also taken aback. 
She looked incredulously at the people in front of her. “I’m not pregnant, and I’m definitely not someone’s mistress! Skylar is the one. You’ve been deceived by her. She isn’t capable of doing anything. 
“If you don’t believe me, ask her to repair an antique. She even gave my mom a birthday gift that turned out to be a fake painting. Someone who can’t tell what’s real or fake can’t be capable of doing restoration 
works.” 
Did these people only have antiques on their minds all the time? Was that why they couldn’t understand simple words? 
Otherwise, they wouldn’t be defending Skylar. 
“I suggest you investigate Skylar thoroughly, and you’d better bring Mr. Gardner Senior here. Don’t let Skylar tarnish your team’s reputation,” Samuel said icily. 
He wanted to see if Skylar would come begging them in desperation after being rejected by her employer. 
“It’s you who should be investigated. Didn’t Skylar ask you to leave? Do you think the Gardner Group building is a place for your nonsense?” 
“Security, escort them all out!” 
Skylar’s colleagues didn’t give her a chance to speak. They immediately stepped up to defend her. 
“Please leave right now,” the captain of the security team said to the Williams siblings coldly. 
Samuel and Maisy could hardly contain their anger. They had said so many incriminating thi Skylar, yet these people still believed her! 
Had Skylar fed them some sort of brain control drug? 
Skylar felt a sense of warmth in her heart. Joining Alexander’s team was no doubt the right decision. 
about 
###chapter184
The four of them were escorted out of the Gardner Group building. 
The security captain even told them threateningly not to con:e back. They were warned that if they were seen at the entrance again, the security would not hesitate to call the police. 
If news about such an incident ended up in the media, the Williams family would be utterly disgraced in Jipsburg. 
Thus, they returned to the car in embarrassment. 
Sitting in the driver’s seat, Peter forcefully pounded the steering wheel twice. He was used to having his way all these years. Yet, he had suffered humiliation at every turn lately. Today, even a security captain could threaten him to his facel 
“What’s wrong with those people? I’ve already said everything so clearly, but they still defend Skylar. She must have been buttering them up,” Maisy complained angrily. 
Because of her intense resentment, she momentarily forgot to conceal her thoughts. 
Samuel saw the astonishing hatred in Maisy’s eyes and froze. He thought she had always been kind and timid. However, she looked like she could kill Skylar now with that twisted expression of hers. 
“It’s no use trying to get anything out of Skylar. Let’s get someone else to investigate, Kenny said, sighing 
helplessly. 
He then glanced at the time and said, “I have to go to work now. I’ll go talk to Steven again later and see if 
he knows anything.” 
“I know someone who might know something. I’ll go find her.” Maisy suddenly thought of Annie. 
The last time they met, Annie had asked her all sorts of questions about Skylar. Back then, she hadn’t thought much of it. Reflecting on it now, Maisy believed that Annie must know who was supporting Skylar 
financially. 
Otherwise, why would she waste her time asking about Skylar? 
She hadn’t thought about it before, but now she realized that Annie might have manipulated her. Of course, she wouldn’t simply keep quiet and become a pawn to someone else. 
Caleb returned home after being discharged from the hospital. He lay on the bed lazily, watching TV or playing on his phone. Other than that, he would read the thick books his grandfather threw at him from time to time. Occasionally, some tutors came over to give him lessons. 
It was very boring and mundane to him. 
He wanted to see Skylar, but he couldn’t ask her to come to his house. Skylar still didn’t know he was Alexander’s grandson. 
He had never missed or liked a girl this much before. 
Feeling bored, he called Alexander. “Grandpa, what’s Skylar busy with right now? Did you give her a lot of work to do? She’s so busy that she isn’t replying to my WhatsApp messages!” 
Alexander frowned and replied. “You’re not good enough for Skylar. Stop daydreaming about dating her, and don’t bother her. Look at those superficial WhatsApp messages you sent. Skylar doesn’t have time to look at her phone when she’s working. You two are individuals from different worlds. Don’t force it.” 
“Are you really my grandpa? Have you been invaded and replaced by a body snatcher? I thought you wanted Solar to be your granddaughter–in–law! I’ve just undergone a surgery. It’s not like I’m crippled for life. Why do you have to beat me while I’m down?” 
Caleb was so angry that he wanted to jump out of bed and confront his grandfather. He wanted to go 
straight to his grandfather to ask him what was the matter with him. Why would he discourage his 
grandson so readily? 
This has nothing to do with whether I’m your grandfather. You’d better get rid of any improper thoughts early on it’s impossible for you and Skylar to get together,” Alexander stated sternly and hung up. 
Celeb grimed his teeth in anger. Why did it feel like Alexander had become even more disdainful of him than before? 
Gancing at the book beside him, he couldn’t help but open it with clenched teeth. 
He would become worthy of Skylar 
After work, Skylar went to Pearlhall Residence first. She had dinner with Gloria before returning to Galaxy 
There she received a WhatsApp message from Joe that he would be on a business trip for the next two 
days 
Recalling the embarrassing incident earlier that morning. Skylar breathed a sigh of relief. She was grateful that she didn’t have to face him that day 
She texted back, “Okay. Don’t worry about Grandma. I’ll visit her these two days.” 
Joe replied, “Sure. Please don’t drink with anyone these two days.” 
Skylar’s face flushed red when she saw the word “drink“. 
She felt mortified as she let out a soundless scream of anguish in her heart. Suddenly, she felt like Joe had some sort of leverage over her. 
###chapter185
Once again, she learned a profound lesson that alcohol led to trouble. But since the incident had already happened, there was no need to dwell on it any longer. 
“I think you should forget about this unpleasant experience and not let it occupy your mind.” Skylar typed out a message swiftly and sent it. 
Then, she took a relaxing shower and lay on her bed, looking at the photos sent by Alexander. As she scrolled through them, a restoration plan formed in her mind. She envisioned how it would look once she repaired it. 
Meanwhile, at the airport, Joe looked at his WhatsApp message with a faint smile playing on his lips. Beside him, Paul felt a chill run down his spine upon seeing his smile. 
It was as if he had witnessed something frightening. Why was Joe suddenly smiling for no reason? This wasn’t his boss‘ usual demeanor. Why was he staring at his phone and smiling all of a sudden? 
The next moment, Paul caught sight of the WhatsApp message with Skylar on Joe’s phone. He came to 
an epiphany 
He asked, “You seem to have a good relationship with Ms. Sullivan nowadays, Mr. Martin. Do you like her? 
This question made the smile freeze on Joe’s lips. He exited WhatsApp with a deadpan expression and 
turned off the screen. 
In a chilly tone, he said, “Not exactly.” 
“But you’ve been chatting with her a lot recently,” Paul remarked. 
He spent a lot of time being around Joe day in and day out, so he would be the first to notice any 
changes. In the past, he rarely saw the esteemed Mr. Martin demonstrate any sort of patience when it 
came to messaging others. 
Even when chatting with his friends, Joe was always succinct. Just now, even though he didn’t need to 
type on his phone, he still smiled at the screen. Paul was sure something was going on between them. He 
was even willing to bet on it with his life. 
“We’re just talking about Grandma’s situation. Why do I feel like I’m not giving you enough work to keep 
you occupied?” Joe asked icily, cocking an eyebrow. 
Paul was at a loss for words. Indeed, he wasn’t very busy, but he would like to keep it that way. He 
immediately made the motion of zipping his mouth shut. 
“Mr. Martin?” A surprised voice reached their ears. 
Joe glanced over. “Marcus?” 
Marcus was accompanied by a beautiful lady with a voluptuous figure. They had just arrived at the airport and made their way through security. 
Paul had just zipped his mouth shut and was taking a selfie. He coincidentally included Marcus in the photo he snapped. 
Ten minutes later, after Skylar finished looking at the photos sent by Alexander, she casually opened her. Instagram and took a glance. She saw the selfie Paul had taken at the airport. 
Paul was actually quite handsome. He didn’t look much different from those cute guys on the talent shows. He could definitely debut as an idol if he participated. 
Suddenly, her gaze fell on Marcus, who was standing behind Paul. She was surprised to learn that Marcus was at the airport and on the same flight as Joe. Her eyes focused on the barely visible thumb ring 
Marcus was wearing. 
One of her eyelids twitched. She had a premonition that something would happen to Marcus in the next few days. So, she immediately called Joe. 
“The number you have dialed is unavailabl
###chapter186
Skylar hurriedly sent another WhatsApp message. “Joe, don’t get too close to Marcus. He will bring trouble to you! I’ll explain the situation to you in detail when you have the time” 
However, both WhatsApp messages went unanswered. Skylar was restless as she waited for his reply. She didn’t turn on the sleep mode on her phone for fear of missing Joe’s call or message 
Sometime later, she woke up groggily to the sound of her phone ringing Without delay, she answered the call. 
“I just got off the plane and saw your message.” Joe’s voice came through. 
Skylar immediately became alert. “Are you and Marcus on the same flight?” 
“Yes, we are.” Joe glanced at Marcus, who was beside him. 
This chance encounter was an opportunity for Marcus to get closer to Joe. Marcus needed to do this because the Lennon family was facing some problems recently. 
Skylar took a deep breath. “Listen to me. He’s wearing a thumb ring. That ring is nothing good. He’s a womanizer and changes girlfriends frequently. Plus, with that sinister ring, he must be afflicted with 
something 
“Don’t get too close to him! He’s your friend, so his energy will definitely affect you. It might even endanger your life.” 
Joe raised an eyebrow discreetly. Then, he glanced at Paul, whose forehead was red and swollen after accidentally bumping it against a hard surface. 
Finally, his gaze fell on his shoes. There was a smidge of orange juice on his bespoke leather shoes. There was even a scratch from a broken glass 
There had been a severe turbulence earlier. The glass in the flight attendant’s hand fell. Paul, who was about to get up to go to the washroom, fell down as well. Sitting behind them, Marcus spat out blood. 
In that short one–hour flight, chaos erupted in the cabin. But right now, Marcus just looked a little pale and seemed fine otherwise. His condition didn’t stop him from being physically intimate with the beautiful woman beside him. 
Joe felt that he should learn to believe in things that didn’t seem logical at a glance sometimes, or it could be that he was more willing to trust Skylar now. 
“Are you worried about me?” Joe asked with a half–smile. He quickened his pace and distanced himself 
from Marcus. 
Skylar was momentarily stunned to hear his teasing tone as he said that. She answered honestly, “I don’t want Grandma to suffer the pain of having her descendant pass away before her.” 
Another reason was that she didn’t want to cite widowhood as the reason for when she had to get a 
divorce. 
Joe smirked with a slightly amused look in his eyes. “It’s late now. Go to sleep.” 
“Okay, good night.” 
As Marcus walked, he noticed Joe walking faster, as if he had forgotten all about him. He immediately hurried to catch up. The beautiful woman beside him struggled to keep up in her high heels. 
“Mr. Martin, can I hitch a ride with you to the hotel? My ride broke down on the way,” Marcus asked upon 
catching up. 
Paul deduced that Marcus had something to discuss with Joe. After all, they were acquaintances who had known each other for some time. They weren’t close friends, but Marcus frequently appeared in Joe’s 
social circles. 
Suddenly, his forehead started to hurt. He reached up to massage it and felt the big bump, thinking to himself that no wonder it hurt so much. 
This was a first for him. After so many years of flying and spending almost as much time on planes as he was at home, this was the first time Paul had been so unlucky. 
“It’s inconvenient for me,” Joe refused stoically without giving any reason. 
###chapter187
This was exactly how Joe treated those he didn’t care about. Marcus was well aware of this, but he didn’t expect Joe to reject him so firmly without so much as a sliver of regard that they were mutual friends with Rowan and the others. 
This embarrassed Marcus greatly. Weren’t they fine before boarding and during the flight? Why did his áttitude change after getting off the plane? Could the phone call Joe received put him in a bad mood? 
If so, who made the call? Who could have made a call in the middle of the night to cause Marcus unnecessary trouble? 
Once they got into the car, Paul took out his phone and snapped a picture of his forehead while cursing, Damn it! How unlucky! I’ve been having a streak of good luck lately. How did it suddenly take a turn for the worse?” 
Joe glanced at Paul. Then, his gaze fell on the photo Paul had posted on Instagram over an hour ago. 
In the photo, Marcus could be seen behind Paul. Skylar must have called him after seeing this photo. He hadn’t noticed any ring on Marcus‘ hand before, but now he could vaguely see it in the photo. Perhaps it was because of what Skylar said, that ring did give off a bad vibe. 
“If Marcus contacts you, keep your distance from him,” Joe said. 
Paul was taken aback. Joe was rather cold toward Marcus. Had he offended Joe in some way? Or did the series of incidents on the plane affect Joe’s mood? 
“Did Marcus offend you?” Paul asked. 
Joe showed Paul his WhatsApp conversation with Skylar. After reading it, Paul’s eyes widened suddenly. 
“No wonder I’ve been so unlucky today!” He hadn’t understood it before, but now he did. 
Suddenly, he thought of something. If Marcus was sick, wouldn’t that affect a lot of people? Would Rowan, Ethan, and even Lukas be affected? 
The situation seemed especially worrying for Ethan and Lukas. They were not picky about their romantic partners. There was a chance they might have shared the same girlfriends before. Would they have gotten the same disease too? 
“Should we ask Mr. Jakeman and the others to get a thorough medical check–up?” Paul asked. 
Joe remained silent for a few seconds. Then, he typed a message and sent it to the group chat with Rowan and John in it. 
He wrote, “Marcus vomited blood on the plane. If you’ve had a common girlfriend with him, go to the hospital for a detailed check–up.” 
This caused a huge stir. 
Rowan responded instantly. “Vomited blood? What’s going on? And when did you two become so close that you would meet up personally now? I thought you disliked hanging out with Marcus and Ethan 
apte: 157 
John texted, “Could Marcus have AIDS? He seems to always have a cold whenever I run into him at 
restaurants.” 
Rowan replied, “Fuck this!” 
John advised, “Rowan, you hang out with Marcus quite often. Go get yourself checked. Let’s not meet for 
now. Good luck.” 
Joe texted, “Good luck.” 
Rowan didn’t reply anymore. He was probably in hysterics or was busy booking an appointment with a hospital for a check–up. He could also be checking his Instagram diligently to see if he had any overlapping girlfriends with Marcus. 
In short, Joe and a few others would be staying up that night, unable to sleep. 
Steven had just walked out of the laboratory at the company when he saw the haggard Kenny standing 
before him. 
Steven pretended not to see Kenny and walked past him. 
However, Kenny stopped him. “Wait, do you know anything about Skylar being a mistress? Not only that, she also got that guy who’s having an affair with her to sabotage our company. We’re facing a lot of problems now, and she’s likely the one behind all of this.” 
###chapter188
“Bullshit! The way your family does business is immoral, which is in tandem with your unsavory 
characters. It’s no surprise that you’ll go bankrupt sooner or later. You’re just trying to pin the blame on Skylar for your own faults.” 
Steven was usually soft–spoken. However, for shameless people like Kenny and his family, he didn’t see the need to be cordial toward them. They didn’t deserve it. 
He had heard from Charles about how Kenny and Samuel had treated Skylar. They had been so despicable that it made Steven’s blood boil. 
Kenny was displeased but also embarrassed at being called out by Steven. “We’re not pinning the blame on her. Skylar and her boyfriend broke up because she found a better option.” 
Steven didn’t understand how Kenny could be so foolish. “Has your whole family been brainwashed by Maisy? What did she use to brainwash you guys so thoroughly that you can’t think independently anymore? 
“Even if Skylar did get someone to deal with you, it’s because you pushed her to it. Don’t come to me for anything about Skye in the future. I will never help you guys!” 
He couldn’t help but wonder what Skylar had experienced in the Williams family. The Williams family wouldn’t be hounding her like this if there weren’t any suspicious signs. Who exactly did Skylar marry? 
Steven decided that he would have to ask Skylar about it again. He wouldn’t let anyone bully her again. What happened with Christopher was more than enough; there must not be a repeat of that. 
Steven pushed Kenny away and walked to somewhere with no one around. He was about to call Skylar when he received a message from her. 
“Hey, Steven. When are you free? My husband will be back from his business trip when you’re not so busy with work. I’ll arrange for you two to meet. 
“Don’t worry about me. I’ve thought this through. Once bitten, twice shy. I won’t let myself be fooled again.” 
Steven’s tense emotions relaxed a bit upon reading this message. He reminded himself not to be swayed by Kenny–he should trust Skylar. 
After his confrontation with Kenny, Steven returned to the laboratory. He stared blankly at the instruments before him but couldn’t focus. He sent another WhatsApp message to Skylar. Yet, there was only silence 
from the other end. 
Peter mentioned the current situation of the Williams Group in the family group chat. All the troubles they faced stemmed from the Martin Group attacking their business. 
How did Skylar get involved with the Martin Group? If it wasn’t Paul whom she was involved with, then who else could it be? 
Chapt 
Now that he carefully thought about it, it was as Steven had said. Why were they so quick to assume that Skylar was pulling strings behind the scenes and not that they were genuinely in trouble because of their 
actions? 
The Williams Group had expanded by leaps and bounds in recent years. Perhaps they had done 
something that displeased the Martin Group in some way? 
Kenny took a deep breath. He had just sent his thoughts to the group chat when Samuel and Peter opposed and questioned him. Even Jeffrey commented that it was impossible. They all insisted that Skylar had something to do with it. 
They went on to say that Skylar wanted their approval so that she could settle down with their family and in Jipsburg. That was why she pulled all those tricks. 
Now, Kenny hoped it was indeed Skylar who was behind everything. If that were the case, perhaps there was still room for a turnaround. 
Today, the painting that needed to be restored was brought before Skylar. Alexander was also there to inspect it. 
He spoke to Frank Doherty, who was beside him, as he examined the painting. “This painting looks even more tattered in real life than in the photos. It really tests the skills of the restorer.” 
When he was younger, he would feel intimidated when he received such a damaged and ancient painting because restoring it would be very challenging. If one didn’t do it well, all previous efforts would be in vain. It required a lot of patience. 
Frank had a solemn expression. “This is a painting left by my ancestors. It’s very precious and meaningful to me. Unfortunately, I didn’t store it properly and accidentally damaged it. 
“When I discovered the extent of the damage, it had already become like this. Money is not an issue. I will pay double as long as it can be restored.” 
It was evident that the painting was way more important than money to Frank. 
Enjoy Ad–Free
###chapter189
After Skylar heard their conversation, her expression remained calm, and she didn’t say anything either She just told them that she could do it. 
“Skye, are you sure there’s still a possibility of restoration?” Alexander asked grimly. 
Frank turned to look at Skylar too. In fact, he had little confidence. 
If even Alexander felt it was difficult, restoring it must almost be impossible. However, he seemed to trust the pretty young 
relatively young age Woman in front of him, who didn’t seem capable of undertaking such a task at her 
Frank was mentally prepared that his painting couldn’t be saved. Upon thinking that such a precious. heirloom was ruined in his hands, he felt helpless and dreaded facing his ancestors in the afterlife. 
To his surprise, Skylar nodded and said, “I can restore it. Give me another half a month.” 
Frank was shocked. Alexander was also quite surprised. If this were the first time he met Skylar, he would have no doubt that she was bluffing. 
Now, after working with her for some time, Alexander had a good grasp of her character. She wouldn’t simply claim she could do something when she couldn’t. This meant that she was confident about restoring this painting. 
Excitedly, he inquired, “Are you sure about this, Skye?” 
“Yes, I’m sure. A few years ago, I restored a painting that was even more daunting than this,” Skylar replied. 
She thought of the time when Viola would bring back some antiques that were very difficult to restore every time she went off a few years ago. She would bring back items like ancient paintings and porcelain 
vases. 
Back then, she restored many of those artifacts. Viola trusted her a lot and gave her many opportunities to practice, and she would also guide her carefully from the side. 
Alexander felt reassured when he heard this. “Good! Very good!” 
Frank asked emotionally, “Does she mean what she said?” 
“Rest assured, Frank,” Alexander said with confidence. 
Skylar smiled and said, “I will do my best to restore it, but you need to manage your expectations. This painting is too ancient and badly damaged. It’s impossible to restore it to its original state, but I 
guarantee that I’ll do my best.” 
“That’s great!” Frank nodded repeatedly. 
If even Alexander trusted her, what reason did he have to doubt her? Besides, no team other than Alexander’s team would dare to take on this task. 
Skylar took the ancient painting with her to get on with repairing it. 
Just as she left, Frank’s eyes sparkled with anticipation. He asked, “Does she have a boyfriend? My grandson is 23 years old. He’s a young and promising fellow–a virtuous young man! He doesn’t have a girlfriend. Can you please help me arrange for a blind date for the two of them, Alex?” 
The Doherty family needed a composed and mature lady like Skylar. On top of that, she was pretty too. His grandson would definitely like her when he saw her. 
Alexander glared at Frank. “Even my grandson doesn’t even stand a chance, so forget about yours.” 
“How old is your grandson? Isn’t he even 18 yet?” Frank asked, thinking that Alexander wanted Skylar for his own grandson, Caleb. 
Alexander felt a little heartbroken when he thought of this. “No, she’s already seeing someone.” 
###chapter190
Outside the TV station building, Annie’s car had just pulled out of the parking lot when suddenly someone appeared and blocked her path. She quickly stomped on the brake, and her expression changed instantly, Where did this person suddenly appear from? She hadn’t noticed them at all. 
Annie had been restless over the past few days. Not only was she absent–minded, but she also kept making mistakes at work. Now, she almost hit someone! 
If she rammed into someone at the entrance of the TV station, her career would be over. With cold sweat breaking out on her back, Annie took a deep breath and suppressed the restlessness in her heart. 
She put on a worried expression and got out of the car. “Are you okay? Do you need me to take you to the hospital? I’m sorry. You were in the blind spot just now, so I didn’t see you.” 
Maisy didn’t expect that Annie would almost hit her. She was startled at what had just happened as well. She replied, “I think I just twisted my ankle. I’m not hurt anywhere else.” 
“Maisy?” Annie’s face sank, and her expression turned cold when she recognized who the person in front of her was. 
Maisy was about to smile back at her. But when she saw Annie’s sullen expression, she understood everything. Annie had tried to find out more about Skylar through her. Once Maisy fulfilled her purpose, Annie didn’t bother to contact her anymore. 
Now that she saw Maisy again, she didn’t even care to conceal her displeasure. 
Clearly, she was taking Maisy for a fool. 
“So, you still remember me. I thought after our chat last time, you’ve forgotten about me. I wonder if you’re satisfied with the information about Skylar that you got from me? You’re so curious about Skylar. Is it because you know the man who’s backing her?” Maisy asked without beating around the bush. 
her 
what do you want?” Annie stared at her coldly and maintained haughty demeanor. She didn’t seem 
to care about Maisy exposing her true colors at all. 
Maisy patted away the nonexistent dust on her skirt. “Nothing, really. Since we clearly can’t be friends, I’m not here to befriend you. I just want to know who Skylar was looking for and the identity of that man.” 
Annie’s expression became sullen right away. These past two days, various things had been happening at home. Even when she called Rowan, he would find reasons not to talk to her. 
Thinking that all of this was happening because she couldn’t hold back her emotions, Annie regretted her actions a lot and blamed herself for the blunder. 
She had already made a wrong move, so she couldn’t afford to screw up her next step. 
Because of that, she responded indifferently, “I don’t know what you’re talking about. I’m not very with Ms. Sullivan.” 
familiar 
If Joe found out that she was gossiping about Skylar with someone from the Williams family, unbearable. 
consequences would await her. 
“Don’t lie to me, Ms. Silver. I’m not a child.” Of course, Maisy would do anything to hold on to this opportunity to find out more. She didn’t want to lose such a useful lead. 
Annie looked at the relentless Maisy, her patience running thin. “The Williams family has encountered at lot of trouble recently. If you don’t want to make things worse, don’t pester me for information.” 
After saying that, she opened the car door and got in. 
Maisy tapped on the car window furiously. She shouted her speculations at Annie, “There aren’t many people who can make you shut up in Jipsburg. You asked me about Skylar because you like the man 
who’s seeing her, don’t you? Who’s the guy you like? I…” 
She stopped mid–sentence upon realizing something. Her expression soured immensely, and her eyes 
widened in disbelief. 
Annie put on a pair of sunglasses that concealed the mocking look in her eyes. She knew Maisy had 
figured something out. If Maisy went and stirred up trouble, she would divert Joe’s attention toward the 
Williams family. 
That was what Annie wanted. 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
###chapter191
Of course, Annie could tell that the Williams family was not fond of Skylar. She guessed that the main reason for their dislike was because of Maisy’s meddling. Annie would like it very much if Maisy stirred up more trouble for Skylar and made her the laughingstock In Jipsburg. 
Otherwise, she had no way of venting the pent–up anger she felt due to the recent setbacks she and her family faced. Her life had been smooth sailing all these years. Yet, Skylar disrupted it single–handedly. Whenever she thought of this, she got so furious that her blood would boll. 
Maisy remained dazed for half an hour. When the security guard working at the TV station noticed her strange demeanor and came to inquire if she was alright, she finally snapped out of her reverie. 
Her hands balled into fists when she returned to her senses. Her icy fingertips pierced into her painfully. The raging jealousy within her caused her eyes to appear bloodshot. 
palms 
If it was really as she suspected, Skylar was one really lucky bitch. She thought of the silhouette she saw 
back at the auction house. Could that have been Skylar? 
Then, she recalled the time when she ran into Joe. Even though Paul was always the one to step forward 
to speak, Joe had been present. 
“Damn it, Skylar. You can’t be that lucky, can you? Your boyfriend cheated on you and slept with me behind your back! You’re only worthy of settling down with an old fart. How the hell can you end up
with Joe Martin? No… This isn’t true! I don’t believe this!” Maisy ranted. 
Just then, her phone started ringing. She answered it in a fluster. “Hello, Peter.” 
“Did you meet Annie? What did she say? Who’s the one behind Skylar?” Peter asked hurriedly, eager to 
know the answer. 
Maisy was reluctant to divulge the information. If everyone in the Williams family knew that Joe was backing Skylar, they might try to make amends with her and beg her to return to the family. 
By then, would Maisy still have a place in the Williams family? The answer was clear as day. That was why Maisy decided that as long as she was around, Skylar must not be accepted into the Williams family at all 
costs. 
“Annie didn’t say anything. I think she doesn’t know much. She was just curious about Skylar and our family’s affairs, so she asked me about it. I’m sorry, Peter. I wanted to be of help to the family and you, but I ended being unable to help at all.” 
Peter fell silent for a few seconds. Then, he said somewhat irritably, “I know you did your best. Don’t blame yourself. There’s a lot going on at home recently. Take care of yourself.” 
“Don’t worry. You and Dad need to take good care too. I believe our company will get through this difficult time,” Maisy sald. 
“Okay.” Peter hung up. 
After the call, Maisy searched for a video online using her phone. She found a video of Annie Interviewing 
Joe. Next, she, scrolled through the photos her friends sent her. They showed Annie and Joe attending John’s engagement banquet together. 
Whether in the video or the photos, Maisy could see that Annie only had eyes for Joe. Maisy concluded that Annie’s persistent inquiries about Skylar stemmed from the belief that Skylar might be Joe’s secret 
lover. 
If Sky 
“If Skylar can do it, so can I!” 
She searched her contacts and found a number. Without hesitation, she made a call. “Do you know Joe’s schedule? Give me a copy. I’ll pay you for it.” 
After getting what she wanted, she quickly booked a plane ticket. Then, she called Christopher. “Are you still stupidly waiting for Skylar to change her mind? Let me tell you, I know who her lover is. It’s Joe Martin! I want Joe. You want to win back Skylar, right? 
“Let’s make a deal. I have some medicine that can help you get her into bed. Then, you’ll take some indecent photos of her to blackmall her. I can also use the photos to make Joe dislike her. We can kill two birds with one stone. How about it?” 
###chapter192
At the Gardner Group building, by the time Christopher hurried over, it was already 4:00 pm. By this time, people in the building were gradually leaving the office. 
He had spent a long time at the hospital. Not only that, he had also sold the house, borrowed money from relatives, and even cashed out credit cards. He had even borrowed money from college classmates and tried various online lending platforms. 
? 
Finally, he gathered enough money for his mother’s surgery. The surgery appointment was also set. He had initially planned to wait until after his mother’s surgery to settle things with Skylar. 
But unexpectedly, Skylar’s lover wasn’t Paul as he had thought. Instead, it was Joe–the person he dared not even think about! 
Had Skylar changed? Christopher thought she never cared about her boyfriend’s background. She had supposedly never cared about wealth before. Yet, now she willingly became Joe’s lover and allowed herself to be his plaything 
They had been together for seven years! In all those seven years, she wouldn’t let him touch her, but she let Joe touch her. He couldn’t accept this because if she had let him sleep with her, he wouldn’t have slept with Maisy at all. 
He glanced at the Gardner Group building that seemingly towered into the clouds. It was a place many people wanted to enter but couldn’t. When Skylar was his girlfriend, she liked to visit museums, stroll through streets selling antiques, and read history books in the library. 
Just because she loved reading books and appreciated antiques, it didn’t mean she knew how to restore them. Skylar could only have gotten a job here because of Joe. 
For ordinary people, the selection process to make it into Alexander’s team seemed to be fair and based on ability. But for the truly affluent families, those were merely rules set for ordinary people. 
Skylar had broken up with him without any hesitation for these matérial benefits! 
He waited for another half an hour before Skylar finally walked out of the building. She seemed to be a 
little tired. She hadn’t even eaten lunch that day because she had focused all her attention and energy on 
her restoration work. 
Although she appeared calm and collected, as if she didn’t care much about money, that was just keeping up appearances in front of others. She actually cared a lot. 
for 
This weekend, she would find time to look at some properties. She wanted to buy a house of her own–a house for their family where her adoptive mother and siblings could live. 
Thinking about this, Skylar smiled 
Just as she was about to head to the parking lot, someone rushed toward her, grabbed her arm, and forcefully dragged her aside. 
Skylar was startled. At first, she didn’t recognize Christopher because of his drastic change. He had lost 
22 
considerable weight and hadn’t shaved his beard. He looked even more disheveled than when they last 
met. 
“Let go of me!” Skylar forcefully pulled her arm back and delivered two slaps swiftly, one on each side of Christopher’s cheeks. 
Skylar didn’t hold back at all. She had wanted to beat him up a long time ago! Since he came asking for a beating, she wouldn’t deny him that. He more than deserved the beating for what he did in her previous 
life. 
Christopher hadn’t exercised for quite some time; he had given up on himself. Skylar’s attack stunned him, causing him to take two steps back. 
“You’ve changed, Skylar! You’re different from before! You would never have acted like this in the past. I’ve heard about everything. You’re Joe’s lover, aren’t you? Skylar, don’t you know he’s just toying with you? He’ll never marry you or take responsibility for you.” 
Skylar raised an eyebrow. 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>> 
###chapter193
Christopher’s assumption of the man she was with had shifted from Paul to Joe. How had he guessed it?” Are you done? If you are, then get lost,” Skylar said expressionlessly. 
She felt calm seeing him again that day. A scumbag like him wasn’t worthy of eliciting any emotional reactions from within her. 
Christopher’s heart ached like someone was stabbing a knife into his heart gradually. “You used to say you loved me, and that you wanted to marry me. We even made a vow to never be apart in this lifetime. Are you aware that you’re going against our vows now?” 
“Oh, I see. You’ve picked up some acting skills and the ability to twist the facts around after sleeping around with Maisy for so long.” Skylar retorted sarcastically. 
She found that anyone associated with Maisy would become shameless, and they demonstrated the same despicable behavior. 
“I… What happened between Maisy and me isn’t what you think. I was deceived by her. She made me think I liked her, but in fact, I’ve always loved you. Skylar, you’ve also made a mistake now. We both trod down the wrong path. 
“I’ll forgive you, and you forgive me, okay? I’m the only one in this world who sincerely cares for you, loves you, and wants to marry you,” Christopher said. 
His eyes were bloodshot as he stared at Skylar. When she looked at him in the past, her eyes were full of love. Now, she looked at him emotionlessly, with nothing but pure coldness and indifference. 
“No, you 
made an unforgivable mistake. I did not.” Skylar regretted those seven years she spent with him. 
Seven years ago, she was blind when it came to her relationship with Christopher. Of course, she didn’t care to cling to such disgusting memories. 
The security guard at the entrance noticed their unusual interaction and hurried over. “Ms. Sullivan, do you need help?” 
“It’s okay. I just happened to run into a mental patient,” Skylar explained with a smile. 
The security guard was relieved to hear this. He glanced at Christopher, nodding lightly. Indeed, he looked like he wasn’t quite right in the head, The security guard thought his relatively good looks were wasted on him. 
“What are you looking at?” Christopher yelled angrily at the security guard. 
The security guard rolled his eyes. “Hurry up and leave. Don’t think I won’t hit you just because you’re sick in the head. If you keep bothering Ms. Sullivan, I’ll beat you up.” 
Skylar knew that these security guards hired by Alexander were all former soldiers, Hence, they were skilled in combat. Beating Christopher up was a piece of cake for them. 
Never could Christopher have imagined he would be humiliated by a security guard one day. He was 
close to suffering from a mental breakdown. 
“Get lost! She’s my girlfriend. We’re just having a disagreement,” Christopher shouted. 
The security guard looked at Skylar. She remained indifferent, looking at Christopher as if he were a stranger. Clearly, he wasn’t her boyfriend. The security guard couldn’t help but wonder why there were so many loony people around. 
“Skylar, we need to have a good talk. This isn’t the place. Shall we go to that fondue restaurant we often visit?” Christopher calmed down. 
Even if he was angry, he couldn’t show it. He still had the drug Maisy gave him. Earlier, he was hesitant about doing this and didn’t wish to worsen his relationship with Skylar. 
But now… Skylar would have to blame herself for not listening to him. 
“Save your breath, Christopher.” When Skylar heard the word “fondue“, she felt nauseous. 
She used to enjoy it because Christopher didn’t have much money. Thus, having fondue became the most extravagant dining option for them. 
“No, Skye. I can’t let go. I never agreed to break up. You don’t want to cause a scene at your workplace, do you? If you don’t want that, then come with me,” Christopher said, regaining his calm. 
His emotions returned to how they were before. He wanted Skylar to remember the good memories they 
shared. 
###chapter194
“Are you ready for a good beating?” Skylar rolled up her sleeves and placed her bag aside. 
She got into a fighting stance, polsed for a good fight. 
Christopher was surprised at first. Then, he accused, “Skylar, you’ve changed. You’re no longer the kind and pure Skylar you used to be!” 
‘Kindness doesn’t work for you,” Skylar replied, flexing her wrists and ankles. 
As soon as her words fell, she lifted her foot and kicked, Christopher didn’t expect that Skylar would strike again. He was thrown into a very awkward position by the kick. He almost fell on his butt. 
Clutching his stomach, he looked at Skylar as if she’d deeply hurt his feelings. “You’ve really changed!” 
After kicking him, Skylar walked away and didn’t spare him another glance. In Christopher’s eyes, she had 
become heartless after she fell for someone else. 
Christopher’s eyes reddened further. He swore that Skylar hadn’t seen the last of him yet! 
Ten minutes later, Skylar got in her car and hit the road. What just happened had no effect on her whatsoever. However, Christopher’s shamelessness still somewhat surprised her. 
She had truly been blind back then! Thinking of how haggard Christopher looked just now, she thought he must have been having a hard time lately. With Amelia needing surgery, he must have tried all sorts of 
methods to raise the money he lacked. 
The consequences he would suffer soon would be severe. 
Upon returning to Galaxy Villa, Skylar cooked herself a simple dinner. After she was done eating, she went back upstairs to handle the business for her Amazon online shop. 
Before going to bed, she received a WhatsApp message from Joe. “I have a friend who wants your help to select an item that can ward off bad energy. Money is not an issue. 
Skylar thought for a moment and asked, “Is it one of the people we met at the club that day?” 
Joe replied, “Yes, it’s Rowan.” 
At that moment, Joe had just finished his work for the day and was standing by the floor–to–ceiling window. He was gazing at the cityscape. 
Skylar responded, “I can help choose a protective item, but he shouldn’t rely too much on these things. He needs to go to the hospital for a full check–up. I suggest you go too.” 
The corner of Joe’s mouth twitched as he texted back, “I don’t need to.” 
Skylar shot back. “Don’t be too confident in your immunity.” 
Joe raised an eyebrow and found a digital copy of his medical examination report on his phone. He sent 
it to her right away. 
Was she worried abo 
“Are you ready for a good beating?” Skylar rolled up her sleeves and placed her bag aside. 
She got into a fighting stance, poised for a good fight. 
Christopher was surprised at first. Then, he accused, “Skylar, you’ve changed. You’re no longer the kind 
and pure Skylar you used to be!” 
*Kindness doesn’t work for you,” Skylar replied, flexing her wrists and ankles. 
As soon as her words fell, she lifted her foot and kicked. Christopher didn’t expect that Skylar would strike again. He was thrown into a very awkward position by the kick. He almost fell on his butt. 
Clutching his stomach, he looked at Skylar as if she’d deeply hurt his feelings. “You’ve really changed!” 
After kicking him, Skylar walked away and didn’t spare him another glance. In Christopher’s eyes, she had 
become heartless after she fell for someone else. 
Christopher’s eyes reddened further. He swore that Skylar hadn’t seen the last of him yet! 
Ten minutes later, Skylar got in her car and hit the road. What just happened had no effect on her whatsoever. However, Christopher’s shamelessness still somewhat surprised her. 
She had truly been blind back then! Thinking of how haggard Christopher looked just now, she thought he must have been having a hard time lately. With Amelia needing surgery, he must have tried all sorts of methods to raise the money he lacked. 
The consequences he would suffer soon would be severe. 
Upon returning to Galaxy Villa, Skylar cooked herself a simple dinner. After she was done eating, she went back upstairs to handle the business for her Amazon online shop. 
Before going to bed, she received a WhatsApp message from Joe. “I have a friend who wants your help to select an item that can ward off bad energy. Money is not an issue.” 
Skylar thought for a moment and asked, “Is it one of the people we met at the club that day?” 
Joe replied, “Yes, it’s Rowan.” 
At that moment, Joe had just finished his work for the day and was standing by the floor–to–ceiling window. He was gazing at the cityscape. 
Skylar responded, “I can help choose a protective item, but he shouldn’t rely too much on these things. Hel needs to go to the hospital for a full check–up. I suggest you go too.” 
The corner of Joe’s mouth twitched as he texted back, “I don’t need to.” 
Skylar shot back. “Don’t be too confident in your immunity.” 
Joe raised an eyebrow and found a digital copy of his medical examination report on his phone. He sent 
hristopher’s assumption of the man she was with had shifted from Paul to Joe. How had he guessed it?” Are you done? If you are, then get lost,” Skylar said expressionlessly. 
She felt calm seeing him again that day. A scumbag like him wasn’t worthy of eliciting any emotional reactions from within her. 
Christopher’s heart ached like someone was stabbing a knife into his heart gradually. “You used to say you loved me, and that you wanted to marry me. We even made a vow to never be apart in this lifetime. Are you aware that you’re going against our vows now?” 
“Oh, I see. You’ve picked up some acting skills and the ability to twist the facts around after sleeping around with Maisy for so long,” Skylar retorted sarcastically. 
She found that anyone associated with Maisy would become shameless, and they demonstrated the same despicable behavior. 
“I… What happened between Maisy and me isn’t what you think I was deceived by her. She made me think I liked her, but in fact, I’ve always loved you. Skylar, you’ve also made a mistake now. We both trod down the wrong path. 
“I’ll forgive you, and you forgive me, okay? I’m the only one in this world who sincerely cares for you, loves you, and wants to marry you,” Christopher said. 
His eyes were bloodshot as he stared at Skylar. When she looked at him in the past, her eyes were full of love. Now, she looked at him emotionlessly, with nothing but pure coldness and indifference. 
“No, you made an unforgivable mistake. I did not.” Skylar regretted those seven years she spent with him. 
Seven years ago, she was blind when it came to her relationship with Christopher. Of course, she didn’t. care to cling to such disgusting memories. 
The security guard at the entrance noticed their unusual interaction and hurried over. “Ms. Sullivan, do you need help?” 
It’s okay. I just happened to run into a mental patient, Skylar explained with a smile. 
The security guard was relieved to hear this. He glanced at Christopher, nodding lightly. Indeed, he looked like he wasn’t quite right in the head. The security guard thought his relatively good looks were wasted on him. 
“What are you looking at?” Christopher yelled angrily at the security guard. 
The security guard rolled his eyes. “Hurry up and leave. Don’t think I won’t hit you just because you’re sick in the head. If you keep bothering Ms. Sullivan, I’ll beat you up.” 
Skylar knew that these security guards hired by Alexander were all former soldiers. Hence, they were skilled in combat. Beating Christopher up was a piece of cake for them. 
Never could Christopher have Imagined he would be humiliated by a security guard one day. He was 
close to suffering from a mental breakdown 
“Get lost She’s my grifend. Were just having a disagreement Christopher shouted. 
The security guard looked at Skylar. She remained indifferent, looking at Christopher as if he were a stranger Clearly, he wasn’t her boyfnend. The security guard couldn’t help but wonder why there were so many loony people around 
“Solar, we need to have a good tak. This isn’t the place. Shall we go to that fondue restaurant we often 
visit? Christopher calmed down 
Even if he was angry, he couldn’t show it. He still had the drug Maisy gave him. Earlier, he was hesitant about doing this and didnt wish to worsen his relationship with Skylar. 
But now… Skylar would have to blame herself for not listening to him 
“Save your breath, Christopher. When Skylar heard the word “fondue“, she felt nauseous. 
She used to enjoy it because Christopher didnt have much money. Thus, having fondue became the most extravagant dining option for them. 
No, Sige. I can’t let go. I never agreed to break up. You don’t want to cause a scene at your workplace, do you? If you don’t want that, then come with me,” Christopher said, regaining his calm. 
His emotions returned to how they were before. He wanted Skylar to remember the good memories they 
shared 
###chapter195
Joe suddenly asked, “Grandma wants you and me to go for a preconception check–up, Skylar. Will you go? 
Skylar knew it was impossible for Joe and her to get to the stage of having a baby. But since Gloria 
suggested it, she simply responded with an “Okay“. 
She was putting on an act, so she should do her part diligently and sincerely. She would strive to make Gloria happy every day for these three years. 
Joe looked at her response with a pensive look in his eyes. He forgot all about the lit cigarette that he held between his fingers. 
When Gloria suggested that he and Skylar should undergo a preconception check–up, he didn’t feel resistant toward it at all. On the contrary, he thought that if he were to have a child with Skylar, it wouldn’t 
be a bad idea. 
There weren’t many women whom he didn’t dislike in this world. He had better discuss this with Skylar after he went back. Thinking of that, he snuffed out the cigarette. 
Just then, Rowan called. “Damn! I almost hooked up with that female celebrity Marcus had been with. My friend from the hospital told me she’s confirmed to have AIDS. 
“Fuck! I don’t know if she infected Marcus or if Marcus infected her! I haven’t been able to sleep a wink 
since yesterday. 
“Oh, by the way, is Skylar really that amazing? Did she figure this out herself? Have you told her? Ask her to get me a protective item. Money is not an issue as long as it works.” 
The way Rowan’s speech sped up indicated his shock and astonishment. After he was done prattling, he realized that he had been talking by himself the whole time and hadn’t given Joe a chance to speak. 
“If you want to rely on her abilities, then you should trust her. Otherwise, you can find someone else,” Joe replied calmly. 
Rowan didn’t dare to say that he didn’t trust Skylar. Since she was someone Joe trusted, he would be challenging Joe’s judgment if he expressed doubt. 
“I can’t trust anyone else,” Rowan said, feeling much calmer now. “Marcus has been fooling around too much lately. He even attended a party at a villa the other day. Luckily, I’m not fond of that kind of scene. I’d better be celibate for the time being.” 
Many households in Jipsburg would soon start to panic. The entertainment industry would be in chaos too. With so many people falling victim to AIDS at the same time, one could imagine the extent of the 
turmoil. 
Skylar had just entered the Gardner Group building when her phone rang. 
“Skye, I heard a juicy piece of gossip,” Natalie said in a deliberately hushed tone. 
“Oh? What gossip?” Skylar asked with a smile. 
“Last night, my husband and his friends were talking on the phone. There’s a person in their circle who contracted AIDS from sleeping around with women. Now, many people are going to the hospital for check -ups. Many female celebrities and models are involved. 
“If it weren’t for Jeremy being faithful to me and having eyes for me only, I might also worry about his health. But to ensure there won’t be unwanted surprises, I had him undergo a check–up too. He just finished the check–up and went to the company. I’m waiting for the results here.” 
Natalie had absolute trust in her husband. 
“It’s good to have regular check–ups,” Skylar remarked smilingly. 
She suddenly thought of the two female celebrities she saw at the club that day. They were both A– listers in the entertainment industry. If Marcus passed the disease to them too, the entertainment industry would have a storm brewing on the horizon. 
If there were paparazzi with keen noses who caught a whiff of this news, Jipsburg would be very lively 
soon. 
“I think so too. It just so happens that we’re planning to have a baby. I’ve just had a preconception check- up,” Natalie said. 
Her tone showed how much she was looking forward to having children. 
Skylar recalled what Joe said yesterday and casually asked, “Is the preconception check–up complicated? 
“Not really. It’s just some routine checks. My husband wants to see the viability of his sperm, and I looked it up…” Natalie told her the check–ups included in des 
Skylar nodded as she listened. “It turns out having a child isn’t so simple.” 
Natalie chuckled and said, “Of course not. Since we’ve decided to have a baby and become parents, we need to make serious preparations and ensure our bodies are in the best condition to have a healthy baby. 
“I believe you’re all set to be a mother now, Natty.” Skylar felt that time flew by very quickly. 
In the blink of an eye, they had graduated from college for almost a year. 
Natalie laughed along and said, “I can’t imagine what it would be like for me to be a mother. Oh, the report is ready. I need to talk to the doctor. After that, I’ll go get some takeout and take it to my husband’s office. I’m going to surprise him!” 
###chapter196
An hour later, Natalie appeared at Jeremy’s company. 
She rarely visited the company, fearing that she would disturb Jeremy’s work. The last time she came was before she and Jeremy got married. The receptionist was a new lady, and she didn’t recognize 
Natalie. 
When she mentioned she was Mrs. Hughes, the receptionist seemed somewhat surprised. 
‘Mrs. Hughes? Ah, wait a moment. Let me… Let me ask Ms. Green where Mr. Hughes is now.” The receptionist seemed a bit flustered. 
Natalie frowned, thinking that the current receptionist was not as professional as the previous one. 
She said, “There’s no need to ask anyone. I’ll go up myself. If he’s in a meeting, I’ll wait in his office and won’t disrupt his work.” 
Also, who was Ms. Green? Did Jeremy hire a new secretary? She didn’t remember him mentioning anything about this. He rarely talked to her about work matters, and she rarely inquired. 
Although she seldom visited the company, she knew which floor Jeremy’s office was on. So, she took the elevator herself. After she got into the elevator, the receptionist immediately made a phone call, 
unbeknownst to her. 
Jeremy’s office was on the top floor. He didn’t like being disturbed when he was working, and the top floor was the quietest. Under Jeremy’s leadership, the Hughes‘ company had doubled in size compared to 
before. 
Nowadays, the Hughes family was one of the most prestigious families in Jipsburg. 
Thinking of how capable Jeremy was, Natalie felt proud. He was her husband, after all! The thought of Jeremy being her husband filled Natalie’s heart with happiness. 
Soon, the elevator reached the top floor. The moment the elevator doors opened, Natalie saw a tall and beautiful woman right before her. Her ordinary white shirt added a hint of allure to her beauty. 
Natalie was momentarily dazzled. She herself was quite pretty too, so she didn’t feel inferior in any way because whether a figure was attractive was subjective to the eye of the beholder. 
Annabelle gave Natalie a once–over discreetly. In her eyes, she had that typical proud look of a woman who was aware of her attractiveness. 
She greeted Natalie, “Hello.” 
Natalie smiled and greeted her back as she made her way to Jeremy’s office with the takeout. 
Annabelle stood in the elevator and looked disdainfully at Natalie’s retreating back. It was no wonder Jeremy was so voracious in bed. Natalie couldn’t satisfy him at all. 
They got married simply because they were bosom friends and due to the elders of their family Natalle was the only one who thought that Jeremy married her out of love. 
Annabelle looked down at her stockings. She felt somewhat annoyed that they were torn again. Fortunately, she always had an extra pair in her bag. 
Natalie knocked on the door. After hearing the familiar “come in“, she walked in. 
“Hi, my dear husband! Surprise!” 
Jeremy looked at Natalie with a smile. “Do you have the results of the check–up?” 
“Yes. You’re extremely healthy, Mr. Hughes. So, our child will be very healthy too.” Natalie placed the takeout on the table and took out the check–up report from her bag. 
She added, “We can have a child whenever we want now.” 
Jeremy walked over to Natalie and hugged her. “Good. We’ll be having a child of our own.” 
The moment Natalie was pulled into his embrace, she felt pure bliss. 
###chapter197
Suddenly, Natalie frowned. “Honey, why do I smell perfume on you?” 
The scent of this perfume seemed familiar. She felt like she had just smelled it. 
Jeremy pursed his lips. “Do I? It must be the perfume the secretary was wearing. We happened to be in the same elevator this morning.” 
“There was a beautiful woman who just walked out. Is she your new secretary?” Natalie didn’t dwell on it, but she didn’t like the scent of this perfume. 
If she wasn’t confident that Jeremy only had eyes for her, she would definitely resent Jeremy for hiring a secretary who was even prettier than her. 
Jeremy responded with a faint “Yeah.” 
Considering Jeremy’s indifferent attitude toward his secretary, Natalie decided not to think too much. 
She smiled and said, “Don’t be so aloof toward your employees, Mr. Hughes. What if you scare them 
away?” 
“Isn’t it a good thing that I’m only gentle to you?” Jeremy ruffled Natalie’s hair dotingly. 
Natalie couldn’t help but laugh. “Of course! I’m a jealous woman. I get green with envy easily. My husband 
is so handsome. I think many women have their eyes on you.” 
“Don’t worry. Even if others have their eyes on me, it’s useless.” Jeremy chuckled. 
Natalie’s heart swelled with joy at his words. “Me too. You can rest assured that there are many people pursuing me, but I don’t fancy any of them. I only have eyes for you, Mr. Hughes!” 
“If anyone else pursues you, tell them you’re Mrs. Hughes and order them to scram,” Jeremy remarked. 
coldly. 
Seeing that Jeremy was jealous, Natalie giggled mischievously. “I’m just teasing you. I’ve already announced on my social media that I’m married. Who would dare pursue a married woman?” 
Jeremy’s tense expression eased slightly. 
After work, Skylar was about to go to Pearlhall Residence to keep Gloria company. 
But then, she received a photo sent by an ex–classmate. That classmate happened to pass by Steven’s workplace and saw the scene at the entrance. 
Christopher was blocking Steven’s way and kneeling down in front of him. 
The photo was quite straightforward. She could see Steven’s shock and how Christopher was humbling 
himself. 
Skylar couldn’t believe that Christopher had gone to pester Steven. She took a deep breath, gripping the 
steering wheel tightly. Then, she made a U–turn decisively. 
There was no traffic on the road, so she arrived fairly quickly at the technology company where Steven 
worked. 
At this moment, Steven was looking at Christopher indifferently. They were surrounded by a crowd who had gathered to see what was going on. 
“Help me, Steven. I beg you. Skylar and I have been together for so many years. We can’t just end our relationship like this,” Christopher pleaded. 
He didn’t expect Steven to remain unmoved. He had been talking for almost half an hour while being surrounded by so many people. In addition, he brought several classmates to help. They all urged Steven to help Christopher, but Steven refused to relent. 
Steven’s stance was very firm. “You can’t force matters of the heart. You and Skylar are no longer meant to be together. You didn’t cherish her when you had her. It’s too late to come crying now. 
“Christopher, no matter what you say or how many people you bring to help you, I will still say the same thing I won’t agree for Skylar to be with you.” 
Moreover, Skylar was already married. She had arranged for him to meet his brother–in–law in a few more 
days. 
Having experienced Christopher’s betrayal, Steven decided to give his brother–in–law a stern warning when he met him. He would make it known that he would protect Skylar at all costs and not let her suffer 
anymore. 
Christopher lowered his head, his eyes filled with malice. 
“Don’t be so unsympathetic. Christopher and Skylar have been together for so many years. They were the golden couple back in school. Weren’t they about to get married? They shouldn’t break up so readily over a trivial matter,” a male ex–classmate spoke up. 
Others also joined in to persuade Steven. 
Seeing them guilt–tripping Steven from a moral high ground, Skylar couldn’t just stand by any longer. With brisk steps, she walked over to them. 
###chapter198
Pushing through the crowd, Skylar arrived before Christopher. 
“Skye…” 
Steven felt a bit worried when he saw Skylar. Why was she here? Looking at the ex–classmates 
surrounding them, he knew for sure that Christopher had instructed them to inform Skylar. Witnessing Christopher’s shamelessness firsthand made him realize even more that Skylar had been deceived by him all those years. 
At the mention of “Skye“, a flicker of anticipation flashed in Christopher’s eyes. 
Finally, she had come! 
He immediately turned around. “Skye, you finally came. I’ve been waiting for you. I know you don’t really 
want to break up with me, right?” 
Christopher portrayed the expression of a loyal, loving man vividly. Skylar realized why he had managed to deceive her so convincingly in her previous life. It was because he was very good at acting. 
She had been na?ve and inexperienced, never having seen the evil side of human nature. Otherwise, she wouldn’t have been so thoroughly deceived and hurt. 
Of course, there were also those so–called relatives who were like demons. They completely reshaped her understanding of human nature too. If it hadn’t been for Janine and Steven, as well
as Viola, Gloria, and George being kind to her, her heart might have been completely distorted. 
‘Christopher, I know you have no shame, but I never expected you to be utterly shameless,” Skylar said as 
she stood beside Steven. 
Christopher’s strained facial muscles twitched slightly as he feigned deep affection. “Skye, I don’t understand. Did my poverty really put you off? Are you not willing to share weal and woe with me? 
“They all say you’re a mistress. That person can give you immense wealth, but he can’t give you love or 
marriage!” 
He wasn’t stupid; he knew he couldn’t mention Joe’s name. If he did, he would get into trouble. He knew he wouldn’t be able to bear the consequences. He didn’t believe Joe would marry Skylar, as her background would not be up to his standards. 
“Skylar is a kept woman?” 
“Why is Christopher trying to win her back, then? What spurred him to do this?” 
“Skylar is pretty. It isn’t surprising that she became a mistress. No wonder she doesn’t want to be with Christopher. We ordinary folks, with a measly monthly salary, barely have any money left after paying rent. I’d also like to have a sugar mommy support me.” 
“Are women nowadays all so materialistic ? I used to think Skylar wasn’t that kind of person, but now it seems women are all the same. There’s no difference! None of them would endure hardships with a man. 
“Are there no good women left in this world?” 
Listening to these people slander Skylar, Steven rolled up his sleeves and glared at them fiercely. “Say that again and see what happens.” 
“They can say whatever they like. Only incapable people would slander others just to vent their 
frustrations. Steven, there’s no need to waste your breath on them. They’re not worth it.” Skylar’s voice was icy, and she showed no sign of panic. 
Then, she looked at Christopher mockingly. “You booked a hotel room with Maisy and went shopping with her everywhere. Are you trying to deceive yourself or deceive me by playing a little trick like this? 
“Now that you’ve wrongly accused me of being a mistress, do you feel better? You’re despicable and shameless. If you dare to spread rumors again, I’ll take you to the police station and sue you until you become bankrupt. Do you want that? 
“Steven, record a video for me. Record the faces of all those who dared to spread rumors here today. For every accusation, I’ll file a lawsuit and make them pay. I’ll give them a taste of what it’s like to be the defendant in court and lose money.” 
Steven didn’t take out his phone but pointed to the nearby camera. “Everything that just happened has been recorded by the ultra–high–definition camera. We can hear whatever they’ve said loud and clear.” Skylar had toughened up, but it saddened Steven to see this. 
###chapter199
Christopher looked at Skylar in shock. “You… Are you serious?” 
He wasn’t sure if what Maisy told him was true or not at this point. Skylar didn’t seem like a mistress. 
She hit him yesterday, and now she was expressing her intention to sue him. 
Christopher stared at Skylar and found her unfamiliar. He remembered the previous Skylar would unconditionally believe him no matter what he said. 
This gave him the confidence that even if she caught him in bed with Malsy, she would still believe him after he explained. But now…. 
“Why are you still pestering me after we broke up? I don’t think you want me back. You just want my money, don’t you? Save your breath, Christopher. I’ll have to hand it to you for managing to scam all that money from me in the past using various ways. 
“But if you try to do that again, I’ll make sure you rot in prison,” Skylar warned icily. 
The ex–classmates who came to help Christopher were long intimidated by the threat of being sued. They feared that the surveillance camera had recorded what they said that could be used against them. 
Silently, without saying a word, they slipped away. Under Steven’s piercing and frigid gaze, the other onlookers felt that they should stop being busybodies there too. 
In just a few minutes, Christopher was left alone. He felt helpless. 
Christopher regretted his actions deeply. “Skylar, trust me. I will treat you well in the future, and I will never hurt you again. It doesn’t make sense for you not to give me another chance.” 
He couldn’t understand how she could be so cold–hearted and resolute. 
Steven took out his phone and said coldly, “Say one more word, and I’ll call the police right now.” 
“Call the police, Steven. He harassed me yesterday, and now he’s bothering you. Who knows what he’ll do next? It’s necessary for the police to teach him a lesson now.” Skylar looked at Christopher with a smirk, but her words were directed at Steven. 
Christopher’s face turned pale, and he looked gloomy. “Skylar, are you sure you won’t regret this?” 
*Regret, my foot!” Steven cursed angrily. He couldn’t understand how Christopher seemed to have no 
sense of shame at all. 
Skylar sneered in silence. 
Christopher gritted his teeth. “There are too many misunderstandings between us now. My mother is undergoing surgery soon. After her surgery, we really should have a good talk. 
“I don’t want our relationship to be built on misunderstandings. I’m sorry for causing you trouble today, 17 treat you to dinner as an apology.” 
“There’s no need for dinner or apologies. Just leave,” Steven said, driving him away. 
He understood now that Christopher could be utterly shameless or super earnest when trying to get his way. Now, he was admitting his mistakes with a heartfelt attitude. It was a waste for him to
expound his energy on chasing after a woman with his Machiavellian abilities. 
Christopher was a scumbag through and through. 
Steven said to Skylar, “Everything he says is nonsense. Don’t believe him. Every word he says has a purpose. Once he achieves his goal, he’ll betray you all the same.” 
He was a bit worried. 
“Don’t worry, Steven. I’m already married, how could I still have lingering feelings for him? He’s not worth it,” Skylar replied with a smile. 
“That’s good,” Steven said, sighing in relief. 
Joe entered the hotel with long strides, followed by Paul. The two had just finished their work and returned to the hotel. 
They had to catch a flight back to Jipsburg early tomorrow morning. 
“Mr. Martin!” A cloying voice that raised goosebumps sounded from somewhere in the lobby. 
###chapter200
Paul shivered, as he hadn’t heard such a pretentious voice in a long time. By reflex, he turned his head to see who it was. When he saw who it was, he was stunned. Why was Maisy here? 
Joe glanced over too. 
Seeing Joe looking at her, Maisy thought all that waiting was worth it. She approached him quickly, her high heels clacking. 
“Mr. Martin, what a coincidence.” 
She arrived at the hotel the previous night, but it was too late to go knocking on Joe’s door, especially since he was staying in the presidential suite. So, she couldn’t enter. 
She had set an alarm for 8:00 am that morning. She had been waiting since then until she finally 
walk through the entrance. 
y saw. 
Joe 
She had already reapplied her makeup four or five times by then. Fortunately, her efforts paid off, as he appeared at long last 
There was a flicker of disdain in Joe’s cold eyes. Paul, who was standing beside Joe, had keenly sensed 
his boss‘ disgust. He could tell that Joe disliked Maisy from the first time he saw her. 
However, Maisy seemed to be oblivious to his obvious aversion to her. 
“Is there something you need, Ms. Williams?” Paul asked 
Maisy was somewhat displeased with Paul Couldn’t he see that she was talking to Joe? Why was he 
interrupting? 
With a polite smile, Maisy said gracefully, “I think it’s wonderful that I happened to bump into you here. There have been some misunderstandings between us in the past few encounters. I think I should explain myself and clear the air. I want to talk about Skylar too” 
Upon hearing that, Paul frowned. Was Maisy trying to stir up trouble again? Did she really think he hadn’t. investigated her or her family thoroughly? 
He knew all about them, and so did Joe. Only Maisy was in the dark. 
Maisy thought that she was the princess, and everyone would revolve around her. Her family, her parents, 
and her brothers all revolved around her. So, she assumed Joe would naturally do the same too. 
As long as she put in some effort, she would eventually have him eating out of her palm. 
“You handle it,” Joe said and went straight to the elevator. 
Maisy wanted to stop him from leaving, but she couldn’t. 
“Mr. Martin, Skylar has deceived you!” she shouted anxiously. 
She was sure Joe had heard her, but why didn’t he respond to her? 
After Joe got into the elevator, Paul looked at Maisy and said, “You can just tell me whatever you want to say. What did Ms. Sullivan do to deceive my boss?” 
Maisy bit her lip, feeling displeased. Had Skylar bewitched Joe or put him under a spell? Why wouldn’t he 
listen to her? 
Judging from how Joe was giving her the cold shoulder, Maisy assumed that Skylar had been talking bad about her behind her back. 
“Does Mr. Martin know that Skylar has a boyfriend?” Maisy asked. 
Paul raised an eyebrow. He was curious as to what Maisy knew. Previously, she misunderstood him and Skylar. Now, she was implicating Joe. 
“What does that have to do with anything?” Paul posed a vague question. 
“Of course, it matters! If Mr. Martin knew that Skylar had a boyfriend and continued to be with her, wouldn’t he have become the third party in their relationship? If he doesn’t know about that, then Skylar has deceived him. 
“Even if Mr. Martin only sees Skylar as a casual lover and nothing more, he still needs to know the truth. Moreover, Skylar is from the Williams family. If she did this, it would bring shame to our family and 
embarrass us too. 
“If she offends Mr. Martin, we will suffer as well,” Maisy explained with a frown, her voice tight with 
impatience. 

###chapter201
Paul couldn’t contain his laughter. Maisy must be out of her mind if she thought her shallow excuses would work.
“And another thing,” Maisy declared confidently, “Skylar must have badmouthed the Williams family to Mr. Martin. That’s why the Martin Group refuses to work with us. Our company has taken a serious hit and might even go bankrupt. I need to get to the bottom of this.”
Paul chuckled. “Ms. Williams, how did you find out where Mr. Martin was?”
Maisy froze, and panic flickered in her eyes. “I just happened to run into him. There’s no rule saying I can’t stay at this hotel, is there?”
Paul looked at her as if she were a fool. “Do you think I can’t trace the investigator you hired? Don’t act like a smartass. If you harass Mr. Martin again, the Williamses will be finished.” His smile vanished, replaced by a chilling assertiveness.
Maisy’s face turned ashen as Paul strode toward the elevator, leaving her dejected. Seething with resentment, she sent a manipulative voice message to Janine, feigning regret to regain a foothold in the family. Despite her doubts, Janine agreed to meet.
Later, Paul messaged Skylar about Maisy’s presence. Skylar frowned; Maisy was like a persistent leech. To counter her, Skylar asked Paul for a reliable private detective. Once she had the number, Skylar set her plan in motion.
As she lay back, Skylar’s mind drifted to her past life. She remembered the sheer frailty she had endured, and how Maisy had used every psychological tactic to break her spirit. Back then, Maisy had even dabbled in dangerous, illicit substances she picked up from shady corners to torment those around her. Eventually, Maisy had accidentally ruined herself with those very same substances.
In this life, Skylar decided to expose Maisy’s illicit activities step by step. The "butterfly effect" of her rebirth had already changed things—Christopher, who was once inseparable from Maisy, was now relentlessly pursuing Skylar instead.
At the airport, Maisy spotted Joe again but was deterred by Paul’s cold stare. “I’ll make sure you lose everything!” she cursed under her breath.
Meanwhile, Alexander received a frantic call from his butler and hurried home. He was worried about Caleb, who hadn’t left his room for days. When Alexander finally entered, he was shocked by the scene. Caleb was lying on his bed, surrounded by a mountain of open books, his expression one of pure academic frustration.

###chapter202
How did Paul figure out that Maisy had obtained Joe’s whereabouts from someone else? No wonder Charles had warned her not to underestimate Paul. It seemed that no one Joe kept by his side was simple.
“Really? Do you think I can’t trace your information to whichever investigator you hired?” Paul looked at Maisy as if she were a fool. “Don’t act like a smartass. If you harass Mr. Martin again, the Williamses will be doomed.”
His smile vanished, replaced by a chilling assertiveness. Maisy’s face turned ashen. She hadn’t expected her plan to be exposed so quickly. “You’ve all been deceived by Skylar!” she snapped, her voice trembling with rage.
Paul had no interest in continuing this farce. He strode toward the elevator, leaving Maisy dejected. Flabbergasted and seething with resentment, Maisy bit her lip. “Skylar, I swear I won’t let you have the last laugh. So what if Joe is backing you now?”
Maisy took out her phone and found Janine’s number. With a condescending sneer, she sent a manipulative voice message. “Mom, I’ve realized how wrong I was. Please forgive me. If you have time this weekend, I’d like to visit you.” Janine, feeling conflicted as a biological mother, eventually replied and agreed to meet.
Back in his room, Paul took a shower and sent a message to Skylar: “Maisy followed Mr. Martin to the hotel. She might suspect you’re with him, but she doesn't know about the marriage yet.”
Skylar frowned. Maisy was like a persistent, sickening leech. “Mr. Ziegler, can you recommend a reliable private investigator?” she texted back. Once she had the number, Skylar called the detective immediately to set her plan in motion.
As she lay on her bed, her mind drifted to her past life. She remembered being bedridden and frail, while Maisy had tormented her with scandalous revelations. In that past life, Maisy had even involved herself with illicit, controlled substances she obtained from shady back-alley dealers.
Skylar wondered if Maisy had started using those substances in this life yet. Initially, she had planned to wait for the Williams family’s bankruptcy, but now she decided to move faster. She would expose Maisy’s illegal transactions and send her to ruin step by step.
Interestingly, the "butterfly effect" of Skylar’s rebirth had changed things; Christopher, who was once inseparable from Maisy, was now relentlessly pursuing Skylar instead.
The next day, Maisy spotted Joe at the airport. She considered approaching him but hesitated when she saw Paul’s cold stare. “Fucking Skylar!” she cursed under her breath. “I’ll make sure you lose everything!”
Meanwhile, Alexander received a frantic call from his butler and hurried home. He was worried about Caleb, who hadn’t left his room or eaten for days. Alexander knocked twice on the door.
“Come in,” Caleb’s voice sounded from inside. Alexander opened the door and was shocked by the scene. Caleb was lying on his bed, surrounded by a mountain of open books.

###chapter203
Caleb’s hair had grown long and unruly, resembling a bird’s nest. His eyes remained glued to his book, and he seemed entirely oblivious to the world around him.
“What’s going on here?” Alexander asked, sensing that something was fundamentally off. He had seen Caleb act out and slack off many times, but he had never seen the boy this serious—almost like a bookworm. He wondered if this was truly his grandson.
Caleb scratched his head and looked at Alexander, tears welling up in his eyes. “Grandpa, it’s too difficult! It’s so complicated! I just can’t grasp this stuff!”
Caleb had convinced himself that if he forced himself to study, he would eventually understand. After all, he carried Alexander’s blood in his veins. He remembered being somewhat intelligent as a child, so why did he feel so clueless now? His eyes ached and his head throbbed from the exertion, yet the concepts remained out of reach.
Alexander was taken back at first, then walked over with a heavy sigh. “Did you lock yourself in here for days just to read these? You won't understand everything without someone to guide you. If you could, you’d be a prodigy! If you really want to learn, I’ll arrange for a tutor to start teaching you from the basics tomorrow.”
“Starting from the basics? When will I ever be ready to date Skylar then?” Caleb felt a wave of defeat wash over him.
Alexander rolled his eyes. “Didn’t John make it clear? Stop daydreaming. You’re not in the same league as Skylar.”
“You’re all looking down on me!” Caleb shouted in frustration. He believed he was worthy of her, and the more they doubted him, the harder he intended to try.

Meanwhile, Skylar had dinner with Gloria at Pearlhall Residence. Afterward, they settled in to watch a popular variety show together.
“Joe will be back tonight. I’ve asked Edgar to schedule an appointment at the hospital for you two tomorrow,” Gloria said casually.
Gloria knew these two "worrisome kids" needed a little push. She feared they might never move forward if she didn't intervene. To her, a shared check-up was the perfect way to bring them closer. She knew Joe well—if he didn't want to go, he would have refused. His agreement was a sign that he harbored genuine feelings for Skylar.
Earlier that afternoon, Alexander had called Gloria to mention his own high opinion of Skylar and Caleb's infatuation. He was still reeling from the shock of learning Skylar had grown up with Viola. Alexander had even lamented that Joe wouldn't have stood a chance if his own sons had provided him with grandchildren earlier.
Gloria, however, remained confident. Even if Caleb had been born years sooner, she doubted he would ever be as handsome or capable as Joe.
“Alright, Grandma. Joe mentioned it to me. I’ll take the day off tomorrow,” Skylar nodded. She hadn't had a proper check-up in a while and figured she could use the opportunity.
“Joe might seem stern, but he’s far better than the first male contestant on this show,” Gloria said, shaking her head at the screen. “Look at that guy—sweet-talking one girl one day, then cooking for another the next.”
“Well, Joe would never do that,” Gloria continued, praising her grandson to secure Skylar’s future. “Once he sets his sights on someone, that’s it for life!”
Skylar smiled and agreed. “He really is different. Even the other contestants can’t compare to him.”
Joe had previously assured her he had nothing to do with Annie. While Skylar had been skeptical at first, recent events had proven that he truly didn't care about Annie's feelings.
As soon as she finished speaking, a deep, familiar voice resonated behind her.
“Do you really think that highly of me?”
Joe had arrived just in time to catch her praise. Skylar’s smile froze. She turned around in shock to find Joe standing there, his expression unreadable. Just how long had he been standing there?

###chapter204
“Skye’s just being polite. You need to work harder!” Gloria stepped in to spare Skylar’s blushes. 
Joe walked over and sat directly beside Skylar. 
He casually glanced at the TV. The variety show featured men and women mingling. and flirting over dinner. 
In his eyes, none of the male contestants could compare to him, and of course, none of the women could compare to Skylar. 
Gloria noticed how naturally Joe sat beside Skylar, and she gave him a knowing wink. 
When had they become so close? Gloria had seen through Joe’s earlier pretense, but now he seemed different. He clearly enjoyed being near Skylar. 
After all, at Joe’s age, all young men were probably thinking about women and looking for a companion. It seemed he had also finally reached that point. 
Skylar, who had been casually discussing the show with Gloria, now felt self- conscious with Joe sitting so close to her. 
Gloria glanced at the clock and shooed them away. “It’s getting late. You two should head home. You guys have an early appointment tomorrow. Don’t stay up too late tonight.” 
“Alright.” Both of them nodded. 
As they left, Gloria turned to Edgar and said, “Do you think I can have a great- grandchild by next year?” 
“Yes, I suppose. You can see that Mr. Martin has feelings for Mrs. Martin,” Edgar replied. 
On top of being older and more experienced, Edgar had watched Joe grow up. So, he knew that Joe wouldn’t/speak unnecessarily. 
But earlier, Joe’s gaze had been fixed on Skylar, and he had even teased her–a clear sign of interest. 
However, it remained to be seen how Joe viewed his own feelings. 
Gloria chuckled. “I agree. By the way, keep an eye on the Silver family. If they up with schemes to disrupt Joe and Skylar’s relationship, let me know.” 
Gloria hadn’t expected to have to worry about Joe’s love life at this age. 
come 
“Don’t worry, Mrs. Martin Senior. I believe Mr. Martin has already dealt with it. I’ve seen Ms. Silver before, though. She seemed smart and was working as a TV host. 
“She should have had a better wit, but her actions were disappointing,” Edgar said. 
Rumors had circulated before, but Edgar hadn’t paid much attention to them or informed Gloria about them. In Jipsburg City, many sought connections with the Martin family, but few had been this bold. 
“I will never forgive them if they ruin Joe and Skylar’s relationship!” Gloria huffed. 
Skylar and Joe went back home together, Joe drove her car while a driver took his car back for him. 
Exhausted from the day’s events, Skylar dozed off shortly after exchanging a few words with Joe. 
Joe didn’t realize it and continued talking. He even suggested that Skylar should consider their marriage. He mentioned that they could continue being together if they found each other suitable. 
But when he got no response, he glanced over and realized that Skylar was asleep.. 
He felt a sense of contentment as he watched Skylar sleep so peacefully. 
A thought suddenly flashed in his mind. Maybe this was better. They didn’t need to be passionately in love. 
After all, Skylar had experienced the highs of young love, only for it to end in heartbreak. Perhaps their marriage could be lasting and stable without the 
distractions of love. 
###chapter205
Skylar was still asleep when they arrived at Galaxy Villa. 
Joe didn’t wake her up. Instead, he gazed at her, and his usually cold eyes softened as he took in her serene face. 
Skylar’s rosy lips looked incredibly tempting in the moonlight. Joe felt a slight 
tightness in his chest and pursed his lips. 
Skylar wasn’t sleeping comfortably, so she adjusted her posture. Slowly, she blinked her eyes, rousing from her slumber. 
“Did I fall asleep?” she asked, her voice groggy. 
Joe found her disoriented state endearing and couldn’t help but respond gently, “Yes. 
Skylar frowned slightly. “I think I heard you saying something, but I was too drowsy to really catch it. I’m sorry.” 
Skylar felt frustrated with herself. The past few days had been exhausting; she had been working on restoring Frank’s painting, which had left her with little time to rest. 
Sitting in the car with Joe driving had made it too easy for her to drift off. She couldn’t recall exactly what Joe had said, but his tone had suggested that it was something important. 
After Skylar sincerely apologized, Joe found it hard to bring up the serious. conversation he had planned. It seemed too practical for the moment. 
Given their age difference, Skylar might not take it well right now. Joe then decided 
to swallow his words and wait for a better time. 
“It’s nothing. That fake heiress from the Williams family came to see me yesterday,” Joe said, unbuckling Skylar’s seatbelt. 
Skylar noticed Joe’s thoughtfulness and felt a bit surprised. But her attention quickly shifted to Maisy. 
She frowned. She was worried that Joe might get swayed by Maisy’s charms, just 
like the Williams family. After all, Maisy had a knack for portraying herself as an innocent, vulnerable victim. 
“The Williamses are astonishingly dumb. Who would’ve thought they’d fall for such shallow ploys?” Joe continued. 
Skylar was taken aback. “Don’t you find her delicate and feel the urge to protect her?” 
Joe frowned. “No, I don’t.” Even as a child, he had easily been able to see through such manipulative acts. By now, they were trivial. 
Skylar gave him a thumbs–up. “You’re amazing!” 
Joe’s eyes lingered on her cheerful expression and her slender fingers. For a fleeting moment, his thoughts wandered. 
His real prowess wasn’t about not being deceived. It was something else entirely- the kind of skills that could be shown in bed. 
Being able to see through Maisy’s petty schemes wasn’t something that should be complimented. 
As Joe’s thoughts wandered, Skylar had already stepped out of the car. He followed suit. 
Over the past few weeks, they had grown accustomed to spending time alone. Back at the villa, they each headed to their rooms to shower and rest. 
Although Skylar was yawning, she couldn’t sleep without handling her Amazon shop. orders first. Just as she was wrapping up, Joe’s message popped up on her phone. 
“Did you forget what you promised me?” 
Skylar was perplexed. What had she promised Joe? They hadn’t really talked on the way back. Had she agreed to something in her half–asleep state? 
Then, Skylar remembered her promise belatedly. 
###chapter206
Skylar and Joe had struck a deal. She had asked him to help deal with the Williams family, and in return, she would give him head massages to relieve his headaches. 
With Joe away on a business trip and her busy schedule, she had completely forgotten her promise. 
Feeling a bit guilty, she immediately put down her phone and got out of bed to knock on Joe’s door. 
As soon as her knuckles touched the wood, the door opened. 
Joe, almost a head taller than Skylar, looked down as he opened the door. This was the first time Skylar had knocked on his door. 
Even though they lived under the same roof, they had their own rooms and seldom intruded on each other’s space. This was a first. 
Joe’s room’s interior design reflected his cold, minimalist personality while still blending well with the overall style of Galaxy Villa. 
“Sorry, I got busy and forgot. Is now a good time?” she asked. 
Joe’s gaze held an unreadable depth as he nodded and stepped aside, allowing her 
1. in. Then, he headed toward the bed. 
Skylar hesitated, wondering if she was supposed to give him a head massage in his 
room. 
But she quickly reassured herself that Joe harbored no romantic interest in her. That 
eased her fears, and she followed him into the room. 
“You tend to fall asleep whenever I give you a massage. So, you can lie in bed while I sit beside you. I’ll turn off the lights for you when I’m done.” 
Skylar saw a chair nearby that could be positioned near the bed. She was about to lift 
it, but Joe took it from her. 
“I got it,” he said. 
“Thanks,” she replied. 
As Joe positioned the chair, a question bothered him. Did Skylar feel so safe around. him that she had no qualms about being alone in his room? 
Did she trust him that much? Or did she just not see him that way at all? Joe’s eyes. darkened at the thought. 
Skylar 
r was oblivious to the shift in his mood. It wasn’t until she settled into the chair that she realized Joe hadn’t takep his place beside her. So, she turned to look at him. 
Joe was staring at her with an intensity that made her pause. 
“Is something wrong?” Skylar asked. 
She was confused. Why did Joe seem different ever since he had gotten back from 
his trip? He seemed more enigmatic. 
Joe gazed deeply at Skylar and shook his head slightly. “Nothing.” 
Half an hour later, Joe was sound asleep, and his breathing was calm and steady. 
Unable to resist admiring his chiseled features, Skylar couldn’t help but watch him. for a moment. Even as a woman, she couldn’t deny a twinge of envy. 
Joe lost some of his intimidating demeanor when he was asleep. He appeared more like a gentle, approachable guy next door. 
Skylar smiled. She might have found herself completely captivated by Joe if she hadn’t been so deeply wounded by Christopher before. 
As she realized her wandering thoughts, Skylar swiftly rose from the chair. After stretching her arms and back, she quietly turned off the lights and left the room. 
Just as the door clicked shut behind Skylar, Joe’s eyes snapped open. 
His gaze, as intense as the darkness beyond the window, lingered for a fleeting. moment before he let out a chilling chuckle. 
###chapter207
Joe thought that Skylar really had no interest in him. 
The next morning, Janine rushed to Jubilance Hotel. She hurried along while. glancing at her watch; it was almost 8:30 am. 
Traffic had been a nightmare, and even the buses had been stuck in the jam. She had realized that she only had a few minutes left before she would be late. 
Janine hated being late and usually arrived ten minutes early. Thus, she had decided to jog the last stretch to the hotel. 
Yet, someone blocked Janine’s path as she was about to enter the hotel. In her rush, she hadn’t noticed anyone standing nearby. 
Startled, she looked up to see Sadie, and her expression immediately turned cold. 
“Excuse me,” she said coldly. 
After she recognized Sadie, Janine’s mood soured further. Each encounter with 
Sadie had been unpleasant, and Janine had low expectations for her character. Thus, this meeting seemed far from coincidental. 
“Mrs. Williams, please step aside. I’m late for work.” Janine’s expression was stern. 
Sadie looked at Janine, taking in her cleaning uniform with barely concealable 
disdain. Though Sadie tried to hide it, Janine could see it clearly in her gaze. 
Janine knew that, in Sadie’s world, people were judged and categorized based on 
their social status. 
But she believed in the dignity of earning her own living. She neither stole nor 
begged, and she certainly didn’t owe Sadie any explanation. 
Sadie’s attitude was entirely uncalled for. 
“I need to talk to you,” Sadie said, frowning. 
Amidst the bustling activity at Jubilance Hotel, Sadie wore sunglasses and a mask to 
avoid being seen talking to a cleaner. 
“Sorry, I don’t have time. I’ve got a lot of work to do. If you have something to say, you can find me during my lunch break,” Janine replied without hesitation. 
Sadie’s face darkened. “How much can you earn for this job anyway? I can pay you a month’s salary for just 30 minutes of your time. Besides, I already spoke to your 
manager.” 
Sadie would never have come to Janine if Skylar hadn’t been so hostile to the Williams family. The way Sadie saw it, Janine, who was a widow working a lowly job, 
wasn’t worth her time or consideration. 
Janine’s expression grew colder. “You arranged for me to take time off without even asking my opinion?” 
“I said I’d pay you a month’s salary. Just give me your bank details, and I’ll transfer it now,” Sadie replied dismissively. 
Janine’s anger boiled over at Sadie’s audacity. If Sadie could display such brazen entitlement toward her, it was no wonder they had treated Skylar so badly. 
“Drop your arrogance. Who do you think you are? If it weren’t for Skylar, I wouldn’t even tolerate your presence,” Janine said angrily, pushing Sadie aside. 
Janine had gotten accustomed to physical labor from years of hard work. She easily. pushed aside Sadie, whose high heels and elegant attire left her stumbling and 
nearly falling. 
“Janine!” Sadie shouted, her voice cracking. 
Janine looked at Sadie coldly before walking into the hotel. She knew all too well that Sadie wouldn’t have come with good news. 
? ? ? 
Janine recalled Sadie’s manipulative tactics in the past, including faking sickness to 
lure Skylar back to Williams Residence. 
Thus, she harbored no illusions about Sadie’s intentions now. There was simply no 
reason to entertain Sadie.. 
“Do you eve 
you even know what Skye is up to these days?” Sadie called after her. 
“She’s working for Mr. Gardner Senior now. You probably don’t even know what that means. His team ranks among the top in Jipsburg City for restoring ancient artifacts. 
“No one could get in without real expertise! But Skylar got in. How do you think she managed to do that? 
“By using her body! I bet those fancy shoes you’re wearing were bought with money she earned by selling herself! 
“Don’t you feel ashamed wearing those shoes, Janine? Don’t act like you know. 
nothing. Did you push Skylar into this, all for the sake of a better life? Do you even have any integrity left?” Sadie accused. 
###chapter208
Sadie blurted out everything on her mind to blame Janine for the Williams family’s 
misfortunes. 
In her eyes, if Janine hadn’t failed to raise Skylar right, how would Skylar have neded. up as someone’s mistress instead of living as the Williams family’s heiress? 
Sadie’s words struck Janine like a thunderbolt. 
“You don’t deserve to be Skye’s mother. Instead of standing up for her when everyone else wrongly accuses her, you just add fuel to the fire! Do you think 
everyone’s as low as you?” Janine shouted.. 
Sadie had been standing with her arms crossed. When she heard Janine, her hand. 
shot up to slap the latter. But Janine was faster 
The sound of a sharp slap echoed. 
Sadie staggered back while holding her cheek. The disbelief written all over her face 
was evident, even with her sunglasses on. 
“Janine, have you lost your mind? How dare you hit me? Believe it or not, I’ll tell Skylar that you hit me!” 
Janine was still seething with anger. She sneered. “So what if I did hit you? You’re 
not fit to be a mother. 
“I used to hope Skye would treat you guys better because you’re her real family, but now I see that blood relations mean nothing. 
“You’re all worse than scum. You’re not worth an ounce of hope or respect!” 
Sadie tried to slap Janine back, but Janine reacted quickly and dodged. 
“Janine! You’re just a lowly worker! How dare you hit me?” Sadie’s disdain for Janine. was apparent. To her, anyone in the service industry was beneath contempt. 
In Sadie’s eyes, people in the service industry were nothing but cheap, low–status, bottom–of–the– barrel people. How could someone like that raise a decent child? 
Janine scoffed. “I have nothing to be ashamed of in my work. But can you say the same about the Williams family’s money? Don’t act all high and mighty with me–you haven’t earned the right to do so!” 
With that, she turned to leave. 
To Janine, they were from different worlds and could never see eye to eye. She and Sadie were simply not cut from the same cloth. 
But Sadie wasn’t going to let her go that easily. “Wait! Who said you could walk away? You still haven’t told me who Skye’s man is.” 
With her anger getting the best of her, Sadie almost forgot the reason she had come 
to see Janine in the first place. 
Janine raised her hand again. 
“What do you think you’re doing? I’ll report you! Tell me who Skye is sleeping with, or you can kiss goodbye to your job!” Sadie demanded. 
“No one! I know my daughter. She’d never stoop to being someone’s mistress. Skye 
earned her place on Mr. Gardner Senior’s team all by herself. She doesn’t need 
anyone’s help,” Janine declared firmly as she stepped into the elevator. 
Sadie tried to follow Janine but stopped as a familiar socialite emerged from the elevator. Frustrated, she quickly found a nearby café to sit in. 
No sooner had she sat down than Maisy called her. “Mom, I was just on the plane.” 
“Did you manage to speak with Mr. Martin? What did he say? Is he willing to help our family?” Sadie asked anxiously. 
Unaware of who Skylar’s backer was, the Williamses thought that Joe was the only hope for them in Jispurg. 
Desperately, Sadie prayed that Joe would fall for Maisy now and thus solve their problems. 
Maisy felt embarrassed. She struggled to find the words to confess to Sadie that Joe was Skylar’s backer. 
“Mom, I didn’t get to see Mr. Martin. He’s been very busy. I waited, but I couldn’t 
approach him without raising suspicion. I’m sorry; it’s my fault. 
“Have you spoken with Ms. Yancey? What did she say?” Maisy asked while tightly gripping her phone, unable to hide her worry. 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter209
Maisy feared that Janine might know something and might have spilled the beans to 
Sadie 
“Janine didn’t say a word. How rude! She’s just an uncultured swine in the sticks.” 
Sadie fumed. 
“Mom, don’t get mad. She hasn’t been in Jipsburg for long. She’s still rough around the edges. It’s not worth it to get upset over her,” Maisy said. 
Maisy was relieved that she hadn’t been raised by Janine. Otherwise, she would have likely been the same country bumpkin type that Sadie looked down on. 
Sadie took a deep breath. “Alright. If Mr. Martin doesn’t like you, it’s his loss. 
“Our family is going through a tough time now. We need to come up with a plan as soon as possible. Charles is practically living at the office, and your dad is so 
stressed that his hair is turning white.” 
“I understand, Mom.” 
“And Maisy, have you checked in with the hospital about your health? Skylar is heartless! How could she refuse to donate blood for you? She should at least do it 
for herself,” Sadie seethed. 
Skylar consumed her thoughts, fueling her anger. 
A few days ago, Sadie might have felt a hint of guilt toward Skylar. But now, she was 
confident that Skylar was nothing but trouble. 
The only daughter she acknowledged now was Maisy. 
“She probably won’t donate blood to me anymore,” Maisy said, biting her lip. 
Once, she had been confident that Skylar wouldn’t dare defy her because of the need 
to appease the Williams family. But now… 
“I’m sure she will. She’ll come crawling back. And when she does, she won’t have at choice but to comply,” Sadie declared confidently. 
Sadie was confident that Skylar’s relationship as a mistress wouldn’t last and that she would soon be cast aside. 
Sadie felt disgusted at the thought of having a daughter who was a forsaken sugar baby. 
The hospital was quiet in the morning. 
Edgar had arranged an appointment for Skylar and Joe at a discreet private hospital known for catering to celebrities and dignitaries. 
Skylar and Joe underwent a series of tests and then waited for the results. Skylar had taken the day off, and Joe had cleared his schedule, so they went to a nearby restaurant for lunch. 
an 
They chose a small private room and ordered fondue. Skylar specifically requested a pot with both cheese and broth. 
“Is this all you’re getting?” Skylar eyed Joe’s choices–bread, vegetables, beef, and pasta. She thought fondue with little variety lacked soul. 
“Mind if I order some sausage and seafood?” Skylar asked, salivating over the menu. Fondue was Skylar’s favorite, especially with a mix of flavors. 
Joe looked every bit the corporate elite in his sleek suit, and his choices reflected 
that. Skylar doubted that he indulged in fondue often… 
“You can choose. Order whatever you like,” Joe replied. 
With that, Skylar ordered everything she craved, knowing she could eat two to three times her usual amount when it came to fondue. 
As the dishes arrived, Skylar noticed that Joe had barely touched the cheese dip. He hadn’t even used the different sauces. 
She glanced at Joe before feasting on her seafood platter of prawns, lobsters, crab, and more. 
All of a sudden, Joe said, “Maybe we should ask the doctor later if it’s safe to eat seafood while we’re trying to conceive.” 
###chapter210
Skylar was caught off guard. With her mouth full, she blurted out, “Why does my 
matter?” 
diet 
She was bewildered. Weren’t they just going through the motions to appease Gloria? 
“Have you thought about making our marriage real and ending the three–year 
contract marriage agreement?” Joe asked bluntly. 
Skylar nearly choked on her food, which made her eyes well up with tears. Hastily, 
she grabbed a napkin to wipe her face, feeling utterly embarrassed. 
Joe handed her a glass of water and couldn’t help but think that his words might 
have startled her. 
“Mr. Martin, you must be joking, right?” Skylar asked, still in shock. 
“I’m not,” Joe replied firmly. 
After taking a sip of water, Joe continued calmly, “I don’t have time to adjust to living 
with another woman. We’ve been getting along fine so far, and we understand each 
other.” 
“Actually, I don’t know you all that well, and you don’t really know me either. Have you 
really thought this through?” Skylar asked. 
batch 
Could a loveless marriage last? She then recalled her fiery romance with Christopher in their youth, which had ultimately ended in vain. 
If so, a marriage without high expectations and drama might be easier to sustain. It would also give their families some peace. 
As she thought about it, Skylar’s resolve began to waver. 
“We can get to know each other better over time,” Joe said with a smile. 
Joe had mulled over this decision extensively and didn’t mind the idea of spending the rest of his life with Skylar. The other details seemed insignificant in comparison. 
Skylar smiled, too, her eyes still shimmering from her earlier choking incident. 
Alright, we’ll get to know each other better in the future.” 
The two quickly reached an understanding. After lunch, Joe and Skylar returned to the hospital to collect their test results. 
The results showed that Skylar was a bit anemic from her previous blood donations. She was advised to rest more to recover. 
On the other hand, Joe, despite his chronic insomnia and strict lifestyle, was advised to take it easy as well. The doctor said neither issue would prevent them from conceiving. 
On the way back, Skylar spoke up after some contemplation. “I graduated from college not long ago and just started a new job. I’m not ready to be a mom yet.” 
Plus, she wasn’t mentally prepared for physical intimacy with Joe. 
“That’s fine. There’s no rush. Let’s just take it one step at a time,” Joe replied. On second thought, he realized he might have been too impulsive earlier. 
“Steven wants to meet you this weekend. Will you be free?” Skylar asked. She felt overwhelmed by everything, and Steven suddenly came to her mind. 
“Sure, you can set the time,” Joe replied. 
Just then, Gloria called Joe. He immediately answered the phone. 
“Are you guys done? What did the doctor say?” she asked. 
Joe glanced at Skylar, who appeared noticeably preoccupied by Joe’s recent decision. “I’m fine, as usual. But as for Skye…” 
Skylar felt a bit taken aback hearing Joe mention her name so gently. 
“She’s donated blood multiple times and hasn’t been resting well. She needs some 
time to recover.” 
Gloria was worried. “Multiple donations? Did the doctor give specific instructions on 
how she should care for herself? 
“Joe, you need to make sure she’s well looked after. Don’t rush into starting a family. 
Skye’s health should come first. Maybe in a year or two.” 
###chapter211
Gloria and Joe chatted a bit more before ending the call. 
Skylar quietly listened from the side. She glanced at her watch, which showed that it was just 2:00 pm. She still had plenty of time since she had taken the whole day off. 
“Wanna go to the hot springs and relax for a bit?” Joe asked as he looked down at 
Skylar. 
Skylar’s eyes lit up as she exclaimed, “Sure!” 
She had been doing restoration work for the past few days. Sitting all day long had made her body feel very tense. A soak in the hot springs would be perfect for relieving that tension. 
As they were about to get into the car, another car pulled up not far away. A mother and daughter got out of the car. 
Natalie’s sharp eyes spotted Joe, and her eyes widened in surprise. Was that Joe? 
She was lost in thought for a moment. 
Meanwhile, there was a woman in the passenger seat. Her face wasn’t visible, so 
Natalie could only see half of her back. 
Although it was just the back, it didn’t look like Annie because her hair wasn’t that long. And besides… 
“Nath, what are you looking at?” asked Kate Turner, Natalie’s mother. 
Natalie withdrew her gaze and shook her head. “Nothing. Let’s go, Mom. We have an appointment with the doctor. 
Half an hour later, Natalie was waiting in the corridor for Kate to finish her check–up. As she waited, she sent a WhatsApp message to Skylar. 
“I just brought my mom to the hospital for a check–up, and guess who I saw? I saw 
Joe Martin. I’ve been running into him a lot lately. Oh, I digress. That’s not the point. 
Do you know what the point is? 
“I saw him sitting with a woman in the passenger seat of his car. They looked quite 
close, and their relationship seemed unusual. I can definitely smell an affair! That 
woman isn’t Annie Silver!” 
Skylar was sitting in the passenger seat while looking out the window. The moment 
she saw Natalie’s message, she was so startled that she almost dropped her phone. 
Natalie could have a future as a paparazzo. 
“Why does everyone look like they’re having an affair to you?” Skylar texted back. 
This was bad. Now, she didn’t knew how to explain her relationship with Joe to 
Natalie. It was somewhat tricky. 
Could it be that Natalie had already seen her and Joe at the hospital? Probably not. 
Natalie was too forthright to keep a secret. 
If she had seen them, she would have rushed over to greet them. It was unlikely that 
she would describe Skylar and Joe’s relationship as an affair now. 
Natalie replied, “Because Joe has never publicly acknowledged any woman around him. I once thought that he was gay. But I’ve seen him with women twice in a row 
lately. 
“Isn’t it obvious that he’s recently fallen in love? But the woman I saw just now… even 
from her back, I could tell she had an amazing figure!” 
Skylar couldn’t help but laugh when Natalie complimented her figure. “Is her figure 
really that good?” 
“Of course. Not every figure can be called good in my eyes. You’re one of the few 
exceptions. But…” 
“But what?” Skylar asked. 
“Now that I think about it, that woman’s figure is quite similar to you 
yours. If I didn’t know that you and Joe don’t know each other, I would’ve thought that woman was 
you!” 
Skylar looked at their chat, and her smile slowly faded. 
It was a good thing Natalie hadn’t delved deeper. “I gotta go. I need to accompany my mom for her check–up. Let’s meet up in a few days. Come to my place; Jeremy is 
going on a business trip tomorrow.” 
“Okay.” 
they had 
At the hot spring resort, Joe drove to the villa they had stayed in the last time. Not far 
behind them was a stretch Lincoln limousine filled with young men and women. 
One of them pointed at the car ahead and said, “If I’m not mistaken, that’s Joe 
Martin’s car. There seems to be a woman with him.” 
“Joe Martin?” Samuel immediately leaned forward to look at the car ahead upon 
hearing Joe’s name. 
###chapter212
Unfortunately, Samuel couldn’t see anything. He only saw a limited edition car that he couldn’t even book. 
Samuel had been hearing Joe’s name a lot lately, especially since Williams Group was facing significant difficulties. If Joe helped a little–or even gave so much as a hint–they could turn things around. 
“Seeing Joe here isn’t surprising, right? This hot spring resort is owned by the 
Martins. It’s normal for them to come over occasionally to have some fun,” one of them said. 
“Can we follow them?” Samuel asked. 
One of his friends reacted as if he had heard something unthinkable. “Are you crazy? know who he is? He’s Joe Martin. If you dare to stalk him, you won’t be able to survive in Jipsburg.” 
Do you 
Samuel finally came back to his senses when he felt a chill down his spine. “I was just joking.” 
“Don’t joke around like that. I heard Williams Grou asking Joe to help you out? 
is in trouble. Are you thinking of 
“If you can take my advice, I suggest you don’t entertain such thoughts. Your family and Joe have no relationship. Why would he help you? 
“If you accidentally offend him, your family might miss the chance to turn things around. You can mess with anyone in Jipsburg, but not Joe Martin.” 
Samuel completely gave up, not daring to have any thoughts about talking to Joe anymore. 
After listening to his friend’s words, Samuel remembered something. Could it be that Martin Group refused to cooperate with Williams Group because of Maisy’s attempt to get close to Joe last time? 
That couldn’t be it. Maisy was so smart, beautiful, gentle, and understanding. There was no way Joe could dislike her. 
When Skylar got out of the car, she glanced around. The scenery was really good; it wasn’t much different from George’s mansion. 
The last time she had been there, they had come at night, so she hadn’t gotten a clear look around. They had only soaked in the hot springs and hadn’t explored much either. 
“I want to take a walk first. Do you want to come?” Skylar asked Joe. 
“I’ll join you,” Joe said as he closed the door casually. He pointed ahead and continued, “We can take a walk down that way. There’s a golf course nearby. Do you want to play?” 
“Sure, but I don’t know how to.” Skylar was very interested. She could climb mountains and swim, but she didn’t know how to play golf. 
“I’ll teach you. 
The path was very quiet, and no one was around. On both sides of the path, there were well– groomed little groves. If they got tired of walking, there were pavilions and chairs where they could sit and rest. 
Not far into the walk, Joe naturally held Skylar’s hand. At first, Skylar didn’t react. She was completely immersed in the scenery. 
She only realized that Joe was holding her hand when she was about to raise her hand to tidy her hair. 
His fingers were long, and his skin was healthy and bronzed. That made her fair hand. look like a child’s hand. 
Her fingers stiffened suddenly. 
“Since we’re going to be real husband and wife, let’s adapt to each other now,” Joe said casually. It was as if he were talking about something very ordinary.. 
Her hand felt boneless, soft, and tender. 
Adapt to each other… 
Skylar nodded earnestly, trying to relax as she said, “Okay.” 
She thought about having to adapt to each other as real husband and wife. At that moment, a breeze brushed her face, and she suddenly calmed down. 
Oh, right… 
Skylar suddenly remembered. When they had been in the car earlier, Joe had asked her whether she knew what it meant for the two of them to come to the hot spring 
resort together. 
At that time, she had just finished a call with Natalie. Plus, they had just decided on a 
major life event during lunch. 
She had been in a daze and hadn’t thought much about his words. So, she had just 
casually said that she knew. 
She knew they had come to the hot spring resort to relax. But… if they were going to 
be a real couple, they had to do that…
###chapter213
Suddenly, the quiet of the small grove was broken by the sound of hushed, heavy breathing. It was followed by the unmistakable rustling of fabric as a couple whispered hurriedly to one another.
"You ruined my stockings, Mr. Hughes," a woman’s voice teased. "We’re running out of time, and I don't have a spare pair."
"I’ll buy you a hundred more," a man replied.
"Then I'll pick out a hundred different styles just for you. Tell me, Mr. Hughes—do they feel as smooth as you expected?"
"You little troublemaker," he murmured.
As the suggestive tones continued, Skylar froze. At first, she hadn't quite registered what she was hearing, but as the conversation grew bolder, the realization hit her like a wave. Her face flushed a deep crimson, despite her usually composed nature.
People are certainly bold these days, she thought. In broad daylight? The woods are certainly living up to their reputation.
She glanced at Joe. His dark eyes remained unfathomable, showing no sign that the overheard intimacy affected him at all. He looked every bit the stoic gentleman.
Skylar blinked, trying to shake off her embarrassment. She leaned in and whispered, "Do you think if I shouted, 'Hey Bob, let’s go mushroom picking!' they’d actually jump out of their skins?"
Joe looked at her, a faint glint of amusement in his eyes. He could easily imagine the scene: the couple in a passionate frenzy one moment, and frantically scrambling to fix their clothes the next, torn between hiding their faces or their dignity.
His gaze darkened subtly as he looked at her. Her vivid description had inadvertently sparked a flicker of intensity in his own mind. He glanced briefly at her slender silhouette before speaking in a low, slightly hoarse voice. "It’s a workday. They likely assumed no one would be around here."
"Let’s just go," Skylar whispered, unable to bear listening to the couple for another second.
Since Joe owned the estate, his word was law here. It was no wonder the couple felt so daring; they probably thought they had the entire place to themselves. As they walked away, Joe noticed that Skylar’s cheeks were still as red as tomatoes. A man’s reaction to a woman is often primal, and Joe found himself struggling with his own rising thoughts as he walked beside her.
After they had covered some distance, Skylar suddenly came to a halt. Her expression shifted from embarrassment to deep suspicion. That man in the grove... though he had spoken only briefly, his voice sounded hauntingly familiar.
And she had heard the name 'Mr. Hughes'...
Skylar’s mind immediately went to Natalie’s husband, Jeremy. She frowned, trying to dismiss the thought. It couldn’t be, could it? She had seen Jeremy dote on Natalie with an affection that seemed entirely genuine—nothing like the hollow gestures she had received from Christopher.
Jeremy and Natalie were childhood sweethearts; they knew each other inside and out. Besides, Natalie had mentioned how buried in work Jeremy was lately. Why would he be here on a workday with another woman?
Yet, a memory nagged at her. Natalie had mentioned on the phone that Jeremy was leaving for a business trip tomorrow and wouldn't be home tonight. The coincidence felt like a cold weight in her stomach.
"Are you tired?" Joe asked, noticing her sudden silence.

###chapter214
Skylar shook her head. “Oh, I’m not tired.” She hesitated about whether to go and 
check. 
After all, the voice she heard had come from the grove and hadn’t been very clear. 
There were many people with the surname “Hughes” in Jipsburg. 
Since her rebirth, Skylar had gained a new understanding of human nature and was 
concerned about emotions. It was possible… 
She cared deeply about Natalie and didn’t want her to go through what she had 
experienced. The feeling of betrayal by a loved and trusted person was hurtful. 
“Were you shocked?” Joe asked again. 
He knew that Jeremy had been unusually close with his secretary recently. They had 
visited this place a few times. But he hadn’t expected Jeremy to be so bold this time 
to even be playing with fire outdoors. 
Joe thought that Jeremy would regret it deeply if he continued like this. 
“Oh, no. I just regret not going in to see.” Skylar accidentally voiced out her thoughts. 
If she had caught them in the act, she would have found out whether it was Jeremy 
or not. 
Joe lowered his head, and his deep eyes stared at Skylar. His voice was low and sexy 
as he said, “Quite bold, huh? Wanna know what it’s like to make out in the woods?” 
As he spoke, he tugged at his tie. The words seemed to carry a spark, igniting his 
throat slightly. It felt itchy and dry. His Adam’s apple bobbed. 
Skylar looked up and saw his Adam’s apple move. Joe was undoubtedly the pinnacle of male attractiveness; even his Adam’s apple was sexy. 
Skylar’s cheeks flushed, and she said boldly, “Don’t overthink, Mr. Martin. Just a friendly suggestion–don’t do it. 
“There a 
are caterpillars on the trees, which might fall when the branches shake. There are mosquitoes in the woods during the summer, and any exposed skin will be 
bitten. Plus you might end up being watched.” 
Joe smirked. He had just thought that she was as pure as a high school student. 
Now, she seemed like a little vixen. 
He closed his eyes for a second, restraining all the lustful thoughts in his mind. 
Two hours later, it was around 7:00 pm. Skylar and Joe returned to the hot spring 
resort, all sweaty from playing golf. 
The staff brought them dinner and clothes. It wasn’t suitable to soak in the hot 
spring immediately after eating. Skylar glanced at Joe, who was in a video conference, and went out with her phone. 
Skylar felt uncomfortable after eating too much, so she went for a walk. She left a 
message for Joe on WhatsApp. 
It was quieter at night. She chose a different path for her walk, strolling leisurely while chatting with Natalie. 
“How did your mom’s check–up go?” Skylar asked. 
Natalie was also bored alone at home. “It’s just an old disease. When she was young, she often drank alcohol and skipped meals for work. Now, she gets stomachaches if she eats too much.” 
“Are you alone at home?” Skylar asked. 
“Yes. Jeremy has a lot of work at the company today. He has to attend an 
international video conference and will be up all night. There’s a bed in his office, so he’s sleeping there. 
“Poor him; he works so hard. It’s only to support the family and make enough money to look after our baby. It must be really tough for him.” Natalie’s tone was filled with love and concern for Jeremy. 
Skylar gripped her phone tightly. What a coincidence. 
“I was thinking of making him soup to help warm him up. But when I asked how work. was going, he didn’t reply. He must still be in the meeting. If I went, I’d just be a 
distraction. So, I dropped the idea. 
“By the way, I forgot to tell you. Jeremy has a new secretary. She’s a beauty, but I don’t think she’s as pretty as you. Our Skye’s the prettiest,” Natalie added. 
Secretary? Skylar thought about the voices in the woods–the calls of “Mr. Hughes” 
and the talk of stockings. It seemed likely that the two were in an employer–employee relationship. 
###chapter215
“Why aren’t you saying anything, Skye?” Natalie asked. 
“I’m just listening to you. I think you should occasionally send Jeremy some food. He might be touched and work even harder,” Skylar replied, unable to voice her suspicions. 
It would be best if it was just a coincidence. Natalie’s and Jeremy’s love for each other was extremely strong. 
Natalie’s eyes lit up. “You’re right. Like a good wife, I’ll go to our usual restaurant and pack a surprise for him.” 
The last time she had taken her medical report to him, he had been surprised and delighted. 
Natalie hadn’t thought about it much before. Marriage shouldn’t be one–sided. He had to go on a business trip the next day. Having an encounter in his office tonight 
gan would be pretty wild. 
Natalie touched her flushed face. She was about to grab a condom from the bedside table but changed her mind. They were trying for a baby now, so there was no need for precautions. 
She knew that his office had a room for international meetings where he sometimes rested. Natalie had always wanted to try it when they had been dating, but she had forgotten about it. 
“Bye, Skye. I’m heading out now!” Natalie exclaimed. 
Skylar glanced at the disconnected call, recalling the conversation in the woods. That man’s voice had been really similar to Jeremy’s. She hoped she was mistaken and was merely thinking too
much. 
Joe finished his video conference and noticed that Skylar wasn’t there. He saw her message on WhatsApp and replied, “My video conference has ended.” 
Then, he went upstairs to shower. He wasn’t worried about Skylar’s safety at the hot 
spring resort. Security patrolled at this hour, and everyone who visited had to register. 
Skylar received Joe’s message and headed back. She hadn’t gone far, so she quickly returned to the villa. 
When she didn’t see him, she assumed he had gone to the hot spring first. So, Skylar grabbed the swimsuit the staff had brought and went upstairs. 
In the bathroom, Skylar opened the door and walked in. She had rushed back and was now slightly sweaty and uncomfortable. She didn’t even notice Joe coming out. 
Joe was drying his hair with a towel without a bath towel around his waist, Seeing Skylar half undressed, he said, “You…” 
Upon hearing that, Skylar tensed up and turned her head. 
She saw Joe’s body still glistening with water. His perfect physique and handsome face were everything one could ask for. She could clearly see a few drops of water trailing down from his chest. 
Skylar had known that Joe had a good body, but she hadn’t expected it to be this impressive. She couldn’t help but swallow hard. 
“Satisfied with what you see?” Joe tossed the towel aside and casually wrapped a bath towel around his slim waist. Then, he walked toward Skylar. 
Skylar stepped back instinctively. She was still shocked by what she had seen. “…” 
Joe leaned in close to her ear, his voice seductive as he said, “You won’t lose out by being my wife, Skylar.” 
Skylar was utterly stunned by Joe’s words. Swallowing hard, she replied, “And your won’t lose out by being my husband, Joe.” 
From a purely visual point, she felt that neither of them would lose out. However, she knew Joe didn’t love her. Their relationship wasn’t about feelings. 
###chapter216
In Skylar’s eyes, Joe was usually impeccably dressed. Hence, he always seemed lofty and exuded coldness to his very core. When he spoke, his voice naturally carried a sense of distance and coldness. 
Coupled with his exceptionally handsome face, the contrast between his usual aloof demeanor and the seductive tone he used now was striking. 
The difference was stark and filled with absolute allure and charm. His breath still lingered by her ear, making her skin tingle and blush. 
Joe’s eyes darkened quickly. His fingers touched her face, finding it smooth, as he had expected. Just as his lips were about to touch hers, Skylar pushed him away. 
It was easy to get lost in such temptation. Though Skylar was a bit dazed under his gaze, she wasn’t ready for this 
“I haven’t showered yet. I’ll go shower, and you…. you go to the hot spring first.” Skylar, flustered, pushed Joe out and avoided looking at him. 
Joe was still caught up in his emotions when he was pushed out. Immediately after, he heard the sound of the bathroom door being locked. 
Joe still had traces of desire in his eyes as he gazed at the locked door. 
Skylar seemed fierce and bold at times. She could be praising herself at one moment and retreating into her shell the next. 
She had agreed with him very decisively earlier in the afternoon. But it was probably because she hadn’t considered what being a real married couple entailed. 
Joe envisioned Skylar’s flushed cheeks and trembling eyes. His Adam’s apple bobbed as he hoarsely said, “Alright.” 
Inside the bathroom, Skylar’s heartbeat quickened at his response. When she had said that she wanted to take a shower, he could have easily misunderstood. 
She took a deep breath to calm herself. His physique was truly exceptional. She hadn’t counted just now… How many abs did he have? 
Joe held two glasses of red wine and placed them by the hot spring. While closing his eyes to enjoy the 
night, he heard a familiar voice from another villa. 
It was Jeremy on the phone. 
“Tell my wife I’m already on a business trip. Don’t say too much.” Then, another call quickly followed. 
“I just got off the plane. The video conference ended early, and they’re pushing for the contract to be signed tomorrow morning. I didn’t have time to tell you. It’s so late; shouldn’t you be resting at home? 
) 
122 
“That’s a pity. We’ll go out for a meal when I get back. 
“You’re the best, Nath. Go home and sleep. I’ll bring you a gift when I return. 
Listening to Jeremy’s practiced lies and explanations, Joe remained impassive. He just raised the glass and sipped his wine. 
Meanwhile, Natalie felt sad and dejected after ending her call. She felt as if this trip had been a waste. 
While waiting at the restaurant earlier, she had noticed a 24–hour adult store downstairs. She had gone there and bought some particularly sexy clothes, planning to surprise Jeremy. 
But he wasn’t at the office. It seemed that he was just too busy. 
As she turned to leave, the receptionist working overtime at the company breathed a sigh of relief. 
The receptionist had a friend who also worked as a receptionist at another company. 
Although her friend often helped cover for her boss, she had thought that she wouldn’t have to do the same. After all, Natalie almost never came to the office. 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
###chapter217
It was also because Jeremy maintained his integrity. Many women in the company had their eyes on him, but it was of no use.” 
However, things had changed after Annabelle had joined the company. 
One had to admit that Annabelle’s beauty was out of this world. Her figure was better than a celebrity’s. and she was very capable. 
Compared to her, Natalie, who was a full–time housewife, paled in comparison. But still, Natalie was quite pitiful since she knew nothing of this. 
Sitting in the car on her way back, Natalie sent a text to Skylar, “I struck out. The sexy outfit I bought has gone to waste. He had said that he’d be leaving for his trip tomorrow, but he left today.” 
After waiting for a few minutes, she didn’t get a reply from Skylar. Natalie played with her phone out of boredom, thinking Skylar might be asleep. 
At Mystic Bar, the dance floor was alive with the flickering of lights. A woman’s voluptuous figure swayed to the music. Her twisting waist occasionally collided with the men dancing closely to her 
A man gripped her slender waist as his hand moved upward. “Hey, beautiful, how about we get a room upstairs?” 
Maisy hadn’t let herself have this much fun in a long time. She leaned against the man’s chest and asked, Got anything good to share?” 
The man gave a wicked smile. As a regular here, he knew exactly what she meant by “anything good“. 
“Of course, I’ve got some new things to try. How about we test them out first, then head upstairs?” he 
proposed. 
Maisy didn’t hesitate. She was well–versed in such matters. At home, she always played the good daughter and never revealed this side of herself. Now, she just wanted to enjoy herself, and she knew exactly how to do that. 
Maisy could see the lust in the man’s eyes. When they danced, she felt his muscles and was satisfied. 
Tonight would be anything but dull, 
Soon, Maisy stood in a corner with something in her hand. 
“Take it all,” the man coaxed. Without hesitation, Maisy swallowed it all and washed it down with alcohol. 
In another corner, a man drinking alone captured the scene with his phone. 
At the same time, Christopher came to the bar. He had been struggling to find a job all this time. 
He knew Maisy liked this place. They had come together several times. The atmosphere was perfect for indulgence, and they had done everything together here. 
In the crowd, he spotted Maisy intimately drinking with another man. Christopher’s eyes turned red with anger. If it hadn’t been for Maisy constantly seducing him, he might have still been with Skylar. 
Yet, the instigator of his downfall, Maisy, was still enjoying herself so freely! 
Christopher walked over in large strides. But Maisy had already entered the elevator with the man to head to the eighth floor. As the doors were about to close, Christopher followed them. 
He pulled his hat low to cover half of his face. He watched as Maisy and the man passionately kissed, oblivious to his presence. 
As they reached the eighth floor, the two entered a pre–booked room in a hurry. They didn’t even notice that the door wasn’t closed properly and that the room card had fallen. 
If they had been sober, they wouldn’t have missed the details. 
Christopher held his phone and sneaked into the bathroom. He then recorded the debauchery between 
the two. 
Skylar had just finished showering and stepped out in her new swimsuit. Her long hair was draped casually over her shoulders. 
The swimsuit provided by the staff was modest, unlike the previous one, which had been quite revealing. The light yellow color complemented her skin tone beautifully. 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise
###chapter218
When Joe heard the sound, he looked up and was met with a stunning beauty walking toward him. 
Skylar’s fair skin seemed to glow. Her gaze was like that of an otherworldly fairy. It exuded a pure desire that she herself wasn’t aware of, 
Her body was reflected in the rippling waterl 
At this moment, any man there would probably feel an urge to succumb to their desires. Joe had never denied that Skylar held a special place in his heart. Her every move could easily stir his emotions. 
Seeing Joe staring at her, Skylar felt a bit puzzled by his intense gaze. 
Was there something wrong with her outfit? She had checked herself in the mirror before coming out. 
The swimsuit’s style was simple, and the color was not one she often wore. But it shouldn’t look that bad. 
“Does it look weird?” Skylar asked. 
Joe cleared his throat, feeling a slight dryness. He took a sip of wine to make it better and replied, “It’s 
fine.” 
Skylar found a comfortable spot to sit down and looked at Joe seriously. “Can we talk now?” 
Joe stared into her clear eyes–as innocent and earnest as a child’s. He felt his throat tightening again.” 
Don’t look at me like that,” he said. 
“What?” Skylar was stunned. What kind of look had she given him? Wasn’t it just a normal look when 
discussing something? 
“The way you look at me makes me want to make love to you,” Joe said bluntly. 
Skylar’s eyes widened, shocked by Joe’s straightforwardness. “You’ve got it wrong. I’m not trying to seduce you. 
Truth be told, Skylar knew a lot of things. But seducing someone with her eyes was not her forte. The fact 
that a glance from her could make Joe want to make out with her was just wild. 
“What do you want to talk about?” Joe took another sip of his wine. 
Seeing this, Skylar noticed another glass of wine beside her. She took a sip, mustered up her courage, and 
said, “We said we’d be a real couple this afternoon. But now we’re talking about making out. Aren’t we being too impulsive?” 
Skylar continued, “I’m afraid you’ll regret it.” 
Joe stood up, walked over to her, and sat down next to her. “Why do you think I’ll regret it?” 
“You’re several years older than me, and you’ve never had any scandals. Grandma Gloria said you’ve never even had a girlfriend. 
“In this kind of situation, you must have an unrequited first love in your heart. At least, that’s what the 
novels say. 
22 
“If your first love comes back to you, you’ll regret betraying her and take it out on me. Won’t I become the scapegoat then?” Skylar voiced her concerns, which echoed the thoughts she’d had earlier in the shower. 
Being husband and wife with Joe was fine. But being the scapegoat would be a disaster. 
Joe chuckled, “Love in novels is always grand and always has a happy ending. Do you believe that?” 
Once upon a time, Skylar had believed that. But she shook her head now. 
“I’ll give you a few days to adapt,” Joe said softly. 
Skylar blinked, “…” 
“I’m too old for you. Is that it?” Joe remembered Skylar mentioning their age difference. 
“Absolutely not!” Skylar exclaimed as she stood up. “That’s not what I meant.” 
In that instant, the stones under her feet felt a bit sharp and slippery. She hadn’t been paying attention, so she stumbled forward. 
Quickly and accurately, Skylar fell into a strong embrace. Joe’s hands landed on Skylar’s back, and she ended up sitting on his lap as her whole body pressed against his. 
His muscles were clearly defined, and the thin swimsuit didn’t offer much resistance. Skylar didn’t know whether the hot spring water was too hot or if it was Joe’s body. But her face flushed instantly. 
“I…” Skylar’s face turned red. 
Joe suddenly pressed her head down and planted a deep kiss on her lips. It was one that would have made any woman instinctively retreat. 
###chapter219
Skylar’s mind went blank in an instant. She didn’t know when Joe had switched their positions so that she was now straddling him. His hand pressed down on her head, while the other wrapped around her waist. 
Skylar felt like a lamb waiting to be slaughtered; unable to move. She had never experienced such a crazy and domineering kiss before. 
When Joe finally released her, her breathing was uneven. She had almost suffocated from the lack of oxygen. 
Joe stroked Skylar’s hair gently. His touch was tender. His voice was low and teasing with a hint of satisfaction. “Still find me old?” 
If she still did, he would make her think otherwise in bed. 
Skylar felt dizzy from the kiss and was a bit scared. Once she had caught her breath, she managed to say, “I swear I don’t… I don’t find you old.” 
“I’ll believe you this time.” Joe’s voice seemed to have grown even deeper than before. 
Skylar wanted to stand up but Joe stopped her. “Don’t move.” His voice was stern. 
Feeling a bit wronged, Skylar said, “I’m not doing this on purpose. Sitting like this is uncomfortable.” 
“I’m uncomfortable too.” Joe’s voice grew even deeper. Skylar fit his physical type in every way and aroused his sexual desires. Facing her, he felt like he couldn’t restrain himself. 
Skylar was on the verge of tears, “Please let go of me.” If he released the hand that was holding her waist, she could stand up. His hand felt like it was on fire; it burned her waist. 
Joe looked at Skylar’s slightly swollen lips. He cleared his throat and let go of her waist. 
Skylar immediately stood up and walked out of the hot spring pool. It was as if she was escaping something deadly. 
“I… I’m tired. I’ll go take a shower and rest. See you tomorrow. Skylar didn’t even glance at Joe as she pushed open the door and entered the villa. 
She looked like she was fleeing from something terrifying. 
Joe chuckled. His eyes deepened when he realized that he had been a bit impulsive just now. After soaking in the hot spring for a while, coupled with the effects of alcohol, he had become too unrestrained. 
He pressed his temples in frustration and stood up. 
Skylar went upstairs and went straight into the shower. She washed off the hot spring water from her body. After changing into clean clothes, she returned to her room. 
As she lay in bed, her mind was filled with images of what had just happened. It was too much. 
Suddenly, her phone beeped with incoming WhatsApp messages. She picked up her phone to try to calm 
herself down. 
The private detective had sent over some photos and even a few videos. She watched them one by one. 
It showed images of how Maisy had taken drugs and been with men in the bar. Everything had been. recorded. However, it was still unclear whether the substances they had consumed were drugs. 
“I’ll continue to investigate and gather solid evidence,” the detective said. 
Skylar replied with a simple “okay” and closed the chat. She then saw an unread message from Natalie. She opened it and read it. 
Was it really a coincidence? Jeremy wasn’t at the office. He had been supposed to be on a business trip tomorrow, but he had left earlier today? 
###chapter220
Skylar felt a bit suspicious as she replied to Natalie. “What a coincidence.” 
Natalie replied almost immediately. “Isn’t it just! By the way, why did you reply to me so late? Were you up to something naughty? Spill the beans.” 
Seeing the word “naughty“, Skylar took a deep breath to calm herself. It was just an accident, after all. 
She half–joked but still told the truth, “I was soaking in a hot spring with a hunk, touched his eight– pack abs, and he accidentally lost his pants, I saw everything.” 
Natalie stared wide–eyed at the message on her phone. Her previously gloomy mood immediately brightened 
“Oh my god! My dear, have you decided to let loose after breaking up with that scumbag? Tell me where you found such a catch. Send me photos. I wanna see!” 
She felt like she needed to compensate for the fun she had missed out on with Jeremy tonight. 
“I’m talking about a real person, not some video.” Skylar replied. 
“Is it for real?” Natalie was hesitant. 
“For real.” 
“I get it; you had a naughty dream. Poor girl. I’ll help you find a real hunk. 
“You know my cousin, right? He spends six days a week at the gym. His chest is even bigger than mine. I’ll 
bring him over this weekend. You need a boyfriend like him. You’ll thank me later!” Natalie replied. 
“No need; I’m already married.” Skylar clarified her marital status. 
But Natalie didn’t believe her. “Yeah, right. Go to sleep. Dreams can be wild. See you this weekend!” 
“See you then.” 
Skylar turned off her phone and opened her Amazon store. There had been a lot of orders these past few days, followed by substantial income. Once she had more time, she could dedicate a couple of hours daily to live streaming. 
Suddenly, one order caught her attention. The buyer’s avatar was a luxurious watch worth a few hundred 
thousand dollars. 
It adorned a slender, well–maintained wrist with manicured nalls. People with such avatars usually 
intended to show off. 
That buyer had sent her a picture of a seal with patterns painted on it with gold leaves. 
Though Skylar mainly dealt with antiques, she had some knowledge of these things. Viola had once given 
her lessons on the subject. 
Skylar hadn’t had much talent in this area before. But she had a certain intuition when looking at these 
things now. It was as if she could sense their history and essence just by looking at them. 
Her expression turned serious. 
“I heard this seal can improve luck in love. Is it a scam? Do you understand this kind of thing?” the buyer 
asked. 
Skylar looked at it and replied, “It can attract a partner, but the person you seek likely has a family already. 
Am I right?” 
The chat window showed that the buyer was typing, but they didn’t send a message for a while. Skylar understood the buyer’s hesitation. Such seals could harm one’s own fortune. Moreover… 
Skylar thought for a moment and added, “You must’ve used other items before. The person you desire. has a desired partner. This seal can help, but it will affect your future children’s fortune.” 
“You’re right. The person I love has a family, but his wife can’t compare to me. I can tell he likes me more, and we are more suited for each other. 
“However, he finds it hard to divorce due to family pressure. Can you offer a better solution? I need to have a child soon. Name your price,” the buyer replied. 
Perhaps the anonymity of the internet made the buyer more candid about her desires. 
“Sorry, I can’t help you. Please request a refund for this order. Skylar decisively refused. The buyer didn’t respond further. 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise
###chapter221
Skylar continued going through the orders she had received. However, there were too many of them. While waiting for that buyer to reply, she fell asleep on the bed. 
It was already morning when she woke up. 
As she went downstairs, she bumped into Joe, who was just back from his morning jog. She naturally greeted him. “Good morning. 
“Good morning.” Joe wiped the sweat on his brow with a towel. 
Skylar watched as sweat dripped off his chin, and her expression stiffened. 
What had happened yesterday was an accident, nothing more! 
After composing herself, Skylar looked at the spread of food on the dining table–a hearty breakfast had 
been served. 
“I’m going up to take a shower. If you’re hungry, go ahead and have some breakfast,” said Joe. 
Nodding. Skylar saved the pleasantries and sat at the table. Then, she chose whatever food she preferred 
from the variety that had been served. 
Joe was quick. He came downstairs after ten minutes. Seeing that Skylar was leisurely enjoying her 
breakfast, he also sat at the table. 
As though there was a tacit understanding between them, they both put aside what had happened last 
night. 
After breakfast, they went back to the city. Joe dropped Skylar off at her office first. 
Skylar got out of the car. After Joe’s car passed the traffic light, she withdrew her gaze. She had taken the 
day off yesterday, so she had to push harder today. 
With long strides, she headed toward the office building. 
Just as she was about to reach the entrance, she spotted a middle–aged couple before it. 
At this hour, everyone was heading to work. When Skylar’s colleagues noticed the neatly dressed couple 
clad in branded attire, they felt curious. 
Wasn’t it too early for customers to be here? But the couple didn’t seem to be here for their service, seeing how they had come empty–handed. Could they be waiting for someone? 
When the couple noticed Skylar, they immediately walked toward her. 
At that moment, Skylar’s colleagues got their answer–that couple was indeed here for someone, and it was Skylar! 
Skylar glanced at her watch. She had ten minutes left. 
“Skye, you’re finally here. Why haven’t you been answering your phone? Your dad and I have been womed 
about you. 
“We didn’t make ourselves clear that day, and you must’ve taken what we said the wrong way.” Sadie approached Skylar and tried to hold her hands without consent. 
She was unusually polite. Skylar had never seen her like this. 
Skylar took note of their deliberate smiles. Perhaps their smiles seemed fake now because she had decided to stop caring about this insincere couple. 
Jeffrey said, “We didn’t communicate our thoughts well that day, which must be why you misunderstood 
1. US. 
“You’re our biological daughter, and we finally found you after so much hard work. We can’t let someone else disgrace you, can we? 
“We were just too concerned about you. We were worried that you’d be deceived.” 
He didn’t seem to be in good shape, probably because he hadn’t slept well for many days. Everything he had worked so hard to build was on the verge of crumbling. Because of that, he looked haggard. 
Sadie sensed Skylar’s aloof attitude and felt uneasy. Not too long ago, Skylar had been nice to Sadie and tried hard to please her. But now, she seemed very distant. 
“Kenny and the others approached me the other day, and now it’s you. Are you going to keep
###chapter222
Humans were born evil. However, the Williamses had practically been stripped of their conscience. They never reflected on themselves whenever a problem arose. Instead, they would blame it all on others. 
They were truly egoistic. 
Jeffrey and Sadie froze. 
“That’s a horrible thing to say, Skye. You never behaved like this. It’s only been a few days. How is it that you’ve changed so much? Did someone say anything to you that you’re seeing us in such a light? 
“Your dad and I have always loved you and hoped you’d have a good life. We don’t want you to go down. the wrong path. 
Just like us, your brothers have your best interest at heart. How can you disregard their kind intention? 
“Instead, you think we have ulterior motives and won’t give up until we achieve them,” Sadie criticized, displeased. 
Jeffrey frowned deeply. “Your mom’s right. I’m disappointed in you. We’re only came here today so that others wouldn’t talk behind our backs. 
“We don’t want them to think that we, as your parents, have neglected you and merely watch as you take the wrong path. If that happens, we will have to take the blame.” 
Skylar glanced at the time. “You have three minutes.” 
Sadiesaid, “You aren’t even up to the job. Going to work is just your way of making your résumé look good. It won’t matter if you’re a few minutes late! 
“You’re not getting away with this even if you refuse to talk about it. We still don’t know whose mistress you’ve become, but you can’t hide it from us for long. 
“Before things take a turn for the worse, you’d better tell us everything truthfully.” 
As Sadie spoke, she looked up at the office building. “Your lover must be the one who helped get you into Gardner Group, right? Who is he?” 
She and Jeffrey had had a thorough discussion. It might be true that the way they managed their company was flawed. 
Other than that, Martin Group’s refusal to collaborate might have contributed to the situation they were in 
now 
It was also possible that Skylar had had someone make things difficult for them. But again, she might have nothing to do with this at all. 
Nevertheless, now that Skylar had found herself an influential sugar daddy, they might be able to save their company through her connection. 
But to their dismay, they couldn’t find out who it was. They dared not even investigate it openly. 
Jeffrey put on the facade of a kindly father figure, saying, “Skye, I made mistakes and misunderstood you. I promise you don’t have to donate your blood to Maisy if you don’t want to. I’ll buy you your favorite car for your birthday, too. 
“But now, our company’s future is at stake. Please put aside all your resentment for now. I’ll make it up to you later,” 
When Sadie heard him relieve Skylar from donating her blood against her wish, she wanted to say no to that. She couldn’t bear to see Maisy suffer. However, she could only keep her reluctance to herself for 
now. 
The blood donation wasn’t something they could compromise on. 
This morning, Maisy had looked pale when she had returned from her friend’s house. Her face had been drained of color, yet she had endured the discomfort and kept Sadie company during breakfast. 
Maisy had even advised Sadie to get over it and stop arguing with Skylar. Maisy was such a sweet daughter. Sadie would never let her go through so much pain anymore. 
“I don’t have a sugar daddy,” Skylar replied coldly. 
How lowly was she in Jeffrey’s and Sadie’s eyes for them to think that she needed someone else’s help to secure a i 
at Gardner Group? 
Had they never checked Gardner Group’s recruitment regulations? Had they been born without the ability to think? 
“How can that be? How could you have joined Mr. Gardner Senior’s team without help from others? Skye, when did you learn to lie through your teeth?” Sadie frowned. 
Skylar had been raised in the countryside. Hence, Sadie questioned how she could have what it took to Join Alexander’s team. What a liar! She didn’t know her place at all. 
“That’s not important. I’ll take your word that you got the job through your own efforts. Right now, I only have one thing to ask of you. Let us meet your sugar–no, I mean, your boyfriend,” Jeffrey said with a 
frown. 
###chapter223
Jeffrey was clearly annoyed at having to reign in his temper while speaking to Skylar. He thought she was being insensible. 
“Skylar, do you need help?” Skylar’s colleagues saw her being confronted by a couple who were obviously. behaving unfavorably. That concerned them. 
Skylar smiled and thanked them for their concern. “Thanks, but I’m alright for now.” 
Then, she told Jeffrey and Sadie, “I don’t have a boyfriend. You’re wasting your time. Stop coming to me. I don’t want to see you two anymore.” 
Then, she walked around them and headed toward the entrance. 
“Wait! Skye, we’re not that gullible. You don’t have to lie!” Sadie was pissed. 
No wonder Peter and Samuel had looked so grumpy after meeting her the last time. Sadie also 
understood now why Maisy had been so mad that she had fallen sick. 
Skylar was taking them for idiots. She didn’t even bother to come up with a better lie. 
“Skye, you really disappoint me.” Jeffrey was out of patience. 
Skylar scoffed. “And what has that got to do with me? Stop coming after me, or I’ll call the security on you. 
Then, she continued walking toward the building. 
Sadie wanted to grab her, but Skylar was too fast for her. Sadie felt embarrassed as her arm hung midair. There was nothing she could do but watch Skylar enter the office building. 
Staring at the guards at the entrance, Sadie went red with anger. Turning around, she noticed that Jeffrey looked gloomy as well. 
She said, “We didn’t raise her, so she doesn’t care about us. What should we do now, Jeff? She refuses to 
tell the truth. 
“From that, we can tell that her sugar daddy is someone whose identity should be kept hidden. Can it be… “A thought occurred to her, and her eyes widened in disbelief. 
She continued, “Can it be that… Jeff Mr. Gardner Senior always turns down people who try to get into his team through connections. Those who aren’t skilled would never get the chance to join. 
“But Skye got in. That means the person who helped her is related to Mr. Gardner Senior, Can it be that she’s seeing his son? 
“He only has two sons. His elder son is abroad, while his younger son, John, lives in Jipsburg. Can he be the one?” 
Jeffrey’s eyes lit up. “John Gardner…” 
“Yes, Jeff. It might be him. He just got engaged recently. He must’ve taken Skye in as his mistress after that. No one can know about this; that must be why Skylar refuses to tell us about him. It all makes sense 
now.” 
The more Sadie spoke, the more convinced she was that her assumptions were correct. 
Although Skylar didn’t stand out in any way, she did have the looks that would attract most men. 
“Alright. Now that we have the guy, let’s find him. I’ll have a good talk with John.” Jeffrey thought they had 
found a solution to their situation. 
Sadie nodded. “It’s best if he calls off his engagement and marries Skye. Then, he can wholeheartedly help us.” 
“Okay, I’ll get ready. Peter will come with me tomorrow when I go to meet John,” Jeffrey immediately said. 
While they were on their way home, Maisy called them to find out how things were going. So, Sadie told her everything. 
###chapter224
Sadie said, “We met Skye, but she didn’t tell us anything. Your dad and I figured out who her sugar daddy Is.” 
Maisy felt her heart sink. Her grip tightened on her phone. Was what she had feared going to happen after all? She didn’t want Sadie and Jeffrey to know about Skylar’s relationship with Joel 
If they found out, they would certainly treat Skylar with special consideration. Maisy would then lose her place in the family. 
“Well… Who do you two think it is?” she asked. 
“It’s John Gardner, Mr. Gardner Senior’s younger son. He’s just gotten engaged and wouldn’t want others to know he has a mistress. 
“Don’t tell anyone about this, okay? Skylar’s found herself an influential lover. Still, she’s a mistress, and we can’t bear to face the humiliation if this comes to light,” Sadie said. 
Maisy was stunned. “John?” 
Why would they think it was him? 
Previously, she had thought it was him, too. Could she have been mistaken? But Annie had seemed convinced. Which one of them had guessed incorrectly? 
How Maisy wished Skylar was John’s mistress! 
“Yes, we’re sure it’s him. You should get some rest, Maisy. You’ve been on tenterhooks ever since we got into this situation. 
“Now that there’s hope for a better outcome, you should stay home and look after yourself. Don’t worry.” said Sadie before ending the call. 
Maisy fell into a trance as she stared at her phone. Could it really be John? 
Even though she knew that Joe was most likely the person they were looking for, she didn’t want the Williams family to know that. So, if they assumed it was John, so be it! 
Casting her phone aside, she went to the restroom and stared at her weary reflection in the mirror. 
She’d had a blast last night. The new drug had given her a feeling of euphoria. 
Just as she was reminiscing about the good time she’d had last night, she received a message. Seeing that it was from Christopher, she frowned in frustration. 
She had stopped having feelings for him a long time ago. Given that he was just someone Skylar had dumped, there was no way Maisy would like him. 
However, he had sent her videos. Without taking it seriously at first, she played one. She thought he was 
trying to win her back by sending her videos of their previous dates. 
But when she heard her own suggestive, unrestrained voice, her eyes widened. She then watched the 
video carefully. 
It was a video of her and the man she had met last night! The video clearly recorded her unbridled actions. After taking the drug, she had been in a frenzy and had been totally out of control. 
There was another video. She played the next one, and it shocked her. After the first man had left, several other men had entered the room. 
She had no longer been aware of what she was doing by then, so she couldn’t remember what had happened. 
All she knew was that the room had been empty when she had woken up, and it had been a mess. She hadn’t thought much of it at the time. 
But now that she had watched the video, she finally realized how outrageous she had been last night. She was always up for some fun, but this wasn’t the kind of fun she’d had in mind! 
Her fingers trembled as she dialed Christopher’s number. 
“How did you get your hands on those videos? Where did you get them from? Christopher, I demand an explanation!” 
It was her in the video, and she knew it. If the videos were leaked, it would be the end for her! 
###chapter225
Why was that man from last night so despicable? Not only had he done it with Maisy, but he had also let others in after him. What did he take her for? It seemed that he had also recorded the whole thing. 
Now, Christopher had the videos. At that thought, Maisy felt goosebumps all over. 
As Christopher listened to Maisy’s furious yells, his face contorted. “An explanation? You’re the one who’s supposed to explain yourself! 
“You’re the one in the video. I knew you were promiscuous and cheap, but I didn’t expect you to be this dirty. One guy wasn’t enough to satisfy you, so you found yourself a few more. How cheap!” 
Maisy turned red with anger. “What did you say? Christopher, are you listening to yourself? 
“Did you forget how you tried to flatter me? Oh, you licked my boots then, yet now you dare mock me? Who are you to say that? 
“I was interested in you because you were Skylar’s boyfriend. I was just stringing you on. You should be able to think on your own. Given your family background and capabilities, how are you even worthy of me? 
“Maisy, you’re despicable!” Once again, Christopher flew off the handle because of her shamelessness. As of late, he had slowly come to his senses. 
He had been recalling his high school days, when things had been pure bliss. Nothing had weighed on his and Skylar’s minds. They had chosen each other and thought they would be together forever. 
Then, he had changed. He had cheated on her. And it was all because of Maisy! 
He threatened, “If I send these videos to your brothers and parents, what do you think they will do? Oh, right. I’ll let your birth mother see these videos, too.” 
Alarmed, Maisy shouted in a panic, “No!” 
“Scared?” Christopher smirked. He knew how to deal with Maisy. 
Maisy clenched her jaws. She regretted letting herself loose last night. “What exactly do you want?” 
Christopher finally revealed his motive. “Give me a million dollars, and I’ll delete all the videos. No one will know your secret. 
“Otherwise, I’ll make sure they appear on various websites, and everyone in this city will receive them on their phones.” 
“A million dollars? You’re demanding too much. I don’t have one million dollars.” Maisy was shocked. 
“I know you can afford it. Your bag easily costs a few hundred thousand dollars. I want the money within an hour, or I’ll spread the video.” Christopher hung up. 
As Maisy stared at her phone, her eyes reddened with fury. “Damn it!” 
She screamed internally. How had Christopher gotten those videos? 
She did own one million dollars, but she wouldn’t have much money left if she gave it to Christopher. 
Meanwhile, Christopher was probably worried that Maisy wouldn’t pay up, so he sent her another video. 
In the video, the men had left. The camera was aimed at her, and her face could be clearly seen in the high–definition video. 
He also sent a voice message, saying, “You have 55 minutes to transfer the money to me. If any longer, your reputation will be in ruins when your time’s up.” 
Maisy paled with anger and almost fainted. 
Darn it, Christopher! 
you hesitate 
After clocking in, Skylar went straight to her working area. She was unruffled by Sadie and Jeffrey. 
Once she entered her workroom, she fully concentrated on her work. She didn’t even notice that someone was watching her through the window. 
“Caleb’s really obsessed. Dad, if there’s no other choice, let’s just get Skylar to talk to him,” John said to Alexander. He was observing Skylar, who was immersed in her work. 
Alexander sighed. “That punk has good taste, but it’s too late. What a pity.” 
###chapter226
John asked, “Dad, when will Skylar be done with her work?” 
Alexander checked the time. “She’ll only be finished by noon at the earliest.” 
Skylar always devoted her full attention to her work. Besides, Frank needed that painting urgently. 
“That long?” John watched as Skylar focused intensely on restoring the painting. She appeared so serious that he couldn’t stop himself from watching her. 
She was beautiful enough to be able to coast through life with her looks, yet she had chosen to put her skills to good use. 
A thought struck John, and he took a photo with his phone. Then, he said, “Dad, I have some time on my hands today. I’ll wait in the lounge.” 
“Sure, 
go ahead. I have work to do. Talk to Caleb if you’re free and advise him to get over her. Or you can try looking around for decent ladies so he can get to know them.” 
Alexander was concerned about Caleb even though he pretended otherwise. John agreed to his suggestions. 
As Alexander left, John sent the photo he had taken to Joe. “No wonder you chose to marry Skylar. I think I’ve found the reason.” 
Joe’s gaze was fixed on the photo for some time. 
Paul was still reporting to him about work–related matters. He spoke so much that his mouth went dry. Then, he waited for Joe’s decision. 
There was a long pause, which Paul nervous. “Is there a problem? I’ll ask them to redo the proposal.” 
Joe looked up at him. “Repeat from the start.” 
“Oh, okay.” Paul thought that was odd. Still, he repeated what he just said. However, he was distracted. 
What had Joe seen on his phone? Why was he so concentrated on it? 
Ten minutes later, Paul left the room. 
Joe unlocked his phone and gazed at Skylar in her work mode once more. He texted John back, saying, 
Delete that photo. Keep your eyes to yourself.” 
Breaks were rare for John, so he was leisurely enjoying a cup of coffee in the lounge. He hadn’t expected 
Joe to reply to his message so fast. 
After reading the text, he almost spat out the coffee in his mouth. “I have a fiancée. I’m just admiring. nothing more.” 
Three seconds later, Joe replied, “She’s not for you to admire.” 
John glanced at the cup of coffee beside him. He was no longer interested in it. Instead, he immediately 
called Joe. “I thought you didn’t love her. Why are you so jealous?” 
Joe stood up and walked to the floor–to–ceiling window. “I’m not jealous.” 
Sensing his indignance, John felt speechless. “Yeah, whatever. I deleted the photo. Joe, I’m thinking of asking Skylar to talk to Caleb so he can get over her.” 
“Get Caleb to give up,” Joe replied in a low tone. 
Caleb was just a brat. How dared Caleb try to take his wife from him? 
Caleb was lying in bed with a book he was reading. It was a book for beginners. The tutor Alexander had hired had given it to him. 
Caleb had been able to digest its contents when he had been younger. But now, he couldn’t understand a thing. He scratched his tousled hair. 
“It’s so tough!” He almost burst out crying. 
He thought about Skylar, who was excellent at her job. Meanwhile, he had no achievements to his name. around All he knew was how to fool around with his friends. The only skill he had mastered was joking with others on live streams. 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
###chapter227
Caleb started to look down on himself. He glanced at his phone. Skylar hadn’t contacted him for many days. She had forgotten about him so soon! 
Maisy reluctantly transferred the money to Christopher. 
One million dollars! 
She wasn’t someone who upheld the idea of saving money, so she didn’t have much savings. 
When Peter had asked her for money, she had told him that she didn’t have any. But now, she had to give it all to Christopher. 
The moment she transferred the money, she called him. “I’ve transferred the money to you. You should have received it by now. Delete those videos immediately, and tell me who gave them to you!” 
Once Christopher received the money, his eyes gleamed. “I took those videos. I was there from the start. Maisy, I did fall for you in college, but you’ll never be able to compare to Skylar.” 
“You!” 
the wis 
“Don’t worry. I’ll delete It disgusts me to even lay eyes on them.” 
After hanging up, Christopher gazed at his phone wallpaper. It was a photo of him and Skylar. 
He really missed her. He had a feeling that he would never find true love again after losing her. No one 
would love him like she had done. 
He found those videos. Just as he was about to delete them, a thought struck him. 
Maisy had many tricks up her sleeve, and there was no telling what she might do in the future. So, he’d better keep these videos as a stick to beat her with! 
Skylar continued working until noon. She only realized it was lunchtime because her stomach was 
rumbling. 
She had just left her working area when someone stood in her way. It wasn’t one of her colleagues but 
rather a stranger. 
“Ms. Sullivan, I’m Alexander’s son and also Caleb’s uncle, John Gardner. Can we talk?” John asked politely. 
He was worried he would frighten her with his solemn face. Joe would get back at him if that happened. 
Skylar was stunned. Caleb’s uncle? Did that mean Caleb was Alexander’s grandson? 
“Sure,” she agreed. 
“Let’s talk over lunch. Don’t worry, I’m friends with Mr. Martin, and I know about your relationship, sald 
John 
“Alright.” Skylar was surprised. Had Joe already told his friends about their relationship? 
John took her to the restaurant across the road. There was a crowd there since it was lunchtime. 
It was a Wiscadian restaurant. Skylar wasn’t a fan of Wiscadian cuisine. It could never satiate her, and she often got tired of it. 
After she’d had some food, John said, “Caleb probably didn’t tell you that he was related to us. He had recently started working part–time in an antique shop. From a young age, he’s always disliked being 
restricted.” 
Skylar nodded. “Is anything the matter with him?” 
She was shocked to find out that Caleb was Alexander’s grandson. 
Then again, it made sense. If Caleb had been from a poor family, he wouldn’t have known multiple languages and wouldn’t have been able to interact confidently with others. 
He wouldn’t have had the freedom to pursue whatever he liked, either. His motorcycle was surely the real thing and not a fake, like he had claimed. 
“Caleb likes you,” John said straightforwardly. 
Skylar 
shocked. “He likes me? You must have misunderstood, Mr. Gardner. He sees me as an elder sister and a friend. I’m a few years older than him, he’s like a brother to me. Besides, you know I’m married.” 
“But Caleb doesn’t know that. Societal norms don’t bother him. Even if you were ten or 20 years older than him, that wouldn’t stop him from liking you 
“After he was discharged from the hospital, he desperately started learning various things. He nearly broke down from the stress. 
“His parents aren’t in the country, so I have to look out for him. Can I please ask for your help? Could you talk to him and tell him that you’re married?” asked John. 
“Are you sure there is no misunderstanding here? Have you clarified this with Caleb?” Skylar still found it hard to believe. 
###chapter228
C 
Skylar had always assumed the role of an elder sister in her interactions with Caleb. 
Wasn’t he supposed to be interested in young women his age? Innocent and adorable women who were still in school. 
How could he have feelings for her? Skylar thought it was impossible. 
“I asked him, and that’s what he said. But don’t take this the wrong way. You were selected to join my father’s team because of your skills,” John explained. 
Skylar’s expression turned grim. “Alright. I’ll share a post on Instagram that only he can see.” 
“That’s better than confronting him face to face. You can still be friends after that.” John nodded in agreement. 
He was surprised to find that Skylar was so considerate despite her age. She was an upright and sensible 
woman. 
Besides, only a handful of people had the patience to take up something as dull as restoring antiques. Alexander had tried to train John when he had been younger. While John had put up with it for some time, he hadn’t been able to commit to the art. He was talented, but he just couldn’t stay still. 
That was why John understood why Caleb had a crush on Skylar. All he could say was Caleb had been born a few years too late and that the two weren’t meant for each other. 
After all, Skylar was now Joe’s wife. 
While Skylar and John talked, someone snapped away furiously on his phone camera, taking photos and videos of them from an inconspicuous corner of the restaurant. Then, he left in a panic. 
After leaving the restaurant, Samuel immediately sent the photos to his family. 
*Turns out John is Skylar’s sugar daddy after all! Look at the photos: I took them just now. I saw it all with my very own eyes. They were pretty intimate. 
“I heard John only frequents restaurants with his fiancée and has never done so with other women. It seems he really likes Skylar.” 
Sadie and Jeffrey had only been making assumptions earlier. They hadn’t expected to see concrete evidence so soon. 
Maisy texted, “Samuel, did you hear what they were talking about?” 
Had she been wrong before this? Had Annie purposely misled her? 
Samuel replied, “I didn’t go close enough to listen in on their conversation.” 
Peter texted, “Their conversation isn’t important. It’s more important that we can verify that they are Indeed in a relationship.” 
Kenny texted, “I don’t think that’s the case. John has just gotten engaged. Besides, I’ve thought it over, and I think that we should get to know more about Skye. Perhaps she was selected to join Mr. Gamer Senior’s team because she’s truly skilled.” 
Maisy replied, “I’ve never heard of her having such skills. But then, she may have kept it a secret all this 
while.” 
It must be John! Skylar must have become his mistress and could only live in the shadows. 
Jeffrey texted, “It’s decided, Peter, get ready. We’ll meet John tomorrow and have a good talk about this.” 
Peter agreed immediately, “Sure.” 
Sadie texted, “It’ll be better if we can make John marry Skylar.” 
Peter texted, “That’s not possible. His fiancée is Melody Clarke, the daughter of the Clarke family. Skylar is nothing compared to her. She can only be his mistress because of her looks. 
“Other than that, she has no advantage whatsoever. Mom, stop daydreaming about things that won’t come true. Otherwise, you’ll just humiliate yourself.” 
Samuel agreed, “Yeah. Let’s not be overambitious. Who knows? John may only be toying around with Skylar. When he gets bored, he may cast her aside.” 
Sadie could only sigh. “Alright.” 
Half an hour later, Skylar posted a photo on her feed. She had taken a photo of Joe from the back when they had played golf yesterday. 
In the sunset, golden rays had fallen on his slender figure. It had looked like a scene from a movie. She had snapped a photo of that moment. Who would have thought that it would come in handy now? 
Skylar posted it with a caption saying, “Let’s spend the rest of our lives together.” She adjusted her settings so that Caleb would see that post. 
After doing that, Skylar sighed. Kids these days were just too worrisome.
###chapter229
Before getting back to work, Skylar turned her phone on silent mode. Then, she poured all her attention into her task. 
Some of her colleagues were eager to know what she was like while working. When they passed by her working area, they looked in through the window. 
Only professionals in this field would know how remarkable Skylar was. 
Skylar didn’t know her colleagues were watching her as she worked, so she didn’t look up. 
A few of them thought she looked attractive when she was working. They took photos of her and sent 
them to their group chat. One by one, they started spamming the group with photos. 
Linda Jenkins texted, “She’s not only gorgeous, but her skills are also impressive. I’m envious.” 
Patrick White agreed, saying, “Same here. I wonder if I can court her.” 
Isabelle Jacques replied to him, “You might want to look at yourself in the mirror.” 
Patrick texted, “It was just a thought. Am I wrong for thinking that?” 
Linda texted, “Yes.” 
Isabelle agreed, “Yes.” 
Patrick answered, “I finally have the urge to be straight for once, yet you’re discouraging me.” 
Max Zachman texted, “I’m telling your boyfriend.” 
Patrick replied to him, “You bastard! I only have eyes for my boyfriend. Women and I will only be best friends, no matter how close we may be!” 
A heated discussion ensued in the group chat. Alexander rarely checked the group chat. After all, it had been created for the younger team members to communicate. 
But he had nothing to do at that moment. After chatting with his old friends, he casually skimmed through the messages. When he saw what they were saying, he was rendered speechless. 
Skylar’s brilliance was evident to everyone who had sound judgment. 
But why couldn’t she become his granddaughter–in–law? What had Caleb been doing? Why hadn’t he gotten to know her a few months earlier? 
Oh, that good–for–nothing! Alexander figured Caleb might need to be comforted today after getting his 
heart broken. 
At that thought, he called John. “Postpone any dinner parties you have tonight. Caleb is going to be heartbroken. You should go home and play video games with him or go for a ride with him 
After forcing himself to read a few more pages, Caleb couldn’t restrain himself from turning on his Instagram. He scrolled his feed. 
Skylar rarely posted anything. She only did it once in a blue moon. He checked out her new post. However, his eyes widened at what he saw. 
This post… Was she already in another relationship? Or could it be… 
“The rest of our lives“? Could she be married? 
Caleb’s face paled. “Did someone hack her account? Hadn’t she just broken up with a jerk? How is she already married all of a sudden? That’s unexpected!” 
He immediately called Skylar. But his call went unanswered. 
So, he commented on her post. “Skylar, did you post this? You didn’t, right? Has someone hacked your account? Or have you lost your phone? You didn’t pick up my call.” 
He knew Skylar’s habits–she would almost never check her phone while working. It would be on silent mode most of the time. 
He panicked. He hadn’t thought out his confession to her yet, but she was already married? 
Refusing to give in, Caleb stared at the man in the photo. 
He seemed almost the same height as Caleb, and judging from his build, he clearly worked out often. However, his choice of clothes told Caleb that he was older than him.
###chapter230
Caleb waited. 
Later, Skylar checked her phone once she was done with her work. When she saw Caleb’s question, she replied, “Yes, I posted this. I’m married.” 
Caleb felt his world crumble when he read her reply. He was absolutely dumbstruck. 
“You didn’t forgive that jerk because he begged you for forgiveness, did you?” Caleb refused to give up. 
“He’s not the one I married; it’s someone else my relatives introduced me to. We’re pleased with each other. Don’t worry; this time, I thought it through.” 
Caleb’s eyes reddened. He had no choice but to reply, “I wish you all the happiness.” 
When Alexander and John returned home, they saw Caleb with reddened eyes. 
He seemed to be on the verge of bursting into tears. The books scattered across the bed were now neatly. stacked into a pile on one side. 
Alexander and John exchanged a glance. It was Caleb’s first time having his heart broken. He seemed fine for now. 
“What’s wrong?” Alexander asked even though he knew the answer. 
Caleb looked at him. His almond–shaped eyes looked hurt. “I’m heartbroken.” 
“That’s no big deal. You can’t be a true man without going through a few heartbreaks,” said John casually, seemingly having experienced the same situation. 
Rendered speechless, Caleb shot him a glance. “Going through that many heartbreaks only makes you a flirt. How else would you have your heart broken so many times? You and I are different.” 
“Different or not, you’re heartbroken too, right?” Joe was about to kick him. But considering that Caleb was probably feeling down, he decided not to hold it against Caleb. 
Alexander was speechless. He slapped John on the head. “Be nice.” 
How worrisome! John was Caleb’s uncle; didn’t he know how to behave like one? 
John felt wronged. “Dad, why did you hit me? He’s still young. People his age fall in love every now and then. He’s bound to get his heart broken more than a few times.” 
“It’s different. You know how great Skylar is. I will never find another woman who’s as great as her!” 
Caleb’s heart ached at that thought. 
Who on earth was that man? He had made a move so quickly! 
“There are many women out there. Let’s see what you think after ten years,” said John. 
He had gone through the same phase ten years ago and had thought that there were no other decent women in this world. Back then, when he had gotten dumped, he had thought it was the end of the world. 
Now, he realized he had been too young at that time to know better. 
Alexander chimed in, “As you get older and reach my age, you’ll learn to move on no matter what happens. 
Caleb didn’t know what to say as he looked at them. 
“Moving on is not a problem. I’ve already moved on! It doesn’t matter that she’s married. I can be her younger brother or friend; that will last forever. In contrast, marriages won’t necessarily last forever.” 
Oh! Had he already moved on? Alexander and John were surprised. 
He was a Gardner, after all; having a carefree nature was innate to them. 
“I’ll wait for that man to do something foolish and divorce her. By then, I’ll be all grown–up, so I’ll be able to marry her! I’ll just wait for that day to come!” Caleb narrowed his eyes, as though he could envision that happening already. 
Upon hearing that, Alexander and John were dazed. 
That… Well, that would do. 
At least he had moved on. 
Joe came to pick Skylar up from work. They sat in the backseat of the car as Lucas drove smoothly. 
Joe asked, “Do you want to have dinner outside or at home?” 
“Let’s have it at home. We’ve been eating out for the past few days. My stomach’s starting to feel uneasy,” 
Skylar replied. 
It was fine to eat out occasionally, but having outside food too frequently would lead to an upset 
stomach. 
Truth be told, Joe missed her cooking. So, he said, “Alright.” 
###chapter231
Skylar leaned against the car and fell asleep soon. 
When Joe saw the fatigue on Skylar’s face, he recalled the photo John had sent him today. 
Skylar was extremely focused while working. Joe was pretty sure anyone who saw that photo would be unable to tear their eyes away from her. 
It seemed that he still didn’t know her well enough. 
Moreover, she never deliberately showed her good side to him. Whenever she was with him, she was 
sincere, natural, and casual. 
Subconsciously, his gaze became a bit more focused at that moment. 
Lucas was shocked when he noticed Joe intensely looking at Skylar. 
It seemed that Joe liked Skylar. He had even taken the initiative to pick up Skylar from work today. 
Lucas drove Joe to and from work almost every day, and he had never seen him treat a woman the way 
he was treating Skylar now, 
Skylar’s phone suddenly rang while she was sleeping soundly. The ringtone broke the silence in the car. 
Still a little groggy, Skylar opened her eyes. She was stunned for a moment when she found herself leaning on Joe’s shoulder. 
But she didn’t have time to say anything to Joe because she had already answered the phone. 
“Skye, the plan has changed. I’ll be gone on a business trip tomorrow and the day after. Can I see your tonight?” Steven asked. 
Skylar glanced at Joe. She wasn’t sure if he was available now that the meeting had been pushed forward. 
Joe had heard Steven’s request since it was very quiet in the car. He nodded. 
Skylar was a little surprised by Joe’s easy–going nature. “Sure, Steven. I’ll send you the restaurant’s 
address later.” 
“Okay,” Steven said. He had been worried for the past couple of days. 
At first, he had thought that he would be able to meet Joe the day after tomorrow. However, he unexpectedly had to go on a business trip. His trip could be as short as one or two days, or it could end up being a week long. 
He was really worried about Skylar; he feared that she had met a scumbag again. After all, Christopher had taught them all a huge lesson. 
There weren’t many good men in the world. 
Skylar became fully awake after the call ended. During the call earlier, her eyes had had a distant look, as if she were in a dream. 
Beside her, Joe’s thin lips curled slightly. He couldn’t help but think that she had looked really cute just 
now. 
“I’m going to look for a restaurant. What do you want to eat?” Skylar asked. 
Perhaps because she had just woken up, her voice was a little coquettish as she spoke. 
Joe was in a good mood after hearing her voice. A faint smile flashed in his eyes. “You can book any restaurant that serves the food Steven likes,” he said. 
Skylar couldn’t help laughing when she thought of Steven’s favorite place to go. She exclaimed, “Really?” 
“Yeah.” 
“You’d better not regret it,” Skylar warned playfully. She imagined Joe, the CEO in a suit, eating skewers at a restaurant. She couldn’t help her urge to laugh. 
Seeing her mischievous smile, Joe raised his eyebrows and asked, “A barbeque restaurant?” 
He remembered the photo Paul had sent him not too long ago. Skylar had been eating barbecue at a 
restaurant with a man. 
Joe figured the man must have been one of her brothers. 
Skylar hadn’t expected Joe to guess it. She asked in a surprised tone, “How did you know?” 
Joe curled his thin lips slightly. “You guess,” he said. 
“You’ll tell me when you want to. You can keep it a secret for now.” Skylar hadn’t expected Joe to pull 
such a trick. 
She had heard people say that no matter how old a man was, he would always have a childish side. She understood that now. 
But she wasn’t going to go along and make a guess! 
###chapter232
It wasn’t dark yet, but the restaurant was already full of people. 
Skylar and Joe arrived first. Fortunately, they had reserved a table with the restaurant owner in advance. Otherwise, they would have had to wait in line. 
The lively outdoor area was filled with the sound of people chatting. 
After taking their seats, Skylar picked up the menu and ordered a lot of dishes that she and Steven liked. 
Perhaps it was because she had taken a nap in the car, so she was energized now. She felt like she could eat all the dishes on the menu. 
“Have a look and see what you want to eat,” Skylar said as she handed the menu to Joe. 
Joe took the menu and saw the densely packed list of dishes. He ordered beef skewers and noodles according to his preference. 
He wasn’t interested in other things. He had never been to a barbecue restaurant before. It wasn’t that he hadn’t wanted to, but rather that time hadn’t allowed it. He had also had no one to accompany him. 
Now that he was here with Skylar, he actually didn’t know what to eat. 
Skylar could guess as much. She pondered for a while and ordered some more dishes. 
“I think these are some dishes you might like. You can give them a try,” she said. 
Joe was also quite interested, so he replied, “Okay.” 
Steven hadn’t been far away and came over soon. When he got there, he could see a man sitting with Skylar from where he was standing. 
However, since he was still a bit far away and there were a lot of people, he couldn’t clearly see who it 
was. 
He just felt like the man was familiar, as if he had seen him somewhere before. 
But why had he come to eat in a place like this in a suit? 
When Skylar had told Steven that they were eating at a barbeque restaurant, he had chosen to wear at loose T–shirt and casual shorts instead of dressing formally. 
Now, compared to that man, he seemed to lack presence. It made him a little annoyed. 
But wearing a suit didn’t necessarily mean having presence. He would find out soon enough whether Joe was good or bad. 
When Steven got closer, he felt that the more he looked at Joe, the more familiar he seemed. 
He really felt that he had seen Joe somewhere. 
“Steven.” Skylar looked up and noticed that Steven had arrived. 
Joe stood up with Skylar and greeted, “Hello.” 
Looking at Joe up close was just like looking at him from a distance just now. He had a majestic air about him, something that didn’t seem fitting for someone so young. 
In fact, now that Steven looked at him, he realized Joe was very handsome. It was the kind of appearance 
that could confuse young women. 
But some people were like beasts in human form. Even if they looked dignified, they could actually be very unimpressive. 
Steven scrutinized Joe, trying to see through him from the inside out with just one glance. Unfortunately, Joe was very mysterious. 
As Steven observed Joe, he became even more certain that he had seen Joe somewhere before. 
“I’m Skye’s brother, Steven.” Steven introduced himself to Joe. 
Joe replied, “I’m Skye’s husband, Joe Martin.” 
Skylar watched the two introduce themselves very formally. For a moment, she didn’t dare to interrupt. 
She had never seen Steven look at someone so sharply, as if he had knives in his eyes and he wanted to cut open Joe to see whether he was a good person or not. 
On second thought, she realized Steven must have become protective after how things had turned out between her and Christopher. 
At the thought of this possibility, she felt incredibly sorry for her family and the people who cared about 
her. 
She had really been blinded by love before. 
“Joe Martin?” Steven frowned. 
That name.. 
“What do you do?” Steven asked. 
Joe replied earnestly, “I’m the CEO of Martin Group, Steven’s eyes widened at the revelation. 
###chapter233
Steven stared at Joe in disbelief. 
Then, he looked at Skylar in amazement and asked, “Where did you find this actor?” 
Actor? 
Steven wondered if this man was relying on the fact that he looked like Joe Martin to deceive Skylar, 
Joe laughed when he heard Steven accuse him of being an actor. 
“Steven, he’s not an actor. He’s really Joe Martin. We got the marriage certificate. Here, I’ll show you the photo.” Skylar happened to have photos of their marriage certificate on her phone. 
Steven looked at the photos on Skylar’s phone doubtfully. 
He could tell if the photos were modified. It was indeed a real marriage certificate. He also saw the date on the marriage certificate. 
“Are you really Joe Martin? Mr. Martin, CEO of Martin Group?” Steven felt as if he was in a dream. None of it seemed real. 
Of course, he knew who Joe Martin was. In fact, he also knew very well about Martin Group’s influence in Jipsburg. 
He just hadn’t expected Skye’s husband to be Joe Martin! 
Joe smiled slightly and replied, “Yes.” 
Steven was still a little worried. He was afraid that Skylar had hired an actor with a similar appearance to Joe Martin to reassure him, so he immediately did an online search on Joe. 
As expected, he found Joe. There were all kinds of high–definition photos of him. Anyone who usually paid attention to financial news would definitely notice Joe. 
Steven had seen Joe’s interview, but seeing someone who looked like him on TV and in real life only made him think they looked alike. He wouldn’t assume it was the same person. 
Skylar didn’t know how to react. It was obvious that Steven still didn’t believe her. 
“Steven, do you remember when I told you about Grandma Gloria? He’s her grandson. Grandma Gloria. was the one who introduced us to each other and facilitated our marriage,” Skylar explained. 
Seeing how Steven still looked doubtful and had even started to check various information on his phone. Skylar immediately brought up Gloria. 
Steven and the others knew about Gloria. Gloria was Viola’s friend; since they trusted Viola, they naturally 
trusted her friends as well. 
Upon hearing that, Steven put down his phone and looked at Skylar in shock. “Why didn’t you say so earlier?” 
Skylar glanced at Joe. Their marriage had been a secret from the start, so she couldn’t tell anyone. Just when she was about to speak, Joe beat her to it. 
“Because of some relationships in the Martin family, Skye and I came to an agreement of our 
on the dow wedding. We decided to keep our marriage a secret for the time being and not announce it. 
“Once the news of our marriage is announced, there will certainly be some troubles. After I settle some 
matters, I will announce our marriage.” 
Since Joe wanted to continue being with Skylar, he naturally had to let people in Jipsburg know that Skylar was his wife. 
That would help them avoid people who had ill intentions, like Caleb. 
Skylar nodded. ‘Steven, I just started working. For the time being, I also hope that people won’t know that 
I’m married.” 
Steven was still a little shocked. He took a few sips of beer and said, “Give me some time to process this 
situation. I’ll think about it.” 
In fact, he wanted to calm down. He had never expected that Skye would throw such a huge bomb at him. After all, the man in front of him was none other than Joe Martin! 
Steven knew that many celebrities in Jipsburg wanted to marry Joe. 
Moreover, he had some classmates who were celebrities as well. They would always say that they wanted to marry Joe and that it was better to be single than to marry someone else! 
Who would have thought that Joe would be his brother–in–law? And now they were having skewers together in a barbecue restaurant! 
For a moment, Steven had mixed feelings. 
However, he quickly calmed down as he thought of the most crucial thing. 
So many people had their eyes on Joe, yet he had chosen Skylar. Did he truly like her? 
Steven stared at Joe and asked, “Do you like Skye?” 
###chapter234
Skylar jumped in shock. “Steven, our marriage was arranged. We have feelings for each other now and hope that our relationship will develop more smoothly.” 
How could there be like or dislike between them? 
She and Joe were already married. Although they had decided to continue their relationship, they were actually just living together. 
In the future, they would have an extra bed and meal companion, at most. 
Joe frowned slightly. In his opinion, Skylar’s attitude made it seem like she was trying to distance herself from their relationship. This made him sure that she didn’t like him. 
Steven thought Skylar’s answer was very normal and within expectations. 
After all, they had been introduced to each other by Gloria and had only gotten married because they had a good impression of each other. 
is question 
had indeed been a bit blunt. 
“Okay, it seems that you two get along well. If you have any problems, you can discuss them together to resolve them,” Steven said. 
There was nothing wrong with having an arranged marriage. 
Skylar and Christopher had known each other for so many years, and look how that had ended. Christopher had turned out to be a scumbag who had still betrayed Skylar in the end. 
“Okay, don’t worry.” Joe promised. He would give Skylar all the respect he could. 
Steven was very satisfied. He hadn’t expected Joe to be so easy–going. He had heard some people say that one must have a strong heart to get in touch with Joe. 
They had also said that one must be very careful when speaking with him as one might anger him without realizing it. 
Skylar finally felt relieved when she saw that Steven had finally accepted that it was really Joe and eased his attitude toward him. 
After dinner, Steven, Skylar, and Joe went their separate ways. 
As Steven took the subway home, he was still a little confused. Suddenly, he realized something. 
With Joe’s status, he shouldn’t have to go on an arranged date to get married. Why would he suddenly agree to his elders‘ arrangement? 
Could it be that he was lacking in some aspect? 
Now that Steven had thought of this possibility, he feared that he might not be able to sleep tonight. He 
decided that he would indirectly ask Skylar about it next time. 
Yet, he was a grown man. He couldn’t talk to his sister about this kind of thing. Suddenly, Steven felt a headache coming. Perhaps he had drunk too much beer. 
Either way, Skylar and Joe were already married, so Steven could wait and see. He would think of a solution when he came back from his business trip. 
He couldn’t let Skylar down. 
The next day, a car suddenly stopped in front of the gates of Gardner Manor. 
Although there would normally be guests, given the fact that it was a Saturday, the maid, Suzy Hayes, would normally know about any guests who were visiting one day in advance. 
When Suzy saw that the people who got out of the car were all strangers, she asked in confusion, “Excuse me, may I know who you are?” 
“We’re here to see Mr. Gardner, Jeffrey said directly. He had already adopted a somewhat senior attitude. He had his own plans. If possible, he wanted to make sure Skylar stayed with John. After all, with John as a backer, Williams Group would rise higher in Jipsburg. 
Perhaps even Martin Group would treat them differently for Gardner family’s sake. So, Jeffrey needed to ensure that Skylar stayed with John. 
It would be best if he could expose their relationship. 
Peter looked at the Gardner family’s magnificent manor enviously. In Jipsburg, there were only a few families with such a profound background. Compared to such families, the Williams family seemed Inadequate. 
Suzy didn’t recognize Jeffrey, but seeing his demeanor, she was a little unsure and asked, “May I ask who you are?” 
“I’m Skylar’s father,” Jeffrey said while standing tall. 
Skylar? 
###chapter235
Suzy recognized the name. The woman Caleb liked was called Skylar, but he had seemed heartbroken yesterday. 
So why was Jeffrey here to see John? What was going 
Suzy ran in immediately 
on? 
When John heard that Jeffrey wanted to see him, he was a little surprised. Logically speaking, shouldn’t Jeffrey go to see Joe? What was going on? 
Feeling doubtful, John let Suzy bring the guests in. 
When Jeffrey and the others saw Suzy inviting them in, they felt more confident that their guess was indeed correct. 
Moreover, it was also apparent that John probably liked Skylar very much. 
Peter sneered. He had always looked down on Skylar because he felt ashamed to have a sister from the countryside. Despite that, he now felt that Skylar had some capabilities. 
The fact that John, who was surrounded by beautiful women, liked her meant that she was stronger than Peter had thought. 
Sadie was actually quite vain inwardly. She could act haughty in front of Janine, but when facing a real aristocratic family, she truly felt a bit insecure and lacked confidence. 
Looking at the luxurious manor in front of her, she felt very jealous. She hoped that the Williams family could grow and have such a large manor in the future. 
Yet, they didn’t see John when they went into the manor. 
Suzy explained that John was busy and would come later. She asked the Williamses to wait for a while. 
In reality, John was upstairs at that moment. He was silently observing the family sitting downstairs. He hesitated and eventually took a photo. Then, he sent it to Joe. 
Since it was the weekend, Joe should also be home. 
And indeed he was. At that moment, Joe was having breakfast with Skylar. The two had returned home 
late last night and had slept in since it was the weekend. 
By the time they had woken up, it was already past eight in the morning. Skylar had made bread toasts as 
a simple breakfast. 
While they were eating, Joe received a message from John on WhatsApp. He casually opened it to have a look. 
When he saw Jeffrey, Peter, and Sadie, he subtly raised an eyebrow. 
Skylar noticed that Joe was somewhat focused on his phone. She thought that he had some work, so she 
22 
didn’t disturb him and ate quietly. 
However, Joe handed the phone to her. 
“Are they your biological parents?” 
When Skylar heard this, she frowned. Why would he mention those scumbags? Confused, she took the phone from Joe. 
She saw Jeffrey and the other two sitting in a luxurious manor. The three of them were chatting, and Skylar could also see Suzy bringing in tea on the side. 
“What are they doing?” 
“They went to see John in your name. Now, John doesn’t know what they plan to do,” Joe explained. 
Skylar replied coldly, “Please tell Mr. Gardner that I have no relationship with them. If they really want to be related to me, then I can say that they are all my enemies.” 
Joe looked at the cold glint of pain in Skylar’s eyes and nodded. “Okay, I’ll talk to John.” 
Skylar became more quiet while eating. She knew that the Williams family was shameless. 
“If you find them annoying, just use my name, and they won’t dare to disturb you in Jipsburg next time,” 
Joe added. 
Skylar glanced up at Joe. She felt protected and somewhat moved. “They will only become even more shameless and try to take advantage of you,” she said. 
Joe smiled and replied, “They won’t dare do that to me.” 
The Williams family was despicable, but his methods were even more unsavory compared to theirs. If they wanted to court death, he would oblige them. 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
###chapter236
After receiving Joe’s reply, John walked downstairs. 
Upon hearing Suzy greet him with “Mr. Gardner“, the three members of the Williams family immediately looked toward John. 
Facing John, the three appeared slightly less imposing. 
Peter, in particular, was only two or three years apart from John. They could basically be considered as peers, but in front of John, he felt intimidated. 
“Mr. Gardner, we came here today to talk about you and Skye.” Jeffrey spoke first. 
John, who had just sat down, was slightly surprised when he heard him. He asked, Me and Skylar?” 
He had only met Skylar once. What could have happened? 
“Yes, we already know that Skylar is your secret lover. We didn’t know about this before. Skylar hid it from us out of fear of being blamed,” Peter quickly added. 
Jeffrey nodded and explained. “Our family is very strict. We don’t tolerate anyone in the family undermining others‘ relationships. 
“Skye has been quite immature. However, it takes two to tango. Mr. Gardner, you 
must have pursued Skye as well, right?” 
“Skye has always listened to us. She is also very sensible. She must be suffering from a guilty conscience now that she’s with you,” Sadie chimed in. 
John realized what was going on after listening to them. His handsome face turned 
solemn. 
It was no wonder Joe had said that the Williams family wasn’t related to Skylar and 
that there was no need to be polite to them. 
It seemed that the Williamses had misunderstood his relationship with Skylar. But 
John wanted to know what their real intentions were in coming to see him. 
“Just state your purpose,” John demanded in a cold tone. 
The three exchanged glances. They sensed John’s indifferent attitude toward them. So, they began to feel nervous. 
However, they still thought they could try. 
Jeffrey said, “We accept your relationship with Skylar, but we hope you can help our family through this difficult time.” 
“Helping us is also equivalent to helping yourself,” Peter added. 
John had a clear understanding of the situation now. He stood up and said coldly,” 
You have all been mistaken. Skylar and I have nothing to do with each other.” 
Upon seeing this, Peter took out his phone and showed John the photo that Samuel 
had taken earlier. 
“We have photos as evidence to prove your relationship with Skylar.” 
John glanced at the photo. It was a scene of him having lunch with Skylar in a restaurant yesterday afternoon. 
He hadn’t expected someone to take photos of him. What was even more 
unexpected was that the Williams family had come to him to sell out Skylar. 
It was no wonder Skylar didn’t acknowledge them. They were a pack of ambitious, 
heartless wolves. 
“Just because of a photo of Skylar and me having lunch together, you 
misunderstand our relationship? If you continue to cause trouble, I’ll have my lawyer speak to you. Do you think you can bear the consequences of damaging my 
reputation?” John warned expressionlessly. 
The three were stunned, especially Jeffrey and Peter. They hadn’t expected John to 
be so resolute. 
They had thought that John might not help them easily, but they hadn’t anticipated that he would completely deny his relationship with Skylar and even threaten to sue them! 
The tables had turned. 
“You can’t fake the truth or lie. If you hadn’t supported Skylar, how could she have 
joined Mr. Gardner Senior’s team? Your words might fool others, but they certainly can’t fool us!” Sadie said anxiously. 
Hearing Sadie question Skylar’s abilities and question Alexander’s hiring standards. made John feel a surge of anger. 
“You dare to slander my dad? You Williamses sure have some nerve. Have you any have some nerve. Have you any 
idea who the Gardners are in Jipsburg?” John asked. 
While speaking, he typed a message to Joe. “The Williams family is really something. They think I’m in a relationship with Skylar and claim that she joined my dad’s team because of me. To save their own company, they want Skylar to stay with me. How blind can they be?”
###chapter237
Peter’s expression suddenly changed. 
He had some doubts. Could it be that they found the wrong person? Was it really not 
John? 
But the photo showed both of them clearly, so it had to be real. 
Peter said, “Do you have any concerns? Are you afraid that your fiancée will find out? We will not publicize this matter. After all, it will also affect our family’s reputation. 
“Our request is very simple. As long as you help us Williams, we will let Skylar stay with you peacefully. We will not disturb your family.” Peter gritted his teeth and made their purpose clearer. 
Anyway, in his opinion, it was Skylar’s honor to make even a little contribution to their 
family. 
Sadie frowned and felt that he shouldn’t have said that. It was as if Skylar was just a 
tool for them to use. 
As for John, he thought the Williamses were a joke. 
They didn’t treat their own daughter well; first they had been pushing for Skylar to be someone’s mistress and then they had questioned her abilities. 
What else could such family members be if not enemies? 
“Give Connor a call,” John said to Suzy beside him. 
Suzy immediately went to make the call to Connor Coleman, the Gardners‘ lawyer. 
Seeing John act decisively as if he didn’t care about anything at all, Jeffery became 
furious. 
“Aren’t you 
afraid that Skylar will find out your true colors? You’re utterly rude to her parents. She will definitely be angry,” he warned. 
“You should be well aware of what the consequences will be if outsiders or your 
fiancée were to find out about your affair,” Sadie threatened. 
They had tomake sure John helped them today. The worst–case scenario was to sever ties completely and have John abandon Skylar. 
“Mr. Gardner, Mr. Coleman said he will be here in five minutes.” Suzy came over to 
inform John immediately after making the call. 
Jeffrey and Sadie still didn’t take the situation seriously and thought that John was just afraid that his relationship would be exposed. They thought he was only acting. 
But Peter’s expression changed. 
Could it be that they were mistaken? 
Since John had called Connor, it meant that things were going to get serious. 
John glanced at his watch. Then, he took out his phone and chatted with Joe. 
Joe replied decisively, “When did you become so good–tempered? Have you turned 
into a softie after taking over the Gardner family? If Jacob comes back, he might be 
too embarrassed to leave the house.” 
Jacob Gardner was John’s elder brother. John was so furious that he couldn’t even 
breathe. Joe was still as irritating as ever. 
“Do you think Skylar can tolerate you being so annoying?” 
“You don’t have to worry.” 
John rolled his eyes. 
At the same time, Connor arrived at Gardner Manor. Before he had come there, he 
had learned about the situation from Suzy. 
He wondered how there could be such problematic people in this world. 
And there were even three of them? 
They had just shown up at Gardner Manor and caused trouble with John. Were they 
not afraid of death? 
“Are you the ones who slandered my client, Mr. Gardner? And you intend to threaten my client to work with you?” Conner asked Jeffrey and the other two in a cold tone. 
The Williamses‘ expressions immediately changed upon hearing Connor speak. 
Ten minutes later, the three of them walked out of Gardner Manor, looking rather 
disheveled. 
Suzy almost wanted to chase them out with a broom. 
“Could it be that we’ve made a mistake?” 
###chapter238
After realizing that they were most likely mistaken, the Williamses‘ faces turned pale. 
They drove their car a distance away. Peter couldn’t bear it any longer and stopped the car by the roadside. 
“Dad, if it isn’t John, then we have basically offended the Gardner family again!” 
Jeffrey was gloomy. “If it isn’t John, then who else could it be?” he asked. 
“Maybe we have misunderstood Skylar, and she’s actually fine?” Sadie asked, considering all possibilities. 
This entire time, Skylar had never admitted it, no matter how much they had questioned her. It was just that they hadn’t believed her. 
“There must be someone backing her up. Otherwise, how could she have joined Mr. Gardner Senior’s team?” Peter always looked down on Skylar. 
In his eyes Chal 
man’s eye. 
was a woman with no real talent–just a face that could catch a 
Yet, she had managed to join a team that so many people in Jipsburg dreamed to be 
a part of. If someone claimed that she relied on real skills to do so, that would truly 
be a big joke! 
“She’s not close to us now, and she wants to leave whenever she sees us. No matter 
how much we ask her, she won’t tell the truth. We can only confront her with 
evidence,” Sadie said while staring at the photo on her phone. 
She still believed that it should be John. That was the only way things made sense.. 
“Let Kenny take the photo to ask Skylar,” Jeffrey said to Peter. 
Peter pondered for a while and replied, “Okay.” 
Skylar had changed her clothes and was coming downstairs. She had made plans to go out with Natalie. Joe also had an appointment, but he was waiting for her so that 
they could leave together. 
“John said that he has chased them away. 
23 
Skylar nodded. “They won’t give up so easily. If Mr. Gardner’s fiancée has any misunderstandings, I can explain it things to her. Could you please help me tell Mr. 
Gardner that?” 
“They don’t deserve to be your family,” Joe said firmly. 
“Do you know why I agreed to marry you so quickly that day? It’s because when you saw Maisy, you didn’t believe her. You’re different from those people in the Williams family. You can quickly and
accurately identify a bad person. 
“In the future, I thought we could treat each other with respect. There definitely wouldn’t be so many complications then. I expected to have this kind of life, so our future looks promising.” Skylar expressed how she felt deep down. 
Joe looked at Skylar with a meaningful look. The words “treat each other with respect 
were inexplicably harsh. 
“Trusting each other is the most important thing. Your family may be shady, but compared to some of my family members, they’re just small fry. Skylar, by marrying me, you actually did me a favor,” Joe said. 
Skylar smiled. “Since you took advantage of me, you must treat me well in the future. Otherwise, those so–called wolves and tigers behind you will scare me, and I will definitely run faster than anyone else.” 
She hadn’t asked him about his other family members besides Gloria. Gloria had also never mentioned the other people in the Martin family. 
The fact that they hadn’t been mentioned indicated that they were either not worth mentioning or simply not like Joe and Gloria. 
Joe smiled. His black eyes seemed to sparkle as if they had stars in them. 
Charles didn’t have any acting scenes that day, so he came back to Yancey Residence with two big bags in his hands. The bags were filled with things he had bought for Janine and Harvey. 
33 
There was food and daily necessities, as well as a pair of basketball shoes for Harvey. Harvey liked to play basketball, but he didn’t have a good pair of shoes for it. 
Charles had recently taken on a supporting role with a high pay. Therefore, he wanted to improve his family’s life as soon as possible. 
He had also bought a handbag for Skye. 
“Mom, I haven’t seen you cook a table of dishes since I came back before. Why are 
you cooking so much today? Isn’t Skye not coming back today?” Charles asked. 
Charles‘ eyes widened in surprise when he suddenly witnessed such high–level 
treatment. 
All the dishes on the table were Janine’s best dishes. Although they had been eating them since they were young, they had never grown tired of them. The food outside was not as good as Janine’s cooking. 
To him, the food he ate with the film crew was merely a form of sustenance to keep hunger at bay. 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise R
###chapter239
Every once in a while, Charles had wanted to come back to eat food made by Janine. 
Janine was cooking and didn’t hear Charles‘ question. 
Harvey walked out of his room holding a book and said coldly, “Because there will be 
a guest.” 
“A guest?” Charles asked in confusion. 
Since when did they have guests come to their house? They had just moved to Jipsburg not long ago and had no relatives here. 
As for their friends, they would usually meet up outside rather than invite them home. 
Could it be that Janine made new friends at work and invited them over? 
Harvey made a sour face and took a glance at the kitchen. “It’s Maisy,” he said. 
Upon hearing her name, Charles frowned and became gloomy as well. “Her?” 
“Mom said Maisy knows she was wrong,” Harvey said with a sneer. 
If Maisy knew she was wrong, then pigs could fly. One wouldn’t come to you if they hadn’t something to ask of you. Maisy must have ill intentions. 
Charles frowned deeply and asked, “And Mom believed her?” 
Then, he looked at the dishes on the table and frowned deeper. “It seems she did. 
Okay, then I’ll see what Maisy plans to do.” 
Did she really think that she was the only smart one, and everyone else was a fool? 
Maisy was definitely up to no good. 
“I feel sick at the thought of eating with her,” Harven said, his brows furrowing tightly. 
Both Harvey and Charles felt that Janine was too easy to deceive. 
They had met Maisy several times before and had seen what kind of person she was. There must be an ulterior motive behind her sudden change in attitude. 
Maisy was at the door of the unit downstairs. 
It was her first time there. She stared at the rundown community, where the dark unit 
building was located. The unit’s door didn’t even have a lock. It was just left wide 
open. 
Decked out in branded attire, she was completely out of place there. 
Someone happened to come downstairs and whistled when he saw her. Maisy was utterly disgusted. The people living there were too uncultured! 
She endured her disgust and walked up the stairs in her high heels. 
There were seven floors in total. Janine and her family lived on the seventh floor. 
The higher up Maisy climbed, the more disgusted she felt. 
She would never return to Janine’s family! She absolutely couldn’t live such a hard 
life. If she had to live such a hard life, it would be no different from death for her. 
However, she would endure it if she wanted to leave Skylar with nowhere to go. 
Maisy arrived on the seventh floor and knocked on the door. 
No one answered immediately. 
Charles and Harvey didn’t want to open the door. 
However, after glancing at Janine, who was busy in the kitchen, Charles said 
helplessly, “Then, let’s let Mom give up completely.” 
“You’re my older brother. You open the door,” Harvey said, looking at the door as if he 
were looking at some kind of monster. 
He could still vividly remember what had happened at the mall the last time. 
Charles raised his eyebrows and went to open the door. 
“Brother,” Maisy greeted with a sweet smile the moment she saw Charles. 
Charles felt a chill run down his arm, forming goosebumps. “Your brother is Peter. 
Don’t call me that,” he said. 
Maisy secretly gritted her teeth but maintained her sweet smile. She replied, “He’s 
also my brother, but you’re my biological brother.” 
###chapter240
Charles snorted. “Then, move back here, and I’ll let you address me as your brother.” 
“My adoptive mom is in poor health and needs my care. I also want to move back, 
but she has raised me. I can’t be unfilial.” Maisy responded, struggling to stay calm. 
Had she really changed and learned her lesson? Charles stared at Maisy suspiciously. 
Harvey approached them and said coldly, “Faker.” 
Damn it! Maisy really wanted to slap him. 
“Harvey, it was a misunderstanding before. Everyone has moments of impulsiveness and irrationality. I just didn’t adapt as quickly as Skylar. I still hadn’t accepted my true. 
identity at the time,” Maisy explained. 
Although Harvey was young, he wasn’t easily fooled. “You want to subtly make us suspect Skylar and hate her again, huh?” 
He was not that stupid. 
“I don’t care how you tricked Mom, but if I find out that you made her sad, I’ll kill you.” Harvey narrowed his eyes and threatened. 
Charles also added coldly, “If you dare to bring up Skylar again, I will beat you to 
death. 
Looking at the two people in front of her, who were completely hostile toward her, Maisy tightly grasped her bag. 
Fine! She would see how they would try to please her in the future and then. 
apologize to her for defending Skylar today! 
“Is that Maisy? Why are you all standing outside? Come in quickly.” Janine saw Harvey and Charles standing at the door and immediately walked over to them while 
speaking. 
“Yes, Mom. I’m here,” Maisy immediately responded obediently. 
Charles and Harvey exchanged glances and made way for Maisy. 
After Maisy came in, she was taken aback by the scene in the room. It was 
horrendous! 
Simply too horrendous! 
The furniture in the house looked like it had been there for many years. Although 
they weren’t broken, they were old and had a cheap smell. 
Luckily, the place was very clean. Otherwise, she wouldn’t have wanted to come in. 
Charles and Harvey saw the disgust in Maisy’s eyes. 
Sure enough, she had just been pretending earlier! 
At Hughes Residence, Skylar noticed Natalie looking a little haggard. 
“Can’t sleep?” 
“I heard my mom talk about my cousin, Nancy, last night, and then I went to chat with Nancy until midnight.” Natalie yawned. 
Her eyes were red and swollen. It was obvious that she cried last night. 
“Nancy?” Skylar seemed to recall Natalie mentioning Nancy Turner before. 
It seemed that she had gotten pregnant before her marriage two years ago. She had been a housewife since she had gotten married with a big belly. 
Before she had gotten married, she had been the belle of the dance department at Jipsburg University. She had been all set to join the National Dance Team before she 
had gotten pregnant. 
Natalie had felt very sorry for her at that time. 
If she hadn’t gotten pregnant before marriage, she would have been a lead dancer by 
now. 
Natalie explained. “It’s her. She gave birth to a daughter last year. Then, she wanted to realize her dream again this year, but her parents–in–law stopped her, saying that they couldn’t take care of the baby.” 
“They didn’t trust the nanny either, so they asked her to stay home full–time to care for the baby and look after her. 
“Her husband, Floyd Wilson, also thought that she shouldn’t be so selfish and leave the baby alone when she was so young.” Natalie’s eyes became red as she spoke. 
Skylar looked solemn. She helped Natalie sit on the couch. 
After Natalie sat down, she continued, “Although Nancy felt very disappointed, she could only endure it due to the family’s opposition. 
“But a few days ago, while she was browsing on her phone, she came across a livestream on street photography of good–looking people. There, she saw Floyd and another woman entering a hotel!“
###chapter241
“She said Floyd hadn’t touched her for a long time. Ever since she gave birth, he has 
disliked her for being out of shape. He also said she looked ugly when she gave birth 
and couldn’t forget the scene.” 
Natalie felt so uneasy that she suddenly decided not to have children. She was afraid that Jeremy would detest her and that she would lose her true self. 
She intended to work. She had recently graduated from college and wasn’t ready for 
a baby. 
“What did Nancy decide to do?” Skylar asked. 
“She told her family about it, and she’s preparing to divorce Floyd. She’s collecting 
evidence of him cheating now. 
“She plans to open a dance training institution for children later. She said she doesn’t want to lose her true self anymore. 
“I feel so uncomfortable after hearing about her experience. Skylar, are there no good. men in this world? I’m not so confident about Jeremy anymore,” Natalie stated a little 
decadently. 
Skylar comforted her softly. “Nancy is strong. Things have already happened. It’s best if she can figure out her path and settle her future as quickly as possible.” 
“Yes, she’s strong. If I had been in that situation, I might have collapsed. I can’t imagine what would happen if Jeremy betrayed me. I’m not as strong as I appear. Maybe I don’t seem to care about anything, but I’m really scared.” Natalie sighed. 
Nancy’s incident had prompted her to reflect deeply on herself. 
Skylar’s eyes flashed as she remembered the “Mr. Hughes” she had heard at the hot spring hotel. She wondered if it was truly a coincidence. 
Natalie noticed that Skylar was distracted and asked, “Are you thinking about yourself? Christopher is a scumbag. He won’t get a good ending. You can start over, 
like Nancy! 
23 
“Don’t worry. I didn’t forget what I promised you. My cousin with the eight–pack abs I mentioned last time will be here soon. He has seen your photos and said he fell in love with you at first sight.” 
Skylar was shocked. “Your cousin is coming over?” 
“Yes. Didn’t I tell you two days ago? I’d like to introduce him to you. Don’t worry. He’s 
a police officer. If Christopher harasses you again, my cousin will protect you and 
teach him a lesson.” 
Natalie winked at Skylar. “Moreover, he has never fallen in love. He said he believes in true love. See, this is how a good man looks!” 
Skylar was speechless for a while, saying helplessly, “I’m married. I’m really married.” 
“Are you married to nothing?” Natalie patted Skylar’s shoulder. “I won’t deceive you. My cousin is much better than Christopher!” 
As soon as she finished speaking, a man over six feet tall walked in and called out to 
her. “Nath.” 
Natalie looked over and said, “Come here, Elliott! Skylar got here before you. Didn’t you say you’d arrive half an hour earlier?” 
“I had something to do just now, so I went to the police station first,” Elliott Turner replied as he walked over. 
When he spotted Skylar, he was slightly stunned. Fortunately, he was used to facing many criminal suspects and could maintain his composure. 
He thought Skylar was even more stunning in person than in the photos, which made him feel like he wasn’t her ideal match. 
“Hello, Ms. Sullivan. I’m Nath’s cousin, Elliott.” Elliott reached out to Skylar. 
She shook his hand politely. “Hello, I’m Nath’s friend, Skylar.” 
Natalie smiled meaningfully, believing that they were a perfect match. She said to Skylar, “Lend me your phone, Skylar.” 
Skylar unlocked the phone and handed it to Natalie, asking, “What do you want to do? 
“I’ll take photos for you.” She planned to post this perfect match’s photo on Instagram and annoy Christopher. 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward 
###chapter242
Joe had just finished working out and was checking his phone while taking a break for coffee. He was stunned when he spotted Skylar’s Instagram post. 
In the photo, she stood with an upright–looking man. The contrasting height difference made her look petite, while the man looked at her with tenderness and 
sweetness. 
It was only a simple photo, but Joe could tell that the man liked Skylar and that she was in a good mood. 
He wondered if this man was the one she had wanted to meet today. 
The photo caused an uproar. After Caleb saw the photo, he felt a little complicated. He happened to know Elliott. The latter had caught and interrogated him before. 
A friend he had been riding with had died before, and Elliott had been in charge of that case. During the interrogation, he had almost driven Caleb crazy. 
If it hadn’t been true that he had done nothing wrong, he would have revealed all of his secrets. He wondered if Elliott was Skylar’s husband. 
Skylar had blocked Christopher, so he couldn’t view her Instagram, but they had common high school classmates. 
They knew that he and Skylar had broken up, so they sent him a screenshot of her Instagram post. 
When Christopher saw the photo, the stack of inspection reports in his hands slipped, scattering onto the ground. 
The man in the photo wasn’t Joe, whom Maisy had mentioned. Christopher had never seen Elliot before, and the latter didn’t look like a wealthy big shot. 
He thought that Maisy had lied to him. 
Meanwhile, Maisy was utterly shocked to see the photo. 
Why wasn’t the man Joe? Had they guessed wrong? 
She had known that Skylar couldn’t be lucky enough to win Joe’s favor! 
When she saw the photo, she kept her doubts to herself because the Sullivans were 
in front of her. 
Maisy didn’t know what to say to them. Someone had just happened to share Skylar’s Instagram post with her, so she had immediately clicked on it to view it. 
She was ecstatic when she saw the photo. 
If this was the case, it meant that she no longer needed to please the Sullivans. She had originally been angry that Skylar and Joe were together, but it turned out to be bogus news. 
So, she didn’t bother to put much effort into the Sullivans. 
“Maisy, we have a room here. You can come back whenever you want,” Janine said. as she noticed Maisy put down her phone. 
Maisy rolled her eyes inwardly. She wanted to ridicule Janine for her lack of self- awareness, but she held her words back. 
It would be better if she could corner Skylar. Since the Sullivans were present, she could try to deceive them. 
“Okay, I’ll come back to live with you after Mrs. Williams gets better. I just wonder if Charles and Harvey will welcome me.” Maisy gazed at Charles and Harvey. 
###chapter243
Charles glanced at Maisy coolly and said nothing. 
But Harvey was younger and acted more straightforwardly. He sneered and said, “We don’t welcome you.” 
Maisy smiled bitterly. “I know you’ve all misunderstood me. But I believe you’ll get to 
know the real me and stop misunderstanding me soon.” 
Janine sighed inwardly. She felt helpless as she saw that Charles and Harvey were defensive and disgusted with Maisy. 
After all, they had previously experienced several unpleasant issues. They couldn’t resolve the misunderstanding so easily. 
“Mom, my friend just showed me Skylar’s Instagram post. What’s her current 
boyfriend’s job?” 
“Skylar’s boyfriend?” Janine was stunned. 
“Skye doesn’t have a boyfriend. Didn’t you snatch her ex–boyfriend away?” Harvey 
sneered. 
Maisy gritted her teeth. “It was a misunderstanding. I clarified it at that time.” 
Harvey retorted unceremoniously, “Stop kidding. Do you think everyone is a fool?” 
“I can’t see Skylar’s Instagram because she has blocked me. But my friend sent me a photo.” Maisy sent them the photo on her phone. 
Harvey raised an eyebrow as he glanced at the photo. “He’s probably her friend.” 
“Yes, they could be colleagues or friends,” Janine echoed Harvey’s thoughts. 
Charles had already asked Skylar, but she hadn’t responded yet. It was normal for her to take photos with men. They wouldn’t think much of it, even if Elliot turned out to be her boyfriend. 
“Skylar must have paid a lot to join Mr. Gardner Senior’s team. Mom, you may need to pay more attention to her. After all, girls are more prone to suffering. 
“You may be unaware of Mr. Gardner Senior’s status in Jipsburg. Nobody can join his team without any connection or skills. Skylar may be on the wrong path-” 
Before Maisy could finish her words, Harvey slapped her hard. “Watch your words. and stop spouting rubbish! My sister joined the team with her own abilities!” 
“Don’t slander Skye again.” Janine frowned. 
Charles snorted coldly. “Did you come here to destroy our relationship with Skye? Then, you should give up. We know Skye better than anyone else. All of your efforts 
are in vain.” 
Maisy stood up angrily. “Do you know what Mr. Gardner Senior’s team does?” 
“Mainly restoring cultural relics, Charles responded calmly. 
She was stunned when she heard that. She even started to wonder if Skylar had 
hidden her abilities. 
Jeffrey and Sadie were astonished when they saw Skylar’s Instagram post, which Maisy had forwarded to them. 
“Why did she post this photo at this critical juncture? We were embarrassed in front of John this morning. Now we’ve truly offended the Gardners!” Peter was furious. 
“Could Skylar be flirting with John and other men at the same time? I think it’s possible! She’s not that well–behaved and sensible. She’s wild!” Samuel commented. 
Jeffrey was at home with Sadie. He looked at the group chat, hoping that Skylar 
might answer the question. 
It was unfortunate that they hadn’t added her to the group chat from the get go. She had also left the other group chat that had been created separately. 
Sadie asked, “Jeff, what should we do now? Can our company survive in this 
situation?” 
“Our company is at its most crucial point. It’s most likely that we won’t be able to save it. It might not be long before we have to declare bankruptcy.” Jeffrey appeared extremely solemn. 
?
Sadie turned pale; she had never seen him that downcast. “Only a short amount of time has passed. How could our company-” 
“Just be ready. We might have to sell our villa. I’ll take out all the properties and get a mortgage to see if I can turn things around. I’ve been wondering if it could be due to Skylar. But that doesn’t seem to be the case,” Jeffrey stated. 
In fact, he hoped that a certain big shot would truly spot Skylar. He was willing to sell 
her in exchange for his company. 
###chapter244
Sadie was shocked. “Has our company reached this point? Do we still have to sell off 
our properties?” 
“We should just do it. The company won’t last long.” Jeffrey had never imagined he would be in this situation one day. 
He had been arrogant for many years and believed that he had fully established himself in Jipsburg. He even intended to put in more effort to make the Williams family one of Jipsburg’s elite families in the future. 
It was unfortunate that he had a bad outcome. 
Sadie panicked. Seeing that her children were complaining in the group chat and hadn’t seemed to realize the seriousness of the issue, she began to get scared. 
If their family was really in trouble, they might be in debt in the future! 
Inexplicably, she had an ominous premonition. 
After lunch, Skylar checked her phone. When she saw the inquiries from Steven and some friends, she realized that Natalie had used her phone to post a photo on 
Instagram. 
That photo had caused an uproar. 
Skylar knew Natalie wanted to help her avenge her, so the latter had informed her Instagram friends that she had come out of the quagmire and was in a new 
relationship. 
Skylar briefly explained her relationship with Elliott to her family and friends. Then, she pondered for a while before taking the initiative to make things clear to Joe. 
“That Instagram photo was posted by my friend. She doesn’t know that I’m married. That man was her cousin.” 
Joe replied, “Okay.” 
After receiving his response, Skylar placed the phone in her bag. 
“Did the photo overwhelm them? Many people want to see you get embarrassed, so I 
used that photo to disappoint them! I want to show them that you’re popular with 
men!” Natalie leaned closer to Skylar and whispered. 
Skylar pinched Natalie’s cheek. “That post also overwhelmed me.” 
“That’s nothing. Take a good look at Elliot! Don’t keep your guard up; Elliott is really good. If he treats you badly, our whole family won’t let him go.” Natalie chuckled. 
“I’m married, Nath.” Skylar decided to reveal the truth to Natalie. She was worried. that Natalie would set her up on another blind date. 
Natalie didn’t believe it. “Stop kidding me.” 
“That’s the truth. I’ll show you my marriage certificate someday.” 
“I don’t believe you. I know you well. You’re unlikely to have an impromptu wedding. You and Christopher have just broken up. 
“You needed to recover from that and find a job. How could you have had time to look for someone to marry? 
“Moreover, what man can prompt you to have a flash marriage without hesitation? If you’re not interested in Elliot, I’ll introduce you to someone else.” Natalie acted as though she had seen through Skylar 
Elliott soon walked out of the restroom. Seeing the two ladies whispering, he didn’t 
disturb them. 
Skylar regretted not bringing her marriage certificate with her. After much thought, she decided to bring it with her the next time she met Natalie. 
After responding to Skylar, Joe made a call. “You can stop investigating.” 
It turned out that the man in the photo was just a nobody. 
###chapter245
When Skylar returned to Galaxy Villa, Joe wasn’t back. Just as she was about to go upstairs to change clothes, she received a call from him. 
“Are you free?” 
“I just got home.” 
“Grandma just called me and asked for your help. Do you have time to visit her?” Joe asked warmly. 
Skylar agreed without hesitation, “Of course I have time. Pearlhall Residence, right? 
I’ll drive there now.” 
“I’ve sent Paul to pick you up. You don’t have to drive yourself. Just rest in the car. 
“Okay.” 
After getting in the car, Paul was silent at first. He hesitated to speak. 
Joe had made it clear that Skylar needed to rest in the car. He would be furious if Paul’s chit– chatting kept her from sleeping. But the latter felt uncomfortable saying 
nothing. 
“Mr. Ziegler, do you have something to say?” Skylar noticed how Paul had been throwing glances at her through the rearview mirror. 
Paul immediately started talking. “Ms. Sullivan, do you remember Marcus Lennon?” 
“Yes, I do. What happened to him?” 
“Ever since he got AIDS, many people around him have gone to check on 
themselves. Several of his recent girlfriends have also tested positive for AIDS. 
“Before this incident, the Lennons had been preparing Marcus to be their heir. He frequently acted without thinking and was used to being arrogant and bossy. 
“Of course, he wouldn’t dare to do that to Mr. Martin. I used to have several collegemates who worked in the Lennons‘ company. But he secretly framed them.” 
Paul didn’t know what he had said. But after seeing Skylar, he wanted to explain 
things plainly. 
“Well, how is he now?” Skylar asked. 
23 
“The Lennons have shunned him, and Mr. Martin isn’t close with him either. He only 
got to know Marcus because of Mr. Jakeman. 
“When Mr. Martin and I were on a business trip, you called us in time to inform us. If 
he had been in the same car as us, we would have been in trouble.” Paul believed in 
Skylar very much. 
He would never touch anything she wouldn’t let him. His previous bad experiences 
had proven that she was trustworthy. 
“Later, we discovered that the thumb ring he wore had been given to him by his uncle a year ago. When I saw his thumb ring, I always felt a little uncomfortable. It looked authentic and good, but I felt uneasy. 
“I can’t believe it’s negative energy! I just wonder if we would have been in any danger if we had shared a car with him that day and often met with him.” 
He was particularly curious about that. 
“Yes, you would. The people who have been around him in the past year will be affected, more or less. However, the thumb ring’s negative energy is heavier. If you’ve been in contact with him for a long time, your life will be in danger,” Skylar 
stated decisively. 
Paul gasped. “I was so lucky that I uploaded that Instagram post that day! Or you wouldn’t have seen it.” 
Skylar chuckled. “That was fate. Since I spotted your post, it means you’re a blessed person. You’ve been tricked and unlucky before, but you’ll be safe this year.” 
“If I hadn’t met you, I could have been even more unlucky. It’s all thanks to you! By the way, you just said that everyone who’s been close to Marcus recently will be more or less affected. It turns out you’re right! 
“Ethan and Lukas often met with Marcus. Things went wrong in their various contracts, and they suffered heavy losses. Even Mr. Jakeman was affected, but not as seriously as them,” Paul said. 
“Go out to bask in the sun and exercise more during this time. After that, you won’t get affected, even if you meet someone with negative energy.” 
Skylar wasn’t surprised. Anyone who had been present that day and had too much 
contact with Marcus would be affected without exception. 
The unlucky things they encountered might be big or small. If they were upright, the negative energy wouldn’t get to them easily and would naturally have no impact. 
“Okay! I’ll go exercise as soon as I get off work!” 
Half an hour later, they arrived at Pearlhall Residence. 
Three cars had been parked in front of Pearlhall Residence, one of which belonged to Joe. The other two were unfamiliar to Skylar. It seemed that Gloria had guests. 
###chapter246
Several eyes fell on Skylar as she and Paul entered Pearlhall Residence. 
Skylar spotted Joe first. He was dressed in light gray sportswear, exuding at refreshing youthful air. 
He looked at her with a little tenderness. Skylar thought she was seeing things. Perhaps he appeared younger today or wanted to pretend to be in love in front of Gloria. 
Not to be outdone, Skylar also looked at him with affection. 
Joe smiled faintly, thinking she was excellent at acting. People who didn’t know the truth would believe they were an inseparable couple. 
Still… 
His gaze lingered on her loving eyes for a few seconds. When Skylar smiled, her 
shone like stars, as if she genuinely liked him. 
He then unconsciously fell into thought. 
“Come here, Skye.” When Gloria spotted Skylar, she instantly greeted her warmly. 
Skylar stepped over and greeted, “Hello, Grandma.” 
“You must have met Frank. He mentioned that you were restoring his antique painting.” When Skylar came over, Gloria introduced Frank to her. 
Skylar greeted Frank, “Hello, Mr. Doherty Senior.” 
Then, she turned to George and greeted, “Hello, Mr. Querbach.” 
eyes 
Frank nodded and smiled at Gloria. “When I first met her, I intended to introduce her 
to my grandson. I had no idea that she was your granddaughter–in–law. 
“I couldn’t find anyone to restore my painting at that time. Alex is professional and skilled, but he also said that he couldn’t restore it. I didn’t expect someone so young to be so talented. 
“Gloria, you’re quite lucky to have such a wonderful granddaughter–in–law!” 
He felt a pang of regret that he couldn’t be family with Skylar. If Skylar were his granddaughter–in– law, he would show her off to others. 
Besides, she could also ensure that none of his possessions were counterfeits. She could even restore the broken antiques as well as the new. 
“Of course, my granddaughter–in–law is exceptional! I don’t know how many other kinds of women there are out there, but there is only one Skye!” Gloria felt immensely 
proud. 
After she finished speaking, she glanced at Joe. If he hadn’t been her grandson, she would have thought it a waste to pair Skylar with him. 
Skylar deserved better. After all, Joe had a lot of issues and rarely spoke. Others said he had excellent self–control, but that was actually his one flaw. 
Anyway, there was a stark contrast between them. Skylar was definitely better than 
Joe! 
“Yes, Skye is quite good. Many of the items I believed to be treasures turned out to be forgeries. Being cheated out of money is nothing, but it hurts my feelings. I’d cherished those things for so long for nothing.” George also chimed in. 
Skylar felt shy when the three of them praised her so much. 
Although she didn’t easily feel shy, she couldn’t take the repeated praise from her elders. Moreover, after Gloria praised her, she could sense Joe’s eyes on her. 
He appeared to be examining whether she was as capable as the three elders had 
said. 
Skylar also glanced at Joe, hinting at him to stop looking at her. 
Joe raised his eyebrow and walked to her side instead. The two appeared eye- catching when they stood together. 
###chapter247
The three elderly, particularly Gloria, smiled even more broadly. 
“Let’s talk about serious things, Grandma.” 
Joe expected Gloria to start reprimanding and despising him if she continued to praise Skylar. When she looked at him and then at Skylar, her expression shifted quickly, revealing her preferences and dislikes. 
Gloria scowled at Joe. She hadn’t boasted enough yet! 
She enjoyed seeing others envy her. When she had been younger, she had compared. 
herself to her friends and, subsequently, her children and grandchildren to theirs. 
And now, she was boasting about her granddaughter–in–law to them! 
“Skye, Frank did encounter something strange. He originally wanted to ask me if I 
could contact Viola, but nobody knows where she is. 
“Many people in Jipsburg claim to have abilities, but they’re all frauds. See if you can. handle this matter. If you can’t, I’ll find someone else. Don’t think too much about it.” 
Skylar also became serious. “Okay, please go ahead.” 
Frank nodded. He trusted the people at Pearlhall Residence. He wouldn’t air his family’s dirty laundry out in public, but he knew it made little difference to his old friends, even if it was a shameful matter. 
Joe lowered his eyes and observed Skylar’s increasingly solemn expression. When 
she became serious, she had a brilliance that no one else possessed, 
“There have been some strange things happening at home recently. My wife, Grace, 
has been unwell this month and has been having nightmares. 
“Our great–grandson, Chad, frequently cries loudly and expresses fear. We used to 
think he was spoiled or that recent colds and illnesses had made him feeble. 
“But this morning, when Grace chatted with Chad, they found that they often have the same nightmares at night.” 
22 
When Frank finished speaking, he became more solemn. His expression indicated that he had been astonished and terrified to discover such an unexpected thing. 
Skylar knew little about such evil things. She had only read about it in books and learned that many people used negative items to achieve certain goals. 
But none of these things were tough for Viola. 
“Mr. Doherty Senior, are there any furnishings or belongings of yours that suddenly appeared in the past month or two?” Skylar asked. 
Frank thought solemnly for a moment before shaking his head. “Probably not.” 
“I’m not very involved in this field, so I don’t know much about it. I can go to your house with you and take a look. If I can’t find out the reason, you can find someone else to look into it,” she said
truthfully. 
Frank immediately responded, “Then, can we rush over now? In an hour, Chad will probably start crying and saying he’s scared again.” 
“Okay, let’s go now.” Skylar agreed. They couldn’t delay such an important matter. 
“I’ll go and have a look too.” Gloria couldn’t sit still. 
“Grandma, you should wait at home. If my assumption is correct, you won’t be able to bear it.” Skylar comforted Gloria and then looked at George. “Mr. Querbach, please 
also wait for news here. 
“Okay,” Gloria and George responded. If that were the case, they shouldn’t follow and 
cause trouble. 
“I’ll go too,” Joe said to Skylar. 
Skylar glanced at him. Seeing that he was in good condition, she nodded. It would be 
nice to have him with her. 
The two soon followed Frank out of Pearlhall Residence. 
She really can’t solve it, I’ll help Frank 
Later, George said to Gloria, “Viola never misjudges people. Skye is really good, but the problem Frank is facing isn’t her forte. find someone else.” 
###chapter248
Despite what George said, he was inexplicably confident in Skylar. He thought she 
should be able to handle it. 
Since she was skilled enough that Viola had passed on all the skills and knowledge she had learned to her, Skylar had to be truly talented. 
Gloria nodded seriously. “Skye is skilled enough. It’s normal if she can’t solve it. But 
Viola left me a letter before. She stated that if Skye marries and any of us encounter 
some evil things that others can’t solve, we should let Skye try to handle it.” 
“Where is Viola now?” George sighed. 
Gloria also sighed. “Viola will come back to see us after she settles her affairs.” 
George nodded with tears in his eyes. “You’re right.” 
On the way to Doherty Residence, Skylar was in deep thought. 
of 
Joe looked at her and said softly, “Don’t force yourself too much. Grandma is wary outsiders and trusts you more. If you can’t solve Mr. Doherty Senior’s problem, we’ll 
find a professional for him.” 
Skylar nodded distractedly. “Okay.” 
Right then, a message popped up on her phone. She opened it and found that it was 
Elliott’s message. 
“Sorry, I had something to do in the afternoon and left early. I’ll treat you to a meal 
next weekend.” 
Skylar replied, “It’s okay. Don’t worry about it.” 
Joe inadvertently glanced at it. His expression turned cold when he realized that someone was attempting to snatch his wife from him. 
They arrived at Doherty Residence in about half an hour. As soon as they followed 
him into the villa, they heard a child’s frightened cries. 
22 
The villa was large and empty. Even with several floors, it still couldn’t block the sound of the child crying. 
The maids on the first floor weren’t surprised when they heard the crying and treated it as normal. 
Frank felt so heartbroken that his eyes turned red. “Chad has been like this these days. It makes me uncomfortable.” 
At his old age, the only thing he wished for was his family’s safety. 
Joe’s heart sank. The situation appeared more serious than Frank had previously indicated. 
He looked at Skylar. Although she looked serious, she didn’t flinch at all. Despite her 
young age, she possessed great courage. 
Skylar said to Frank, “Mr. Doherty Senior, let’s go upstairs and take a look.” 
“Okay. Come on, follow me.” Frank immediately walked in front, leading the way for Skylar and Joe. 
Joe had visited Doherty Residence several times before. This time, he strangely felt cold air penetrate his skin. He had no idea if it was an illusion. 
Skylar removed a red bracelet from her wrist. There was a small coin on it. She then handed it to Joe and said, “Take it with you. It might be useful.” 
She had already spotted the goosebumps on Joe’s skin. 
He took the red bracelet and noticed the small coin was still warm from when Skylar had touched it. When he placed it in his palm, he didn’t sense the coldness of the 
coin. Instead, he felt like the cold air was less intense now. 
Joe smiled slightly and put the red bracelet on his wrist. Looking at it, he inexplicably 
felt like it was visually appealing
###chapter249
When they reached the door to Chad Doherty’s room, Skylar abruptly changed her mind. “Let’s go see Mrs. Doherty Senior first.” 
Frank was stunned for a moment before he responded, “Okay.” 
They then moved in another direction. As they were about to enter the room, a maid came out and greeted Frank respectfully. 
“I just followed the doctor’s instructions and gave Mrs. Doherty Senior medicine, but 
she’s still uncomfortable. She keeps saying she has a headache and leg pain,” the maid informed worriedly. 
Frank nodded. “Okay, go ahead with your work.“‘ 
When he opened the door and went in, he turned back to Skylar and stated, “Grace has been like this for a while. She often complains of headaches and leg pain.” 
“Did the medicine prescribed by the doctor have no 
inquired. 
fect after she took it?” she 
“It can only relieve her headache symptoms.” Frank sighed, obviously helpless. 
After walking in, they saw a haggard old woman with a pale face and a lot of gray hair. Grace Tanner appeared skinny as she lay on the bed under the quilt. 
She didn’t notice them entering while they were talking. She kept her eyes closed, 
frowned, and bit her lip tightly. 
As the three of them observed Grace, they noticed that she was trembling slightly. 
Frank walked to the bed and stared at Grace, who was still enduring great pain despite being asleep. His eyes turned red. 
Joe stood behind Skylar, watching her observe things calmly. 
Suddenly, someone opened the door and walked in. 
“Dad? Do we have guests… M–Mr. Martin.” 
Frank frowned as his youngest son, Nigel Doherty, entered unexpectedly. “Go 
Chaphe: 249 
downstairs and wait.” 
“Ah, okay.” Nigel glanced at Joe. Then, he looked at Skylar, feeling a little curious 
about her. 
After he walked out, Frank explained, “Skye, Gloria asked me not to tell anyone about you and Joe until she formally announces it. So, I’m not going to introduce you to my family for now.” 
“It’s okay.” Skylar nodded gently, unconcerned about it. 
He then turned to Joe. “Sit down and relax, Joe.” 
Joe nodded slightly and sat by the side. 
“Skye, can you see what is happening?” Frank asked nervously. 
Skylar walked to the walk–in closet nearby. One wall of the walk–in closet was transparent, allowing her to see what clothes were hanging within. Her attention fell on a traditional dress. 
“Is this the traditional dress a sollectible Mrs. Doherty Senior bought?” Skylar asked. 
Frank looked over. He was puzzled as to why Skylar had suddenly inquired about the 
traditional dress. 
He shook his head and answered, “That traditional dress isn’t a collectible. Nigel 
gave it to Grace on her birthday. 
“She liked it very much and wore it often before. But she has been in poor health for the past two days and has kept it in the closet.” 
It appeared delicate and was a rare handmade work, with a pattern that wasn’t 
commonly seen. 
Joe glanced over, then stood up and walked to Skylar. “Is there something wrong. 
with this traditional dress?” 
“Something is wrong with it?” Frank’s eyes widened in disbelief. 
“I think so.” Skylar opened the walk–in closet and took out the traditional dress. 
The gold threads and stringed pearls on the traditional dress shone brightly under 
the lights. Because of that, people wouldn’t pay much attention to its patterns. 
3.3 
At first glance, the patterns appeared delicate and exquisite against the backdrop of pearls and gold threads. 
However, the pattern was a seal full of negative energy. Otherwise, the pearls on it wouldn’t have remained so dazzling throughout the past century. 
###chapter250
13 
“Your great–grandson’s room is next door. He was also affected by this traditional 
dress,” Skylar explained. 
Frank was shocked and didn’t react for a long time because Nigel was the one who 
gave Grace the dress. 
“The people who made the traditional dress wanted to use it to harm people. Over 
the past century, many people have died after wearing it. 
“What Mrs. Doherty Senior and your great–grandson saw in their dreams should be 
those who once wore this traditional dress,” Skylar explained with a complicated 
expression. 
Viola once stated that there were always many people with evil intentions in this 
world. 
Having evil intentions meant harboring desires. So… 
She thought of Frank’s youngest son Nigel, who had just broken in. She wasn’t suited 
to intervene in Frank’s family affairs. 
“What should we do with this traditional dress?” Joe asked. 
Skylar gazed at him. “Burn it.” 
“Oh… okay.” Frank turned pale, looking as if he had aged dramatically in an instant, 
losing his vigor. However, he quickly returned to his senses. After all, he was 
experienced with the ups and downs of life. 
A few minutes later, Skylar and Joe left Doherty Residence. On the way back to 
Galaxy Villa, she voiced her concern, “Nigel, Mr. Doherty Senior’s youngest, Nigel 
probably knows what’s wrong with the traditional dress.” 
Joe appeared calm and nodded. “Being an elite family in Jipsburg isn’t as simple as it seems. There are many hidden, evil agendas to navigate through. Are 
you scared?” 
“No, I was just thinking that many people had died because of that traditional dress. Skylar couldn’t help but recall the traditional dress‘ patterns and pearls. 
It was gorgeous and colorful. Anyone who wore it would feel like it matched their figure perfectly. 
Joe became lost in thought as he looked at the solemn Skylar. He then happened to glance at the red bracelet on his wrist. 
“Mr. Doherty Senior will handle this matter. Don’t worry,” Joe comforted her gently.” 
Paul drove quietly, saying nothing the entire journey. Despite his expressionless face, he was shocked by the way Joe treated Skylar. 
Didn’t Joe say he disliked Skylar? Why did it seem as if he had fallen in love with her? 
Right then, Skylar received a call from Gloria. She immediately picked it up. 
“Skye, Frank told us everything. What a scary dress. I also have a vintage dress from my old friend. It has been well preserved. I’m not sure if something is wrong with it.” Gloria was frightened. 
At their age, there weren’t many people they could trust. And those who could be 
trusted might be conspiring to harm them, which was no different from hurting their 
feelings. 
Skylar’s voice was soft and soothing. “Don’t worry, Grandma. There’s nothing like that at Pearlhall Residence. If someone gives you something in the future, you can keep them in the warehouse. We can take a look at them when I visit you. You can 
I 
count on me!” 
“Oh, that’s right! The fright I got from the news confused me. But I have you! There’s 
nothing to be afraid of!” Gloria said, giggling as she lay on the bed. 
Skylar couldn’t help but grin and echoed, “Yes, you have me.” 
After ending her conversation with Gloria, she spotted Joe glancing at her. There was something in his gaze that she couldn’t fathom. 
“What’s wrong?” she asked, meeting his meaningful gaze. 
“It’s nothing.” Joe stared at Skylar for a few seconds. When his gaze fell on her lips, he turned away and looked out the car window. 
She thought he was being weird. He always alternated between indifference and 
enthusiasm. Since she couldn’t figure him out, she stopped thinking and looked 
outside the car. 
It was already 10:00 pm, and there were fewer cars on the road. The night under the streetlights was somewhat peaceful. 
Skylar felt sleepy. Leaning on the car, she soon fell asleep. 
Seeing that, Joe glanced at Paul. 
###chapter251
Paul obediently slowed the car down. As a result, the journey became smoother. 
He couldn’t help but think huffily, “I’ll gamely offer my head up on a silver platter if Mr. Martin insists he hasn’t fallen for Skylar!” 
How could Joe not like her when he was being so attentive to her needs? 
The two returned to their rooms for a bath once they made it to Galaxy Villa. 
Joe promptly flopped himself on his bed after his shower, patiently waiting for Skylar to give him a massage. 
During the wait, he decided to flip through a book. 
The room was quiet and peaceful. 
Frankly, Joe was somewhat surprised when the door creaked open. 
Usually, Skylar would knock before entering his room to give him a massage. She had never been so bold as to push the door open just like that. 
Joe placed his book aside and turned his attention to Skylar. He hadn’t even gotten a good look at her when Skylar, who hadn’t dried her hair, pounced on him. She had placed her entire weight behind it. 
Laying on top of him, Skylar gently held his face in her hands and kissed him silly. 
Joe jerked back to reality in the face of her passionate kisses. His eyes glinted dangerously as he asked, “Do you know what you’re doing?” 
He was a man–a normal man with needs. He had no desire to squash his urges when the woman he had decided to spend his entire life with had approached him in 
such a manner. 
Skylar didn’t answer. However, her hands slyly slipped under his shirt. It was as if she 
wanted to see the side of him he had never shown to anyone. 
Joe understood that this was her silent agreement to take their relationship to the next level. Thus, he immediately took over the reins and pushed Skylar down. 
She was only wrapped in a flimsy bathrobe. Once he stripped himself of his shirt, his slender fingers played with the hem of the robe. 
Then, he gently tugged it open and was greeted with a wondrous sight. 
Joe’s eyes turned dark with desire as his breath quickened. 
Soon, the room had turned hotter due to their passion. 
Skylar furrowed her brow, looking as if she was enduring something. 
Joe instantly felt his rationality returning when he noticed the odd look on her face. 
They were embracing one another. He could feel her warmth against his skin as he forced himself to remain calm. 
Although Skylar was looking at him, it was also as though she wasn’t focusing on him. 
“Skylar, answer me.” 
Skylar abruptly raised her head and kissed his Adam’s apple. 
Alas, she was obviously new to this, judging by how her teeth scraped against his skin. Her ministrations stung slightly. 
“Skylar, what’s with you?” 
They didn’t go anywhere else bésides Pearhall Residence and Doherty Residence that day. After that, they promptly returned to Galaxy Villa. So, he was certain she wasn’t drugged at all. 
So, her condition right now… 
Still, Skylar was behaving as if she couldn’t hear him. 
“I’ll have my way with you if you don’t get yourself together. You hear me?” Joe said huskily. 
Skylar was challenging his self–control. 
“Joe, are you scared?” she shot back provocatively. 
###chapter252
Although her tone was seductive, there was no hiding the dazed and lost look in her eyes. Joe had a sudden realization. He immediately removed the red bracelet from his own wrist and tried to clasp it onto Skylar’s.
Skylar, still caught in a restless haze, shifted against the sheets, inadvertently making it difficult for him to reach her. Regardless of her resistance, the disparity in their strength was clear. Joe firmly gripped her wrist and slid the bracelet into place.
The moment the red bracelet touched her skin, Skylar’s frantic movements ceased. A few heartbeats later, her dimmed eyes began to clear, focusing on the shirtless Joe looming over her. A bead of sweat rolled down his forehead, landing on her skin—the chilled sensation finally snapping her back to full consciousness.
“You—”
“You nearly lost control,” Joe said, cutting her off. His lips curled into a teasing smirk, his eyes glinting with a dangerous intensity. “You seemed quite fond of me just a moment ago. Is your curiosity satisfied now, or do you still need more?”
He pulled a towel over her, covering the tempting sight and attempting to douse the fire burning within himself. Skylar was beyond shocked as her brain replayed the fragmented scenes from moments ago. Her fair cheeks flushed a deep crimson.
“It was that dress!” she defended herself hastily. “I wasn’t thinking straight!”
She remembered the history Viola had mentioned—the dress had a dark past, woven with a sinister intent that had led its original owner to a tragic end. It seemed the "machinations" of the garment had taken hold of her until the protection of the red bracelet was restored.
Skylar felt like she was on the verge of tears as the vivid details returned to her. She hadn’t realized she could be so bold. Not only had she been completely vulnerable before him, but her lips still felt tender from their shared kiss.
“See this?” Joe pointed to his shoulder. Dark marks were blooming against his skin—unmistakable evidence of her earlier lack of restraint. “And here,” he added, pointing to a small cut on his lip.
Skylar inhaled sharply. In a desperate attempt to escape the embarrassment, she decided to play dumb. “I’ll get the first aid kit. When did you get hurt?”
She tried to bolt, but Joe grabbed her hand, placing her fingers right against the marks she had left. “An adorable yet fierce little creature bit me,” he teased, his voice low. “Do you think I should get a rabies shot?”
Skylar’s fingers stiffened against the warm ridges of his skin. Who is he calling a creature? she thought indignantly. He’s the one acting like a predator here!
“Fine, I did it,” she admitted, her guilt finally outweighing her denial. “ I accept full responsibility.”
Without wasting another second, she tugged her hand away, clutched her bathrobe tightly against her chest, and dashed out of the room. Joe watched the open door, falling silent for a long moment before walking into the bathroom. The mirror reflected the marks on his skin—proof of a night that had changed the tension between them forever.

###chapter253
The mirror reflected a man with eyes flaring with desire. It was a sight that he had. never seen on his person. 
There was a pack of cigarettes by the sink. He took one and lit it. Soon, a waft of smoke appeared in the bathroom. 
His eyes unfocused as he flicked the ashes and looked at the bite marks on hist 
shoulders. 
Skylar immediately ran to the bathroom once she fled to her room. She inhaled sharply as her eyes landed on the woman with disheveled hair in the mirror. 
“I’ve lost it!” 
She was going to forget everything that happened earlier, even if it killed her! 
Then, she whisked out the hairdryer and started blowing her damp hair, her mind lost in thoughts. Her hand shook as her mind drifted to the amorous scene earlier. 
She took three deep breaths as she swore to herself, “I need to keep my guard up when I lend my aid to another in the future! I can’t fall for such tricks!” 
She had to thank her lucky stars that Joe didn’t fall for his desires. Otherwise, she would wake up tomorrow with her chastity gone under such circumstances. 
Still, his actions only cemented the fact that Joe didn’t like her. That was why he could remain so cool–headed at a time like that. 
Once her hair was dry, she threw herself against her bed. Alas, sleep evaded her. 
“Oh, I nearly forgot. I have several orders to look through.” 
There weren’t many commissions that day. 
Besides, several of them were rather easy to pick out. So, she went through them 
within 30 minutes. 
Just as she was about to put her phone away, she received a notification from her 
bank 
It seemed that someone had transferred 500 thousand dollars to her account 
She couldn’t help but find it odd when she saw that the person was none other than Frank 
Within a few seconds, she also received a text from him. “Skye, just think of the 
money as a token of my gratitude. I’ve burnt the dress. Grace and Chad are sleeping well. This is all thanks to you.” 
Skylar couldn’t help but feel a surge of joy as she took a look at her bank statement. She could buy a home of her own now! 
Nonetheless, she politely replied to Frank’s text with a list of things to watch out for before browsing for a real estate opportunity in Jipsburg City. 
She unwittingly fell soundly asleep during her search. 
Maisy had always been a night owl. So, she usually went to bed around 2:00 am to 3: 
00 am. 
Truthfully, she was feeling far from great ever since she returned from Janine’s 
home. 
She had taken the initiative to visit them. Yet, Charles and Harvey were still so cold 
and wary of her. 
How frustrating! 
When she skimmed through the threatening text Charles and Harvey had sent, she 
nearly smashed her phone in a fit of fury. 
They had warned her not to bully Skylar. They even claimed they had seen through her facade and knew just what she was playing at. 
Then, they went a step further to say that who.. 
hers. 
was Skylar’s would always remain 
Just then, she got a text from some random hot guy she met once. “Do you want to hang out?” 
Chatter 253 
Maisy’s mind reeled back to what had happened and the video Christopher was using to blackmail her. She felt herself hesitating for a good few minutes. 
She took a look at the time and noticed it was just past midnight. It was still quite 
early. Plus, she was nearly filled to the brim with anger. 
The hot guy shot her another text, “I’ve got the good stuff. Want to try it out?” 
Maisy worried her lip as she thought, “The video Christopher decided to use as 
ammo was just a one–off thing. It only happened because I wasn’t careful. That’s why 
I lost control. I’ll just be more careful this time.” 
She was feeling frustrated. Besides, her parents‘ bitter looks only made her event 
more weary. There was no reason why she shouldn’t let off some steam. 
“Sure!” 
Thus, Maisy sneaked downstairs ten minutes later. 
The villa was as silent as the grave. The staff had already retired for the night. 
Maisy wasn’t the least bit worried she would get caught. After all, she would just make sure to return home before dawn. 
She had just snuck out of the entrance when Kenny strode out of the kitchen with a cup of tea. 
He tilted his head questioningly as he regarded Maisy, who was secretly slipping away from their home. It was already so late. Just where was Maisy off to? 
It was just as well that he couldn’t sleep. Hence, he wasted no time following her out of concern. 
###chapter254
It was a silent night. However, silence wasn’t in the cards for Hevelne. 
Young adults were squashed together as they swayed to the pulsing heat under the dim lighting. 
To Kenny’s ears, the music was near deafening. These partygoers were nothing but disgraceful citizens in his eyes. 
He scarcely stepped foot in such places. He had only tried it out once when his classmates invited him out during his university years. However, he didn’t like the 
atmosphere. So, he didn’t bother making a second trip. 
Besides, he remembered telling Maisy that a bar wasn’t a place for someone like her. 
Maisy had always been so pure and innocent. This place would only taint her. 
Thus, he was beyond astonished when he followed Maisy to the bar. 
It seemed that Maisy was very familiar with the place. Alas, he lost sight of her after pushing himself into the establishment. 
Meanwhile, Maisy wasted no time swanning to the hot guy who asked her out earlier. 
His eyes brightened with excitement when he noticed her. Then, he slipped her a pill and led her to the dance floor once she swallowed it. 
It seemed that the drug had taken effect quite quickly as Maisy had thrown caution to the wind as she danced to the music. She was practically glued to the hot guy. 
before her. 
Everyone else didn’t find their behavior bizarre at all. Instead, they only had their minds on getting more intoxicated. All they wanted to do was let everything go as they partied hard. 
Kenny wasted hours trying to find Maisy. 
Just as he was questioning himself as to whether he had made a mistake, he suddenly caught sight of Maisy twisting her hips this way and that against a man 
This was a Maisy he had never seen before. She had a ton of makeup on her face. 
The expression on her face showed that she was more than happy in her situation. 
She didn’t care one whit that the man was running his hands up and down her body. 
Earlier, she was wearing a jacket. Now, it was completely off. The only thing she was. wearing was a sexy tube top. Judging by how she was going, it looked as if the clothing would fall at any given moment. 
If this weren’t the sister he had grown up with, he would’ve assumed that he was hallucinating or utterly mistaken. 
Suffice it to say, his jaw was on the proverbial floor. 
Maisy had no idea that Kenny was there and enjoyed the hot guy’s wild ministration. 
After a few moments, he held her chin and kissed her. 
Kenny immediately snapped out of it and stomped toward Maisy. 
“How’s the goods?” the hot guy asked. 
Maisy, who was having the time of her life, passionately replied, “It’s fantastic. 
However, I wonder if you can make my night better?” 
“Bathroom?” 
“Sure!” 
Just as the two were about to leave, Maisy was suddenly yanked back. 
She screeched in frustration. “Who the fuck?” 
Kenny felt his vein bulging when he heard her cussing. “Maisy!” 
That one word promptly sobered Maisy up. 
“Kenny!” 
Kenny dragged Maisy out of the bar. 
None of them saw someone taking a video of Maisy, from when she took the pill until Kenny dragged her out of the bar. 
Meanwhile, the hot guy instinctively barred their way when he saw the beauty he was going to have his way with was dragged away. 
24 
Kenny merely shoved him back. “Get lost!” 
Maisy couldn’t keep up with what was happening. Her mind was a mess as she followed Kenny out of the bar. 
She only managed to gather her wits as the cold wind blew against her skin after Kenny tossed her into the car. 
Why was Kenny at Revelrie?
###chapter255
Kenny’s face was thunderous as his veins bulged. “Why were you at the bar in the middle of the night? Also, why were you so close to some random guy?” 
The sight earlier was akin to a painful wake–up call for him. He had been deathly 
mistaken about Maisy’s character over the years. 
“Kenny, I… Please listen to me. I only swung by a few months ago. Our family’s a 
mess right now. I can’t sleep recently due to all the stress and worry,” Maisy hastily 
came up with an explanation. 
Kenny’s eyes were still filled with doubt. 
Maisy was beyond anxious. She couldn’t allow her family to know about her little excursion. Otherwise, they would banish her and remove her from the Wiliams family 
faster than she could blink! 
So, she cried as she hugged Kenny and pressed her lips against his in a fit of panic. 
Kenny’s eyes went wide as he stiffened. 
“Kenny, I like you. I… can’t bring myself to confide in anyone about this secret. It’s been stressing me out. I was afraid you’d look down on me and only see me as your 
sister. Yet… yet, I fell in love with you.” 
Maisy’s eyes were brimming with aggrieved tears. Then, she slapped herself. 
“Kenny, just forget about this, okay? I shouldn’t stay with you guys. Kenny, I’m sorry. I know I scared you. I’m really sorry! I’ll hide my feelings and won’t let our parents know. I had a few drinks today and haven’t been sleeping well. So, you could… could 
just think of me spewing nonsense!” 
Kenny held Maisy’s hand tightly. He was in no position to think right now. “Don’t hit yourself. Just give me some time.” 
Never in his wildest dreams did he think that Maisy was in love with him. 
“I just love you so much. I feel so guilty and disgusted with myself. I can’t sleep 
because of this agony. So, I came here to get wasted. I thought if I could just fall for 
someone else, maybe I could forget about you. Yet, I can’t help but find the kiss. 
utterly repulsive. I…” 
Maisy trailed off and hugged Kenny tightly. “I’m sorry, Kenny.” 
Kenny’s arms awkwardly hung in the air for a few seconds before he slowly wrapped 
them around her. 
“Don’t apologize. This isn’t your fault. Just give me some time, okay?” 
Maisy loved him. 
He thought about it and found that he wasn’t opposed to the idea. 
Maisy secretly let out a breath of relief. She knew her brothers far too well. So, she 
was certain that she was in the clear now! 
In the meantime, Christopher had taken a video of Kenny and Maisy kissing. 
When he watched the video he had taken, he felt a surge of disgust roiling within him. 
Maisy would open her legs for anyone! 
His heart ached as his mind went to Skylar. He wanted to win her back. 
The man she was dating right now wasn’t as good–looking as him. Besides, they had a bond that spanned for years. There was no way things would end so easily.” 
He knew Skylar. Skylar had always placed a great deal of importance on the people she cared about. As long as he was sincere enough, he was sure Skylar would 
forgive him! 
The following day, Skylar couldn’t help but feel guilty as she went downstairs. 
Breakfast was rather simple. There was only a cup of milk and a plate of sandwiches 
on the table. 
She decided to make a break for it after inhaling her breakfast. 
She wasn’t that shameless to act as though nothing had happened last night. Her 
mind was being particularly annoying. 
Just as she was grabbing her purse and wearing her shoes, Joe’s voice rang out behind her. “Didn’t you say something about getting the first aid kit yesterday?” 
Instead, she completely abandoned him. 
Skylar’s heart lurched to her throat when she heard his accusation. Then, she took a deep breath and smiled at him, replying, “First aid kit? Whatever do you mean?” 
She was pretending as though it had completely slipped her mind. 
Joe’s eyes never wavered from Skylar’s figure as he curled his lips into a smirk. “Oh, you’ve forgotten? Do you need me to help you refresh your memory?” 
“Goodness! It’s no bother. It’s probably not important since I forgot about it. I have a 
date with a friend to visit Charles today I’ll see you when I see you!” 
Act Fast Free Bonus Time is Running
###chapter256
Skylar could barely maintain the smile on her lips as she begged silently, “Please stop bringing yesterday up!” 
When she turned to face Joe earlier, she couldn’t help but sneak a peek at his lips. 
Her mind instantly wandered to the kiss they shared last night. 
“I won’t be having dinner tonight. Bye!” 
She wasted no time dashing out after saying those words. She had never fled so fast 
in her life. 
Joe arched a brow at her escape. Skylar was as quick as ever. 
Skylar did promise Natalie to visit Charles that day. 
Charles‘ scene was being shot at a golf course. 
Natalie e was an avid fan of Austin Powell, an actor who would be featured in this movie. So, she immediately pleaded with Skylar to take her along when she overheard the conversation Skylar had with Charles the previous day. 
She even went as far as to claim that Jeremy was very busy these few days. So, she sorely needed some entertainment; visiting the actor she had liked for a decade would just about do it for her. 
Skylar could still recall their university days when Natalie would constantly prattle on 
about this particular actor. 
Austin didn’t have the delicate features that young stars in the entertainment industry tended to favor. Instead, he was rather manly–looking. 
According to Natalie, he had been learning martial arts since he was young. Then, het pursued a career in the military when he was still in university. He had only decided. to join the entertainment industry after retiring as a soldier. 
So, not only was he a good actor, but he also did all his stunts without a stunt double. 
Frankly, both Natalie and Charles looked up to him. Of course, Skylar liked an actor 
like him as well. 
She picked Natalie up before the two rushed to the set. 
However, Natalie was on a video call with Jeremy ever since Skylar picked her up. 
The two were chatting throughout the journey. 
Judging by how patient Jeremy was when it came to Natalie, it was obvious that Jeremy loved Natalie a lot. It seemed that Skylar’s worries about their relationship 
were unfounded. 
The two were practically attached to the hip, considering how they kept talking on and on. By the time Natalie ended the call, they had already arrived at their 
destination, 
“Look at the two of you. Does your husband know you’re visiting Austin?” Skylar 
teased with a chuckle. 
Natalie grinned and replied, “There’s no need to tell him about this. I’m afraid he’ll get jealous. Jeremy can get rather territorial.” 
Jeremy would start pouting if her gaze landed anywhere near a particularly good- looking man. So, there was no way he wouldn’t get all jealous and clingy if he found out she was visiting her idol. 
“Charles told me that Austin arrived 20 minutes ago. He has a scene with Austin in ten minutes,” Skylar said as she looked at the time. 
“Then, what are we waiting for? We might even get a chance to talk to him. Oh, how exciting!” Natalie squealed as she placed her homemade cookies in an exquisite box. 
Skylar let out a dramatic sigh. “Cookies for Austin but none for me? How could you?” 
“Oh, hush now. We have to watch our diet, no?” Natalie said, giggling. 
“I’m pretty sure he needs to watch himself more than we do.” 
“Please. He can easily work all the calories off after having some of these. I’ve cut down the sugar and butter by half. I’m sure it won’t affect his weight whatsoever.” 
“I’m telling Mr. Hughes that his wife is caring for another man.” 
“Take it all! You know I was just joking, right? I’ll never ever do that to you. I’ve made 
more for you than my idol! Just look at how much I love you. You and my husband 
are equally important in my heart.” 
Natalie promptly whisked out another big box of cookies from her bag. 
###chapter257
“Let’s go. We can finally meet Austin in person. Charles sald that the movies failed to capture Austin’s charisma properly.” Skylar took the box of cookies with satisfaction. 
“Of course, the actor I like is charismatic! He’s got to be one of the finest men in real 
life!” 
The golf course staff had given the set a spacious area for them to work with, as there were plenty of staff milling about. 
Naturally, there were plenty of fans waiting beyond the set. They all want to get a glimpse of Austin. 
Charles was acting as one of the villains in the movie. He didn’t have much screen time. However, his character was interesting. Plus, the director was a professional. Not only did their work sell out, but they also won several awards. 
Therefore, many celebrities were eager to get a chance to squeeze into the set. 
Charles had gotten this golden opportunity after passing the audition. 
“Charles is handsome! Can you take a picture of us once he’s done with his work? 1 can post it on my Instagram when he gets famous,” Natalie said, craning her neck to get a good look. 
Although she didn’t see the actor she was waiting for, she did manage to get a glimpse of Charles 
Charles didn’t notice her and Skylar as he was busy trying to get into the zone. 
“Let’s go over there. It’s too crowded here. We can barely see a thing.” Skylar could only see half of Charles‘ face, even after going on her tiptoes. It wouldn’t be an understatement to say that she
could barely see a thing. 
The two waded through the crowd and went to a more secluded area. 
This time, they finally got to see Austin, who would be working with Charles. 
Some people were born to be an actor. They could swiftly turn into another person, and no one would find their change out of place, 
He was indeed charismatic. 
Skylar found Austin and Charles to have the same bearing. So, she was confident 
that Charles would eventually become a movie star. He definitely had the skills for it. 
“Oh, my God! He’s so hot! Austin’s such a hunk! How could he be this good–looking? 
Gosh, I’m going to swoon at this rate. This is like a dream come true. Oh, how I wish I 
could marry him!” Natalie exclaimed as her eyes practically glimmered with 
excitement. 
Skylar couldn’t help but remind her, “I can see you drooling. Have you forgotten that you’re married?” 
Natalie giggled as she replied, “You know what I mean. I’m just saying it because that’s how excited I am to finally see him in person.” 
Her heart completely belonged to Jeremy. Still, that wouldn’t stop her from being a huge fan! 
I might not have the chance to marry him any longer, but you certainly do! Skylar, take this opportunity to try and get his handle now that Charles is working with him. right now. You could try to take him out! You’re certainly as gorgeous as those movie. 
stars out there,” Natalie shared, sharing her brilliant plan. 
She t 
truly was Skylar’s best friend in the world. Look at her worrying her mind 
over Skylar’s lack of romance in her life. 
away 
“Sadly, I’m also a married woman. Guess I’m out of the running too.” Skylar yet again. decided to bring up her marital status. 
Alas, Natalie refused to believe her. “Skylar, I swear if you keep doing this, I’ll start believing you one day. Do you think I’m unaware of how tiny your social circle is?” 
“Fine. You can take a look at the picture on our marriage certificate.” Skylar suddenly recalled she had that very picture on her phone. 
When they had gotten their marriage certificate, she had snapped a picture. 
Regardless, she had completely forgotten about it until that day. 
Skylar scrolled through her album and finally found the picture. Then, she shoved it at Natalie’s face. “Take a good look. I’m a married woman.” 
“Oh, my. It’s the real deal! When did this happen? I don’t remember knowing you had. someone else aside from Christopher in your life. How did you get married so soon?” Natalie was genuinely astounded, 
Nevertheless, her eyes were as wide as saucers when she saw the man standing. 
right next to Skylar. 
“Hang on now.” 
###chapter258
“I nearly fell for it!” 
“Are you trying to pull a prank? That’s Joe Martin! Don’t you tell me you want him for 
yourself after bumping into him that one time? Still, I have to hand it to you. This 
looks so real. What app did you use?” 
“Share it right now. I want to make one for Austin and me. If I can’t marry him, I can 
certainly fake a marriage certificate.” 
Natalie couldn’t help but grin after seeing that the groom was none other than Joe. 
She nearly fell for it! 
The marriage certificate truly looked like the real deal. 
Skylar was so done. “It is Joe, alright. I married him. It was a whirlwind marriage.” 
“Yes, sure you did. I totally believe you!” Natalie nodded firmly. She could barely stifle her laughter at this point.. 
Could Skylar not tell that her serious tone couldn’t hide the fact that her lie was 
riddled with holes? 
Skylar was utterly speechless. She even had a picture of her marriage certificate with Joe. Alas, Natalie still refused to believe her. 
If that were the case, there was no way Natalie would trust her even if she did show 
her the actual document. 
Just as they were chatting away, Charles and Austin’s scene had come to a close. 
Skylar soon received a call from Charles. 
“Skye, are you here?” 
“Present and accounted for, Charles!” Skylar waved at Charles‘ direction. 
“I see you. I’ll come get you in a bit, I told Austin about you guys earlier. He knows that the two of you are his fans. He said he’ll leave after taking a picture with your 
guys.” 
Chantes fod Skylar and Hatalie to the get’s lounge area. They quickly met up with 
Austin 
Austin when’t one to put on alte in private, in fact, he was rather casual. He smiled at thom after Charles introduced Skylar and Natalie, to him. 
He had plenty of female fans. Some of them were quite young and would comment that they wanted his children whenever he posted anything. 
Flis fans were truly adorable. 
Skylar didn’t hesitate to give Natalie the chance to speak. “Mr. Powell, we’re fresh graduates, I’ve liked you for ten years! I’ve been your biggest fan ever since I saw you In ‘Vigil 
“Your stunts were so precisat You’re the heat! I really, really liked you! You’re the Actor Hloved best out of all the other actors I know!” 
Natalie was so thrilled that she nearly vibrated out of her skin. She had finally gotten 
To see her idol face to facet 
Skylar said, “Natalie introduced me to you, Mr. Powell, Your stunts and acting are the 
best I’ve seen as well” 
She wasn’t one to spend time chasing after actors and such. Frankly, if she had to name an idol, that person would be none other than Viola. 
Of course, she wasn’t lying when she said she admired Austin’s acting skills and character. Charles claimed that Austin was refreshingly scandal–free and rarely appeared in variety shows, 
He had a good reputation even within the industry and was known to be a hardworking actor. Several directors he had worked with had nothing but praise for 
Austin. 
Austin’s smile tumed genuine as he laid his eyes on the sunny and sincere Natalie. ” It’s an honor to gain your favor” 
Natalie couldn’t help but flush crimson upon hearing his words. “Can I get a picture 
with you?” 
“Of course, you can. 
Natalie immediately tugged Skylar over for their impromptu photo session. Meanwhile, Charles was tasked to be their photographer. 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter259
After he took the picture, he muttered jealously, “Here I am, slaving away. Yet, I’m 
nothing but chopped liver.” 
“You have a bright future, Charles. I look forward to meeting you at the top.” Austin 
had nothing but praise for Charles. 
He could see the him in the past as he looked at Charles. The man who would do 
anything to chase his dreams. 
tor 
Charles cracked a bashful grin upon hearing Austin’s praise. “I’ll do my best!” 
“Nath, take a picture of Charles and me.” Skylar gave her phone to Natalie. 
Natalie was just about to take Skylar’s phone when she realized she hadn’t given him 
the cookies yet. So, she hastily presented it to Austin. “Mr. Powell, I made this 
myself. Lcut the sugar and butter in half. So, these are definitely healthier than the 
ones in store!” 
Austin was surprised to receive Natalie’s box of cookies. 
Back when he was still an up–and–coming actor, barely any reporters bothered to 
interview him when he went on tour with the other actors. 
The host only asked him a random question after interviewing the main stars of the movie. “What about you, Austin? What’s your favorite food?” 
At the time, his answer had been butter cookies. 
When he gained a manager, he had a template for any questions that came his way. As time passed, he gradually learned to hide his true preferences. 
He had assumed that Natalie’s words of being his fan for years were merely an exaggeration. Now, it seemed that she was telling the truth. 
“Thank you.” Austin’s tone carried more sincerity this time. 
Natalie was grinning from ear to ear. “Oh, don’t sweat it, Mr. Powell. This is just at token of my appreciation to you for all the hard work you’ve done.” 
а 
Meanwhile, Joe, who was playing golf, noticed a familiar figure nearby. He wasn’t 
certain that it was Skylar. 
Nonetheless, he was confident it was her after taking a good look at the figure. 
Paul instinctively followed Joe’s gaze and blurted in surprise upon seeing Skylar, “Oh, 
it’s Ms. Sullivan! Is she a fan of Austin Powell?” 
Joe’s focus immediately narrowed on the name. “Austin Powell?” 
“He’s an actor. He’s been crowned best actor several times over the years. Simply put, he has many awards under his belt and even more fans worldwide. All of hist 
movies sold out whenever he starred in them. 
“I’m also a fan of his! Of course, he has more female fans. Hell, even my sister and mother love him. It wouldn’t be an exaggeration to say that he’s a walking heartthrob. 
Paul couldn’t help but crane his neck in curiosity. He didn’t expect Skylar to be 
Austin’s fan. 
Suddenly, a thought struck him like a sledgehammer. He jerked his head back to look 
at Joe. 
When he saw Joe narrowing his eyes at Austin, he felt his heart sink to his stomach. 
Was Joe jealous? 
“One of the actors is Charles. He’s probably Ms. Sullivan’s brother. Maybe Ms. 
Sullivan is here to visit him?” 
Joe recalled Skylar saying she was going to pay Charles a visit before she left earlier that morning. He was just about to approach Charles and Skylar when a woman 
suddenly blocked his path. 
The second he registered just who that woman was, his expression turned cold. 
“Mr. Martin, can’t you please give me another chance to explain? Even a criminal 
gets another shot at redemption! I’ve known you for years, Mr. Martin. We have 
several mutual friends. I’ve crossed the line and made a mistake when I bothered 
Skylar,” Annie anxiously explained herself to Joe. 
The Silver family had been a complete mess over the past few days. Her father had been reprimanding her mother for not keeping her on a tighter leash and stopping. 
her. 
He had even ordered her to beg Joe for forgiveness. 
Recently, she had been making mistakes after mistakes at work. She had tried to pull several strings in order to meet Joe. Alas, they were all unceremoniously rejected. Even Rowan had told her to come up with a plan to calm Joe’s anger all by herself. 
She had waited patiently for a few days and finally learned that Joe and Rowan would be playing golf together. So, she wasted no time giving up on the show later. 
that night to come right over. 
Joe’s eyes were unfathomable pools of ice as he frowned slightly. It was obvious that he was becoming displeased. 
Natalie was just checking the picture of flaws after taking a photo of Skylar and Charles when she saw Joe nearby. She couldn’t help but exclaim, “Joe?” 
###chapter260
Talk about fate! 
Skylar had been fooling around with that picture of her marriage certificate, claiming 
that she had married Joe. Now, the groom of that fake marriage certificate was standing right there! 
Natalie’s mind suddenly bloomed with an outrageous thought, “Skye and Joe are. rather fated together, aren’t they?” 
There was no other explanation for how two people of completely different social circles would constantly bump into one another. 
There was even a chance that the fake marriage certificate was the real deal! 
Skylar looked in the direction where Natalie was pointing and saw Joe standing right there. 
It seemed like golf was quite a hobby of his. 
“Oh? Is that Annie?” Natalie sounded rather surprised. “Skye, you’re out of the running. It looks like the rumors are true. Annie truly is Joe’s girlfriend. They’re even playing golf together.” 
She did hear from the grapevine that there was nothing between them. So, she had assumed that she was the only one with that speculation. 
In the end, she was proven wrong as the evidence was staring right at her in the face. 
Skylar only noticed Annie when she heard Natalie bringing her up. Since they were a distance away, they could only see Annie and Joe. Sadly, they couldn’t hear just what the two were discussing. 
“Joe? Is it Mr. Martin of Martin Group?” Charles craned his neck to look at the figure of their fixation. 
He heard that the Martin Group had invested in the movie he was in. 
Regardless, none dared to breathe a word about it when it concerned Joe. 
“That’s right. That’s him over there,” Natalle said affirmatively as she nodded her head for emphasis. 
There was an expression of ruefulness on her face. 
Skylar truly looked like a good match with Joe in that marriage certificate picture. Besides, it also seemed like Skylar liked Joe. Otherwise, she wouldn’t have 
photoshopped Joe as the groom. 
Skylar tilted her head as she regarded Joe and Annie. Why were they here? 
“What is it, Skye?” Charles asked in concern when he saw Skylar staring at Joe and 
Annie, utterly lost in thought. 
“Oh, it’s nothing, Charles. Do you have other scenes later?” Skylar retracted her gaze from the duo. 
Charles promptly replied, “Nope. I was planning to have some fun golfing with you 
guys,” 
Regrettably, Skylar didn’t want to bump into Annie and Joe. She didn’t want to make things awkward. So, she suggested, “Why don’t we take a stroll? I’m not really into 
golf.” 
“Sure thing.” 
Joe swept his gaze over Skylar just as she had looked away. His gaze was 
unfathomable. 
Skylar wasn’t the least bit concerned when she saw him with Annie? 
“Mr. Martin, please give me another chance,” Annie begged with red–rimmed eyes. 
She had never been this meek. Although the person standing before her was someone she had liked for years, she had never wanted to be so humble. 
She couldn’t help but feel that she wouldn’t even have the chance to meet him after being so humble. 
Yet, she was also aware enough to understand that she would have no future with Joe if the Silver family lost their standing in Jipsburg City. 
|_ 
She genuinely couldn’t understand just what was so great about Skylar, who was 
nothing but a country bumpkin. 
Joe closed his eyes and looked away from Skylar before turning to look at Annie. 
“Why bother sowing the seeds if you can’t lay in your bed of roses?” Joe said with a 
tone of finality before leaving without a backward glance. 
Annie’s face lost all color as she anxiously chased after him. 
###chapter261
Paul stopped Annie just as she was about to chase after thern. 
“Ms. Silver, you’re a smart woman. You should understand that you have to face the consequences of your actions. I’ve worked for Mr. Martin for many years, and this is the first time I’ve seen someone act in his name without his consent. 
“Your mother even disturbed Mrs. Martin Senior. I’ve never seen someone act this way. Ms. Silver, you should focus on your work at the TV station and mind your 
business.” 
Annie seemed like a professional. Why was she acting so rashly now? Did the Silver family raise her to be so unruly? 
She hadn’t taken his words seriously before and had been racking her brain for 
another solution the entire time. 
Now, she had become the black sheep of the Silver family. Her uncles even began to blame her. They were the ones who supported her relationship with Joe and event 
helped look for an opening. 
But now that something had gone wrong, they pushed the blame on Annie. Why didn’t they say anything when they wanted to use her to get close to the Martin family? 
Her eyes reddened with tears. 
“Mr. Zieglar, you’ve already told me that last time. But you can’t deny that I love Joe, and we’ve known each other for years. We shouldn’t be in this place because of Skylar.” 
Paul was speechless to see that Annie still insisted on pursuing the matter. 
Mr. Martin has made himself clear. Can’t you see that? I advise you not to make a fool of yourself.” 
“Mr. Zieglar, please help me. The Silver family will do anything you want,” Annie pleaded, putting all her hopes on Paul. 
She was really out of options and regretted her actions. She had lost her composure just because she saw a woman by Joe’s side. 
Paul looked at Skylar and the group walking away in the distance. Was Joe looking for Skylar? 
“From the moment you decided to act in Mr. Martin’s name, you had jumped into a bottomless pit. If Mr. Martin lets you off easily, people like you will spring up everywhere tomorrow. That would be a huge slap in his face. Do you understand now, Ms. Silver?” 
After finishing. Paul took out his phone. While chasing after Joe, he made a call. 
“In the future, don’t allow Ms. Annie around Mr. Martin.” He didn’t speak too loud, but it was just enough for Annie to hear. 
Annie felt even more humiliated. Was there really no other way? 
Standing in a daze, she suddenly saw a figure in the distance. It was Skylar. 
Annie bit her lip hard. She felt very conflicted toward Skylar. 
She and Joe would still be friends if it weren’t for her. Even if their relationship hadn’t taken a step further, they wouldn’t have parted ways so bitterly.” 
She couldn’t wait for Joe to kick Skylar aside once he got tired of her. By then, if 
Skylar had stayed in Jipsburg City, she would become a target for many people. 
Skylar would be ruined. 
Annie took a deep breath and calmed down. Though her eyes were still bloodshot, she knew what to do next. She had to pay for what she did. 
She glanced at Skylar and the group and cursed, “Skylar, it’s not worth ruining the Silver family over you. Joe can’t protect you forever. I will get even with you for the humiliation I suffered today.” 
As they walked away, Natalie looked back occasionally. She was surprised to see Joe approaching them but didn’t think much of it. It was probably just a coincidence. But why was Annie glaring at Skylar? 
###chapter262
“Skylar, do you know Annie?” Natalie asked curiously. 
Skylar turned to look in Annie’s direction upon hearing the question. She was a bit 
surprised to see that Joe and Annie had already parted ways. They didn’t seem to 
have said much to each other. 
Even from a distance, Skylar could tell that Annie was looking at her. 
“We’ve met a couple of times,” Skylar replied. 
Natalie nodded in realization. 
“No wonder she’s staring at you.” 
However, she had a feeling that Annie seemed to view Skylar as a love rival. But that 
couldn’t be possible. Skylar didn’t even know Joe. She only had a fake marriage 
certificate. 
“You must be mistaken,” Skylar said, not wanting to elaborate. 
Annie was a cunning woman, and Skylar didn’t want to get involved with her. 
“What are you two talking about?” Charles, who was walking ahead, asked when he 
saw them chatting and looking back. 
Natalie pointed toward Annie and asked, “Do you see that beautiful woman?” 
Charles glanced over and was impressed when he saw Annie. 
“I know her! That’s Annie Silver, right? Her show is very popular, and she’s really 
pretty, too.” She was his type based on appearance alone. 
“No matter how pretty she is, she’s not as beautiful as Skye,” Natalie said firmly. No. 
celebrity, not even Annie, could compare to her. 
Suddenly, a figure popped into her mind–Jeremy’s secretary, who naturally had a great figure but also worked hard to maintain it. She was the kind of woman men 
couldn’t resist. 
Natalie frowned slightly. Why did she suddenly think of her? 
Cheater 203 
27 
Annabelle was just Jeremy’s secretary. She wasn’t even his type. But now that Natalie was reminded of her, the way Annabelle looked at her seemed unusual, almost as if she were competition. 
“If I ever get to be on her show, it means I’ve made it big,” Charles said, full of dreams. and expectations for the future. Once he achieved his career goals, he’d find a 
girlfriend he truly loved. 
Natalie pushed aside her chaotic thoughts and smiled. “Charles, I have a feeling you’ll be famous soon,” she said. 
for at 
“Thank you! When I make it big, I’ll take you two to Nordland and you’ll have the time of your lives,” Charles promised generously. 
Skylar smiled. “I believe you can do it! Visiting Nordland is my dream. I’ll be waiting for you to make it come true.” 
“Just wait! I won’t let you down!” 
The three of them continued chatting and laughing as they walked. 
Meanwhile, Joe was getting closer. Suddenly, several middle–aged men blocked his path, seemingly delighted to see him. 
“What a coincidence, Mr. Martin! We didn’t expect to run into you here!” 
Since we’ve met, why not join us for some tea?” 
“You’re becoming more and more composed these days.” 
Joe looked at the men blocking his way and discreetly glanced at Skylar ahead. 
“Mr. Morris, Mr. Perez, Mr. Evans, it’s good to see you here.” 
Paul, who had caught up, saw the men surrounding Joe and immediately came over to greet them. 
###chapter263
The companies behind these men were all partners of Martin Group. They were close with Joe as well. It looked like they had arranged to socialize together. 
Walking ahead, Skylar heard the commotion behind her. She turned and caught Joe’s gaze. Both of them seemed to have a mutual understanding and acted like they didn’t know each other in front of the others. There wasn’t a single sign of 
emotion in their eyes. 
“Wow, it’s Joe. Look, was he looking at you? I have this inexplicable feeling that your might have a chance with him.” 
Natalie started to like the idea of them being together. She felt that the two of them. made a good– looking couple. None of the couples on dating shows or celebrity 
couples could compare. 
“You mean Skye and Joe? They don’t even know each other; how is that possible? Besides, I don’t think Joe is a good match with her. 
“Marrying into a wealthy family isn’t as great as it seems; there are many 
complications and rules. Plus, there are plenty of wealthy women who want to marry Joe. Even if Skye is outstanding, it’s best not to get involved in that mess. Those wealthy families are complicated.” 
Charles quickly dismissed Natalie’s idea without a second thought. 
Skylar felt a bit guilty. She had already married into the family, and everything else. 
remained to be seen. Now, it seemed there was no turning back. 
She received a message from Joe on her phone: “Dinner tonight?” 
“Okay,” she replied simply. 
Then she asked Charles, “If I really married Joe, would you advise me to get al 
divorce?” 
Charles was clearly taken aback by the question. 
“I never considered that a possibility. You don’t even know him. You’ve just met by 
coincidence: there’s no talk of marriage, let alone divorce.” 
Skye, don’t get too caught up in this, Natalie warned. 
The fact that Skylar had even made a fake marriage certificate suggested that she was getting too involved. Suddenly, Natalie felt anxious. 
Did Skylar take her jokes about them being a couple to heart, leading to that fake marriage certificate photo? Was Skylar in trouble because of her reckless words? 
Skylar looked at the two of them, and all the words she wanted to say boiled down to 
two. 
“Alright then. 
Neither of them would believe her, no matter what she said. 
Although Charles had no more scenes to shoot, he still had to follow the crew to the next location for a night shoot. So, after having lunch with him, Skylar and Natalie left. Skylar then drove Natalie home. 
Skylar decided to visit a few properties while still free in the afternoon. Before she knew it, time had flown by. She had previously researched them, so she wanted to visit the property in person to make a comparison. 
In a short time, she chose a property with a green landscape and layout that she was satisfied with and immediately paid a deposit. 
It was a four–bedroom house priced at ten million dollars. She had a few million in hand and decided to pay half upfront and take out a loan for the rest. Having accomplished this major task, she drove directly to the restaurant where Joe had arranged to meet. 
She was so happy about achieving her dream that she couldn’t wait to share it with her adoptive mother and family. 
She planned to tell them after making the down payment next week and when she received the keys. She hadn’t noticed a car following her since she visited the first 
property. 
Chikder 263 
It wasn’t until Skylar parked her car outside the restaurant and saw it next to hers that she realized it had followed her the entire way. Someone was tailing her. 
Act Fast Free Bonus Time is Running Our 
Glam 
-4 
###chapter264
She didn’t get out of the car. Instead, she carefully scrutinized the car that had been following her. The person in that car seemed to realize they’d been spotted. After a few seconds of hesitation, she got out of the car. 
Annie stepped out in high heels. She carried herself elegantly, and she seemed 
sophisticated and elegant. 
Upon seeing Annie, Skylar’s expression darkened. Had Annie been following her since they were at the golf course? She was curious to know what her intentions 
were. 
Annie had already reached her car. 
“How long have you been following me?” Skylar asked coldly. 
Annie, unflustered despite being caught, had prepared for this. “From the golf course 
to here. About three hours.” 
Skylar chuckled. “Why are you following me?” 
“You should be able to guess. I followed you because of what happened last time. We had a misunderstanding, and before we could resolve it, Mr. Martin overheard 
our conversation. It led to a misunderstanding between me and him and caused him 
to distance himself from the Silver family. 
“You’re the only one who can help me clear this up. No matter what you ask for, I’ll meet your demands. I’ve insulted you with the money before, and I apologize for that. 
Annie’s attitude in asking for help carried an air of arrogance. Even though everyone blamed her, she refused to lower herself before Skylar. 
It was the first time Skylar had seen someone speak so elegantly about stalking and 
have such a haughty attitude while asking for help. 
Didn’t the last incident teach Annie a lesson? She should have a good memory as a 
TV host. 
“I can’t help you,” Skylar answered flatly. 
Annie frowned. “I saw the properties you visited today. They’re all average developments in Jipsburg City. This shows Mr. Martin didn’t give you much money, and you’re not that important to him. He could get rid of you any time. 
“If I were you, I’d seize what I could while I had the chance. I can give you a villa or a high–end apartment, whichever you choose. These are far better than the properties. you saw today. 
“I know you’re not on good terms with the Williamses, and they won’t give you anything. I also know you’re on Mr. Gardner Senior’s team. 
“Although joining his team means your future will improve, you’re new, and there’s a long road ahead. You probably don’t have the qualifications to take on any work yet. Your adoptive mother’s financial situation is modest and can’t help you much, so your options are limited.” 
She was a typical TV host who was great with words. Skylar almost wanted to applaud her. 
“My options are limited, but I can ask you for anything, right?” Skylar smiled. 
Annie, still haughty, nodded. 
“Yes, anything. I can also help your brother advance further in the entertainment industry. He’s been in the industry for several years, but without help, it’s hard to 
make it big. Many good actors want to succeed, but only a few do.” 
Skylar’s tone turned icy. “You’ve done a thorough investigation on me. 
Indeed, she was doing everything to achieve her goal. 
“Your information isn’t hard to find, Annie replied, unaware of Skylar’s changing 
demeanor. She had no idea she had stepped on Skylar’s bottom line. 
Η 
‘Anyone who knows would think you’re asking for my help; those who don’t would 
think you’ve dug up all this information to threaten me,” Skylar said, her smile not reaching her eyes. She hated people who thought they knew everything. 
###chapter265
Annie was so full of herself. Where does this sense of supériority come from? 
“I looked into you, but it’s not what you think. I’m just giving you another option.” Annie didn’t think she was wrong. 
Skylar glanced at the time; there were still twenty minutes left. Joe was always punctual, so he should be here soon. 
Seeing Skylar check the time, Annie asked, “You have a date here? With who?” 
She sounded a bit anxious. 
Skylar smiled and answered, “Haven’t you already figured that out?” 
Annie’s face turned sour. 
“Think carefully about my proposal. You won’t get another chance after today, even if you regret it. I’ve known Joe for a long time. You just met him, and you don’t understand the Martin family. They won’t accept a girl who grew up in the countryside marrying him. You can only be his plaything.” 
“Are you done?” Skylar’s patience was wearing thin. She was usually quite patient, but Annie’s antics quickly exhausted her. 
“Skylar, don’t test my patience,” Annie snapped, irritated. She rarely encountered setbacks, and recently, she kept facing problems because of Skylar. 
“I should be the one saying that. Ms. Silver. Leave if you’re done. If you have any issues, go directly to Joe and stop bothering me,” Skylar said coldly. 
Annie’s expression fell. “Skylar, do you know what you’re doing?” 
No one had ever demanded her to leave. This was the first time she was facing such 
demand. 
“You’re the one who has no idea what you’re doing, Ms. Silver, it would be great if you could use your brain sometime. Until you do, stay in your lane and stop causing trouble for others. I don’t have time to play games with you,” Skylar snapped. 
Annie narrowed her eyes, and her face turned red with anger. “Skylar, you’re being 
unreasonable!” 
“There’s no need to be reasonable since you keep coming after me. You wouldn’t understand reason anyway,” Skylar said, exasperated. 
As a TV host, Annie should be quick–witted and sensible, yet she lacked basic 
common sense. 
Annie took a deep breath, her face turning ashen. “I didn’t realize you’re so greedy. Fine, I’ll indulge you this once.” 
She would think of it as charity from the Silver family to a beggar. 
“Name any condition you want!” she said. 
Skylar initially thought there weren’t many arrogant people like those in the Williams family, but there were plenty of others, perhaps even worse. 
“Don’t bother me unless you’re offering a billion dollars,” Skylar set an astronomical 
price. 
“Are you crazy? Skylar, it won’t do you good to offend the Silver family. Now you’re relying on Mr. Martin’s favor to act recklessly, demanding a billion dollars? Your greed knows no bounds. If Mr. Martin knew how insatiable you are, he’d surely get rid 
of you.” 
Annie suddenly found Skylar repulsive. 
Skylar responded coolly, “Mind your own business. You’re too young to be acting like 
a wicked stepmother.” 
“Skylar!” 
###chapter266
Annie was furious and called out again, “Skylar!” 
Maintaining her smile, Skylar replied, “Ms. Silver, is there anything else?” 
“I just hope you won’t regret this,” Annie knew she couldn’t waste more time with Skylar. Joe might arrive any moment now. 
She turned and got into her car. As the car started, she rolled down the window and 
looked back at Skylar. 
“Skylar, you will regret this.” 
She didn’t believe Joe would like Skylar for long. He was probably only interested in 
her because of her looks. 
“I can tell you right now, I won’t regret it. But I can’t say the same for you. I’m usually quite easygoing, but two can play the game in the face of someone pretentious. 
Later, when I see Mr. Martin, I’ll make sure to tell him about this later,” Skylar said 
with a mischievous smile, her eyebrows raised arrogantly. 
Annie gripped the steering wheel tightly and urged, “Let’s discuss this some other time. I didn’t mean to offend you with my words earlier.” 
Skylar smiled. Did Annie think she was a fool? 
Annie took a deep breath, feeling a bit panicked. 
“There’s no need to complain to Joe about this. He’s very busy with work, and bringing these petty squabbles to him will only make him dislike you, which won’t do 
you any good.” 
“He says he likes it when I act clingy,” Skylar replied nonchalantly. She wasn’t sure what type of woman Joe liked, but she was certain he didn’t like women like Annie. 
Annie’s face turned red with anger. She knew Skylar was doing it on purpose. No 
man likes a clingy woman, let alone Joe. 
Over the years, many women have tried everything to get his attention, yet he hasn’t shown interest in them. Could he really prefer Skylar’s reckless and clingy nature? 
Seeing Annie wavering, Skylar chuckled inwardly. Did she fall for her offhanded remarks so easily? 
“Anyway, I’ll apologize first. Skylar, we could try to be friends. Being friends with me 
would bring you many benefits.” 
Annie’s tone changed, becoming as gracious and poised as the TV host persona sher displayed on her show, the kind of personality that easily wins people’s favor. 
Annie’s ability to switch personalities was impressive. 
“There’s no need to be friends. I don’t want to be taken advantage of. Please leave 
you’re done. There’s not enough parking space here,” Skylar said with a smile. 
Did Annie think she could be easily fooled? 
“Fine!” Annie gripped the steering wheel tightly, her long nails leaving deep marks. 
She sped off, leaving the parking spot. 
As the car drove away, Skylar’s smile faded. She knew that having an enemy like. Annie would cause her many troubles in the future. But it was safer than having her 
as a friend. 
“When did you understand me so well?” a voice suddenly asked behind her. 
Skylar turned to see Joe. When did he arrive? 
Joe’s lips curved up slightly, waiting for her response. 
Skylar couldn’t manage a smile. “How much did you hear?” 
“Almost everything,” Joe replied honestly. He had arrived and witnessed Skylar arguing with Annie, leaving her speechless. It was his first time seeing the usually 
composed Annie so riled up. 
Skylar felt like she was making a fool of herself in front of Joe more and more lately. Any explanation now seemed pointless.. 
“We haven’t been married long, and you already know me better than I know you. Are you falling for me?” Joe whispered as he stepped closer, closing the distance. between them. 
Skylar was startled by his last remark. 
“Am 1 that lucky? Did I guess your preference? If I sold this story to the press, I could 
make a fortune,” 
Act Fast Free Bonus Times Running Our 
Claim& 
###chapter267
They were only living together. As for feelings, Skylar stopped herself from thinking. 
further. 
Joe’s eyes darkened. 
“No press would dare to report on my private life without my permission.” 
It seemed she truly didn’t like him. 
“You’re too domineering,” Skylar muttered. 
He was as domineering in real life as he was in his job as a CEO. 
The two of them entered the restaurant. The interior was extremely luxurious, like 
stepping into a medieval castle. Small bridges, flowing water, and rooks created a 
serene environment. 
A pianist played a song, adding to the pleasant and comfortable atmosphere. 
Once they were seated, it wasn’t long before the dishes were served. Each one was exquisitely prepared, a feast for the senses. 
Having spent the afternoon visiting various properties, Skylar was famished. 
Halfway through the meal, Skylar felt a bit uncomfortable in her stomach. “I need to 
go to the restroom,” she said. 
Joe nodded. 
Just as Skylar stood up to leave, the door was suddenly pushed open. 
“Mr. Martin, as long as you help me, I’ll do anything you ask. I have three daughters. You can pick whichever one you like.” 
A middle–aged man approached Joe anxiously, nearly falling to his knees. 
Joe’s expression turned cold, and he suddenly became sharp and imposing. 
The man started sweating profusely under his scrutinizing gaze, realizing how abrupt his actions were. But he was desperate and couldn’t care less. 
What shocked Skylar even more was that three beautiful women entered the room 
within seconds of the man’s words. Each one was more stunning than the last, with 
figures to match. Two seemed to be minor celebrities, ones she had seen in TV 
dramas. 
She couldn’t believe this was happening. 
The three women blushed when they saw Joe and sweetly called his name. 
Skylar suddenly found the scene a bit absurd. The pleading father didn’t seem like a father at all, more like a pimp. 
The middle–aged man wiped his sweat and looked at Joe. “Mr. Martin, do you like any 
of them?” 
Skylar watched as Joe remained calm. He wasn’t at all surprised. She realized that such occurrences were probably normal for him. 
She wondered if Joe had ever given in to such temptations before. The three women were pleasing to the eye; she might have been tempted if she were a man. 
Joe glanced at Skylar and saw her admiring the women. His brows furrowed even 
more. 
“Who gave you the nerve?” Joe asked coldly. 
The middle–aged man froze, sweating profusely. “I… I just wanted to ask for your help. You wouldn’t be helping me for nothing.” 
###chapter268
Three beautiful women stood alluringly in front of Joe. 
Any man would likely find it hard to resist, but Joe seemed dissatisfied. Skylar suddenly realized that Joe must have very high standards. She wondered what kind of woman could catch his eye. 
Joe’s expression grew colder as he looked at Skylar and said, “I have a better choice. Do you think I’d be interested in the people you send?” 
It was then that the others noticed there was someone else in the room besides Joe. Skylar stood there, looking at them with a calm and curious gaze. 
Beautiful women love to compare themselves to others. Seeing Skylar, the three sisters‘ expressions immediately soured. Their goal today was to get into Joe’s bed. Why was there another woman here? 
Their father had assured them everything was arranged perfectly, even advising them to dress beautifully. They had prepared a cello and flute outside, ready to showcase their talents, just waiting for Joe to choose one of them. But now, the woman in the room was even more beautiful than they were. 
Skylar noticed the three sisters looking at her and gave them a small smile. None of the sisters could muster a smile in return. They could tell that Joe didn’t like them. 
They had been groomed to be elegant and outstanding from a young age, yet Joe didn’t even spare them a glance. Now they understood it was because of this 
woman. 
The middle–aged man was clearly shocked. He didn’t expect anyone else to be present. He had arranged everything meticulously. 
This…” 
He had never heard of Joe dating anyone. Usually, Paul would be around Joe. 
Over the years, many women had tried to seduce Joe, but none had ever captured 
his attention. Why was there suddenly a woman now? And this woman was obviously more beautiful than his three daughters. 
CRAMEZHI 
“Mr. Martin, I’m particularly good at playing the flute. I’ve won numerous 
competitions. How about I play a piece for you and this lady to enjoy?” One of the sharp–minded sisters with long flowing hair proposed. 
The middle–aged man had always favored this daughter because she was clever and knew how to please men. She was also quick to step in and defuse the situation. 
Skylar blinked. Was this really happening? 
Joe noticed Skylar’s intrigued expression and felt a surge of inexplicable anger. His 
two words carried a sharp edge, “Go ahead.” 
The middle–aged man breathed a sigh of relief. Thankfully, one of his daughters was smart enough to handle the situation. Otherwise, he would have been humiliated. 
He had already put all his bets on this plan. No matter what, he had to get one of his 
daughters into Joe’s bed. Everything would work out as long as Joe became his son- 
in–law. 
Skylar had initially wanted to go to the restroom, but after this interruption, she not longer felt like going. She decided to watch the flute performance instead. 
The lady played the flute beautifully, and Skylar enjoyed the music and eating more 
of the dishes. 
However, midway through a flute piece, she suddenly felt dizzy as she ate. It wasn’t the drowsy feeling that made one feel like sleeping but a strange sensation. accompanied by a slight dizziness. She found herself suddenly attracted to Joe, who looked very handsome and charming. 
Joe’s eyes were also deep and intense as he stared at Skylar. It seemed as if something was burning in their eyes. 
###chapter269
The middle–aged man standing nearby was sweating even more, his back drenched from the tension. 
It seemed like the drug was taking effect, but there was another woman present who was distracting Joe’s attention. 
Joe clearly seemed more interested in that woman, barely glancing at his daughter, who possessed an ethereal grace like an angel descending from the heavens. 
Any man would want to claim her as his own. He rarely showed her off in public, fearing others would covet her, and had always intended for her to marry someone 
who could benefit him. 
The woman was also getting anxious. Everyone who had ever seen her play the flute said she was enchanting. She always performed at events during college and was voted the most beautiful student on campus. 
She was a beloved star in the entertainment industry, admired by all. How could she 
become a mere backdrop in front of a woman she had never seen before? 
Joe didn’t glance at her, and her face turned red with frustration. 
Skylar felt uncomfortable and gor 
to leave. She wanted to wash her face and clear 
her head in the bathroom. As she stood up, a familiar sensation washed over her. It 
reminded her of the time before her rebirth when Maisy and Christopher had 
drugged her. 
That drug was potent, causing uncontrollable desire and confusion. Although the current feeling wasn’t as intense, it still made her feel an overwhelming urge to 
undress. 
She couldn’t fathom why she would be drugged when she was dining with Joe. 
Skylar took a deep breath and said, “I don’t feel well, Joe. Let’s go home.” 
“Okay.” 
Joe’s eyes were bloodshot. He stood up and moved toward Skylar. 
Before he could take a second step, someone stopped him. 
“Mr. Martin, I haven’t finished playing yet. Could you please listen to the rest of the piece?” the woman pleaded softly. 
The middle–aged man looked at his other two daughters and ordered, “Take this lady upstairs to the hotel to rest,” 
Having already committed to this course of action, he couldn’t back down now. There was no room for retreat. 
The two sisters approached to support Skylar. 
Skylar pushed them away, “Get lost!” 
She quickly figured out who drugged her. She wasn’t a fool. 
“You don’t look well. You’d better take a rest.” 
“Yes, there’s a hotel upstairs. Rest for a bit; you might have caught a cold.” 
They planned to send a few men to her room later. Such a beautiful woman could easily ruin their father’s plans, and they would be forced into a life of poverty. 
Skylar pressed her lips tightly together and was about to push them away again 
when Joe kicked the woman aside. 
Her scream filled the air, and the middle–aged man tried to intervene, but it was too late. Joe delivered a fierce punch, and the man howled in pain as several false teeth 
flew out. 
“Dad!” 
The scene descended into chaos as restaurant staff rushed in, alarmed by the 
commotion. They froze at the sight before them. 
Joe coldly instructed the manager, “Send them to the police station. Have these 
dishes tested, and deal with this immediately!” 
The manager, understanding the gravity of the situation, responded nervously, “Mr. Martin, don’t worry. I will handle everything accordingly.” 
###chapter270
The restaurant would be doomed if they failed to handle the matter properly. 
The middle–aged man and the three sisters turned pale. They were finished. This was the end of their family, as they were the ones who spiked the food. 
The restaurant manager understood what had happened perfectly after witnessing the scene. His career would be affected since such an incident occurred under his management. 
Gritting his teeth, he ordered, “Take them to the police station!” 
Joe brought Skylar back to the car. Paul, noticing the flush on their faces, quickly understood what had happened. 
“Mr. Martin, should we go to the hospital? 
Joe unbuttoned the top two buttons of his shirt and replied in a deep voice, “Call Dr. Grey.” 
“Yes, sir.” 
As the driver called Howard, Skylar was already feeling disoriented. 
potent 
Joe hadn’t eaten much, but the drug was more toward men, and they would quickly lose control. 
Skylar whimpered in his arms, “When will we get home? This sucks.” 
“Soon. Just hold on, Skylar,” Joe’s voice was low and restrained. 
Skylar’s eyes reddened slightly; the familiar discomfort and memories of how 
helpless she felt in the past made her bite her lip and cry silently. 
She didn’t want to endure that unspeakable agony again. She was desperate to be free from the suffering. 
Her mind was a mess as she was torn between reason and madness. However, she knew she could trust Joe and clung to him tightly like a lifeline. 
Joe’s body was tense; his eyes were bloodshot, and he breathed heavily. He was struggling just as much as Skylar. Her movements in his arms suggested they could succumb to their desires together, 
However, when he was at the end of his wits, he noticed Skylar was crying–not from physical pain, but from a deep sense of sadness–something tightened painfully in his chest. His breath hitched. 
His voice was hoarse as he urged Paul, “Drive faster.” 
“Yes, Mr. Martin.” 
Paul hit the accelerator. He was very skilled, and the Bugatti sped down the road. 
Half an hour later, they arrived at Galaxy Villa, both barely aware of their surroundings. 
It wasn’t clear who initiated it, but they started kissing passionately. They might have made it upstairs if the doorbell hadn’t suddenly rung. 
Upon entering and seeing Joe and Skylar entwined, Howard paused for a moment. 
He had dealt with such situations before; this wasn’t Joe’s first time being drugged. Usually, it required a cold shower or an IV, but neither could fully counteract the effects. Enduring the drug’s
influence was often the only option. Given the current circumstances, why bother with that? 
“Mr. Martin, you two are legally married. Just go upstairs and do the deed,” Howard advised helplessly. 
He learned of Joe’s marriage the last time he visited Galaxy Villa. However, he didn’t seem pleased with his new wife, as they slept in separate rooms. 
It had been a while since he’d seen them, but just before entering, he’d seen them kissing. Going to bed together would solve all their problems. 
Joe’s eyes were filled with desire. He turned toward Howard. 
“Will it hurt her?” 
“Medical intervention can’t do much. You’ll both have to endure it,” Howard stated 
bluntly. 
“Get out.” 
Howard winced, at a loss for words. He wouldn’t have dared to stay anyway. 
As soon as the door closed again, Joe carried Skylar in his arms. His dark eyes filled 
with desire. 
“Do you want to endure this?” 
Skylar, barely holding onto a sliver of sanity, understood what he was asking. 
Her eyes glistened with unshed tears. “No, I don’t,” she said, her voice weak but 
persistent. 
They were married. Unless something unforeseen happened, they wouldn’t divorce and might have children. Sleeping with him wasn’t a loss. She had endured the effects of the drug many times before her rebirth, always trying to suppress her 
desires. 
Joe’s lips captured hers again. As they lay on the bed, Skylar fell in a daze. 
Joe, now shirtless, revealed a muscular and well–defined body. His deep eyes focused solely on her. His throat felt dry. 
Skylar’s heart raced. In the next moment, his tall frame covered hers, and her clothes were gone without realizing it. 
Joe couldn’t resist kissing her again. Their lips and tongues entwined fiercely, and Skylar gradually relaxed. 
They were at it from dusk until dawn. 
By the next morning, sunlight streamed through the partially open window. 
Skylar felt like she had been run over by a truck when she woke up. As she sat up, the events from last night flooded her mind. 
She glanced down at herself. It wasn’t a dream. She wasn’t in her room but in Joe’s, 
with her body covered in marks from their passionate night. 
The room was still hot with passion. 
Suddenly, Joe spoke beside her, “I got you a day off. Sleep a bit more.” 
“A day off?” Her voice was hoarse from the previous night’s activities. Then it hit her 
it was Monday. She glanced at the time. 
“It’s noon?” 
Joe opened his eyes slightly to look at her. 
His 
gaze fell on her fair, delicate skin, partially covered by a blanket but still showing the marks he’d left. His breathing quickened slightly. 
“You probably don’t have the energy to work today,” he said, his voice deep. 
###chapter271
Skola’s face turned beet red. She was filled with astonishment 
Normally, Joe seemed so cold and stern, but he was an animal in bed. 
Alright, I’ll take a shower first, Skylar said, trying to stay calm. She wrapped herself in the blanket and got out of bed to find her clothes. 
Joe gazed at her fair back and cleared his throat. “I already washed you last night,” 
he said 
Skylar stiffened. Was he that considerate? 
The thought of her lying like a dead fish in the bathtub, being meticulously cleaned by Joe, filled her with embarrassment. Looking at the mess on the floor only added 
to her dismay. There were condoms everywhere and clothes scattered all around. 
Before she could take it all in, a long arm wrapped around her waist pulled her back 
into the bed, right into the crook of Joe’s arm. 
Sleep a little longer,” Joe murmured, his voice thick with sleep. 
Both of them were completely naked, and Skylar froze, not daring to move. However, 
her body ached, and she felt exhausted, so she wanted to sleep a bit more. 
Skylar’s thoughts wandered as she drifted off. People often said that men felt 
refreshed after sex, but Joe looked so tired. Was he too exhausted? Did that mean 
he was unhealthy? 
Unaware of Skylar’s thoughts, Joe found himself unusually sleepy. This was the first 
time in years he felt this way.. 
After washing Skylar and putting her back to bed, he wanted to have a smoke. But 
when he heard her soft murmur of pain, he impulsively climbed back into bed to hold 
her, and within minutes, he fell asleep. 
Ever since they started sharing a bed, his insomnia seemed to improve, and holding her made him sleep even better. 
Meanwhile, at the company. Paul noticed the curious glances from everyone around him. He truly didn’t know what to say. 
This was the first time Joe missed work on a Monday. He was known to be at 
workaholic. So they were surprised he was absent on a workday, and it wasn’t due to a business trip. 
Although everyone was curious, no one dared to ask. 
Paul was the only one aware of the situation. He could only tell the others that Joe 
needed a break. 
It was true that Joe needed rest. Paul felt overwhelmed when he recalled the message he received that morning. He thought of finding himself a woman, too. 
Joe had mentioned that last night was too much, and he and Skylar needed a day to rest, asking Paul to inform Alexander. The phrase “too much” had been swirling in Paul’s mind all day. Nobody could understand what he felt. 
That day, Caleb arrived at Gardner Group, struggling in his crutches. 
He wanted to see Skylar. Earlier that morning, he had gone to the police station and 
met with Elliot. 
After some questioning, he learned that Skylar wasn’t married to him. Caleb 
wondered who Skylar was married to and if she was lying to him. 
However, upon his arrival, he was informed that Skylar had taken the day off. 
He was surprised she would take a Monday off, knowing how dedicated Skylar was to her work. She was also working on restoring Frank’s painting. 
Looking at his grandson helplessly, Alexander said, “She’s allowed to take a day off. 
There doesn’t have to be a specific reason. Even I don’t come when I have 
something going on.” 
Alexander didn’t want to spell it out for Caleb. 
###chapter272
Paute message was simple Joe asked him to take a day off as Skylar was too tired to work that day. 
Alexander understood clearly what that implied. Young people were always quite active Caleb might find it hard to accept if he explained further. 
Caleb pursed his lips and said, “Then I’ll come back tomorrow!” 
He was determined to see Skylar. He suspected that maybe Skylar was secretly married and didn’t want people to know. 
If it was a secret marriage, it meant she couldn’t be that much in love. Caleb wouldn’t keep his marriage a secret if he married someone he loved. He was young, so he still had a chance. 
When Skylar woke up again, it was already 2:00 pm. She woke up to the sound of Joe answering a phone call. She vaguely heard him greet the caller as “Grandma“. and then she was fully awake. 
She heard Joe say, “We won’t be returning to Pearlhall Residence tonight. We’re eating at home today. I’ve already ordered food to be delivered. Skye is too tired from last night. We’ve been sleeping in since morning.” 
Skylar became more and more alert. She was now too embarrassed to face Gloria. 
Gloria was astonished to hear that Skylar was tired and that they’d been sleeping in. She gripped the phone and pressed for details, “Is it what I’m thinking?” 
Joe smirked and replied, “What do you think it is, Grandma?” 
“You rascal! Be gentle with Skylar! You hear me?” Gloria said before hanging up. 
She quickly called for Agatha. “You’ll have more work for the next couple of days. 
Make sure the kitchen prepares some nourishing foods and delivers them to the Galaxy Villa. My grandson doesn’t know how to hold back.” 
Agatha was also taken aback. 
“Yes, madam. I’ll get on it right away.” 
While Joe was on the phone with Gloria, Skylar wrapped a towel around herself. 
After he finished the call and turned back, he saw Skylar about to leave. 
“Did I wake you up?” Joe asked. 
Skylar stopped and looked at him. 
“No, I just woke up.” She firmly denied hearing any part of the conversation. 
Joe smiled and walked toward her. “I’ll get you some clothes. It’s uncomfortable walking around like that.” 
As Joe approached, Skylar realized he wasn’t wearing a shirt. She was shocked to see he had some scratch marks on his chest. 
Skylar couldn’t fathom how those scratches got there. She quickly looked away. 
Fortunately, he had a towel around his waist. Otherwise, she would have wanted to cover her eyes. It was quite an indecent sight. 
“No, no, I can do it myself. My room is just next door,” Skylar said as she hurried away. 
In her haste, she pulled a muscle and yelped, “Ah!” 
Joe scooped Skylar up. 
“Dr. Grey will bring some medicine soon. Applying it will make you feel better. I’m sorry, I couldn’t control myself last night.” 
“Likewise…” Skylar muttered. 
here 
As Joe picked her up, her 
eyes were leveled with the marks on his chest. She had 
been quite wild herself. 
###chapter273
When Joe heard Skylar’s reply, he looked down at his chest. 
The marks were all from last night, courtesy of Skylar. Not an inch was spared. The two of them had ended up leaving marks all over each other’s bodies by the end of the night. 
After laying Skylar on the bed, Joe went to open the wardrobe. He frowned when he saw only a few simple pieces of clothing inside. 
“What do you want to wear?” he asked, glancing back at Skylar, who looked visibly exhausted on the bed. 
Skylar was worn out from yesterday night. She yawned and pointed to a long black. dress. 
“I’ll wear that long black dress.” 
There was only one black dress inside, so without having to choose, he took it out. He also grabbed her underwear and bra, placing them on the bed. 
“I’m going to change now,” he said. 
As soon as Joe left, Skylar looked at the underwear and bra and covered her eyes helplessly. 
The image of Joe handling her underwear lingered in her mind, making it impossible. for her to think straight. 
Christopher stood in front of the Gardner Group. He watched people come and go 
from the towering building, imagining Skylar working inside. 
The more he saw Maisy’s flaws, the more he appreciated Skylar’s virtues. He regretted everything deeply. 
At that moment, his phone rang. He took it out of his pocket and answered, “Mom.” 
“Have you seen Skylar?” 
“I haven’t seen her yet. Mom, I’ve been thinking. I wouldn’t have betrayed Skylar if 
Maisy hadn’t constantly tempted me. We might already be married now. We promised each other we’d get married after graduating college and then work hard. 
for our little family.” 
Whenever Christopher reminisced about the past, it felt like a knife piercing his heart. His regret was eating him inside. 
Amelia’s heart ached after hearing his words. 
“Son, this isn’t your fault. Maisy’s the one to blame. She’s a seductress, always trying to lure you in. It’s not your fault. And Skylar, she claimed to love you and wanted to 
marry you. But she refused to forgive you because of one mistake you made when you were tempted. So she’s at fault, too.” 
Amelia paused to take a sip of water before continuing, “The caregivers at the hospital aren’t attentive enough and are costing money. 
“Skylar took such great care of me. You should just sweet–talk her, say something 
nice. After all, she’s no longer innocent, and you’re being generous to take her back. 
She should come back and take care of me in the hospital.” 
In her mind, her son was an excellent man. Skylar should be grateful that her son still 
wanted her. If Skylar didn’t return to care for her, she would disapprove of their 
relationship. 
Christopher frowned. His mother was too optimistic. 
If Skylar could easily forgive him, she would have done so already. Moreover, she 
was now working at Gardner Group. The people she met and the things she experienced were different from what the old Skylar would have encountered. 
“Mom, if I win her back, you must treat her better. She has a job now and probably 
won’t care for you in the hospital. If the caregivers aren’t attentive, we’ll find another 
one,” Christopher said seriously. 
He currently had a million from Maisy, but after paying off some debts, he had only a little over 400 thousand dollars left. It still wasn’t enough to clear his debts. 
“Alri 
alright, whatever you say. It’s good to know you care about your wife.” 
###chapter274
Amelia rolled her eyes in exasperation, not bothering to keep up appearances since 
her son wasn’t around. 
Once Skylar and Christopher reconciled, she’d make sure Skylar came to the hospital to care for her. Skylar could forget about her job. No job should be more important 
than taking care of her. 
Once Christopher returned to work, Skylar would have to stay home and care for 
both of them. Then, Amelia would know exactly how to control her, just like before. 
Christopher hung up the phone and entered the Gardner Group. 
The security guard on duty that day was different and didn’t recognize Christopher, who had come looking for Skylar. 
“I’d like to see Skylar Sullivan. Can you ask for her?” Christopher asked the guard. 
The guard hesitated, “I haven’t seen Ms. Sullivan today. She might have taken the day off.” 
He remembered hearing something about it at the front desk earlier. 
Christopher was taken aback. 
“She took the day off? It’s Monday. She should definitely be at work.” 
He thought Skylar had instructed the guard to make an excuse whenever he arrived. She must be utterly disappointed in him. 
In that case, he’d wait. There were only about two hours left until the end of the workday. He wanted to see how Skylar would avoid him then. 
“You could call her and check if something’s wrong,” the guard suggested. 
If he knew she wasn’t at work, shouldn’t he call to make sure? Why was he asking the guard instead? It was puzzling. 
Christopher shot a cold glance at the guard but said nothing. He walked to a corner where he could see people leaving the building and decided to wait there. 
He took out his phone and dialed a number. It wasn’t Skylar; she had already blocked him and wouldn’t answer even if he used a different number. 
He was calling Maisy. If he was living miserably, he would drag her down with him. 
Maisy was at the mall shopping with a man, one of her college suitors, who was now 
pursuing her. 
Seeing Christopher’s call, she frowned and told the man she needed to use the 
restroom. She answered the call once inside. 
“I don’t think you should be calling me.” 
“Oh, but I do. Check your messages. I sent you a video. Enjoy. Maisy, you seem so innocent on the outside, I wouldn’t expect you to be so wild,” Christopher sneered, disgusted by her. 
She was utterly repulsive. 
“Christopher, what is this? I transferred you a million to delete the video, and now you’re blackmailing me again? Do you want me to get a lawyer and send you to jail?” Maisy was furious at Christopher’s actions. 
She couldn’t believe he was still blackmailing her despite having been paid off. Did he really think he could threaten her repeatedly? 
Christopher’s tricks were nothing compared to what she had up her sleeves. 
“I deleted the previous video. This is a new one. Watching it makes me sick, so I’m sharing it with you. This time, I want 500 thousand dollars. Give me the money, and I’ll delete this video,” Christopher demanded. 
“Christopher, you better make sure the video you sent is worth 500 thousand. If not, I won’t let you off easily!” Maisy fumed. 
###chapter275
Maisy hung up and immediately opened WhatsApp to receive the video. As soon as she played it, her expression changed drastically. 
The footage showed Maisy and Kenny hugging and kissing in the car. She had been at a bar that night, and he had caught her. 
Maisy had to take this desperate measure to win Kenny’s trust and ensure he would keep it a secret from their family. 
However, she was rather indifferent toward moral standards. She could even accept it if Kenny wanted to sleep with her. 
But even if Maisy could come to terms with it, she doubted others would. The Williams family could never find out about the video. 
She could not believe how despicable Christopher was. He had actually followed her! 
Maisy knew she had to pay him. So, she could only bite her lip and forward the video to Kenny. She even added a pitiful emoji. 
Maisy’s message read, “Kenny, someone filmed us in the car that night and is using the video to blackmail me for one million dollars. I don’t have that much money. I’m still 500 thousand dollars short. 
“Could you transfer that amount to me? Our family can never know that I like you. Otherwise, I couldn’t bear the guilt, and it’d also implicate you,” 
When Kenny watched the video Maisy sent, his face flushed with embarrassment. He never imagined that someone would record their intimate moment in the car and 
was now using it to blackmail her. 
Maisy was already feeling bad because she had feelings for Kenny. He knew she 
would be devastated if the video fell into their family’s hands. 
At that thought, Kenny felt a pang of guilt. After all, Maisy genuinely liked him. Despite not knowing how to handle or confront this love, he understood that he 
could not let her down. 
203 
Kenny had to protect and stand up for Malsy in such a situation, even if she was his sister. 
He immediately called her. “Maisy, where are you now?” 
“Kenny, I’m outside. I’m scared, and I don’t know what to do. I know it’s a video of us, but I didn’t want this to happen either. I can’t control my feelings. I’m truly in love with you.” 
Maisy’s distressed and helpless cries came through the phone, pulling at Kenny’s heartstrings. No woman had ever shown him love that was so humble and desperate. 
“I’ll transfer one million to you now, and you’ll pay the person. Make sure they delete the video. Don’t worry, Maisy. I’ll protect you,” Kenny promised solemnly. 
No matter what would happen in the future or how things would turn out between them, he would never let anyone harm her. 
“Thank you, Kenny. I know my feelings for you are wrong and shameful. But whenever I’m in danger, you’re always there to protect me. I love you, Kenny,” Maisy replied, her voice choked with emotions. 
Kenny’s eyes reddened slightly upon hearing those words. 
“Maisy, loving someone isn’t something you can control. Your feelings for me aren’t wrong. It’s just that I have a lot to figure out now and can’t give you a definite answer. But remember, loving me doesn’t mean you’re a bad person.” 
Maisy was still sobbing as she answered, “Thank you, Kenny. I’ll heed your advice. Please don’t let Mom and Dad know that I like you. They would never approve. To them, my feelings are absolutely wrong.” 
And so, Kenny promised Maisy he would keep it a secret. 
After hanging up, Kenny transferred one million dollars to Maisy. There was not 
much money left in his account after the transaction. The one million dollars constituted the bulk of his remaining savings. 
Due to the recent surge of family crises, Peter could no longer give Kenny any money. 
Kenny’s spending was often excessive, and his salary wasn’t enough to sustain his 
lifestyle. Hence, his family would transfer money to his account every month. 
On top of that, he had never been in the habit of saving money. Since he had never faced a shortage of funds, he never concerned himself with finances. 
But now, as he stared at his account balance, he regretted his past extravagance. 
The moment Maisy received the money, she immediately transferred half of it to Christopher. 
“Don’t you dare follow me or try to film me again. This is the second time I’m giving you money, and it’ll be the last. If you do this again, I’ll make sure you regret it!” Maisy warned, gritting her teeth. Her words held weight.
###chapter276
At that moment, Maisy was consumed by hatred toward Christopher. 
Meanwhile, Christopher looked at the transfer details indicating 500 thousand dollars with satisfaction. Maisy’s threats meant nothing to him. They were as insignificant as the sting of a mosquito. 
“I just happened to film the video by chance. I never expected you would show up and let me record. Rest assured. As long as you don’t voluntarily provide 
opportunities for me to shoot, I won’t do it again.” 
All of Christopher’s promises were merely to appease Maisy. Since he had found out about Maisy and Kenny, he was determined to capture their scandalous affair on camera. It would be best to exploit Kenny, too. 
A despicable woman like Maisy probably had a lot of lovers. So, Christopher reckoned filming all of them would only benefit him. 
Lately, Christopher’s job hunt in Jipsburg City had been fruitless. But now, he could earn several hundred thousand dollars just by filming. Where else could he find such a good opportunity? 
Maisy took a deep breath before saying, “From now on, stop bothering me. What happened between us was mutual. We were happy. You don’t need to keep an eye on me. Go find Skylar instead.” 
“You and Skylar are two different women. Maisy, before you hang up, can you tell me how many men you’ve slept with?” Christopher asked. 
Maisy clenched her teeth and snapped, “That’s none of your business! Stop prying into matters you shouldn’t know!” 
“You’re just a slut. Stop acting all high and mighty,” Christopher sneered. 
After ending the call, he glanced at the entrance of the Gardner Group building. It 
was quiet, with no one in sight. 
As boredom struck, Christopher decided to sell Maisy’s video on an adult site. 
Although it only brought in a few tens of thousands of dollars, it was better than holding onto it. He was also providing other men the chance to watch it. 
Christopher waited until past 4:00 pm. Right then, people started coming out of the Gardner Group building. They were all leaving work. 
His eyes lit up with excitement as he scanned the entrance. He didn’t want to miss 
anyone. 
He refused to believe that Skylar had taken the day off and didn’t come to work. However, even after waiting for several minutes, Skylar never appeared. 
Could she be deliberately avoiding him? 
Christopher rushed forward and stopped someone. “Is Skylar still working?” he asked. 
“Didn’t Skylar take the day off today? Who are you? Do you need something from her? 
“the female staff countered. 
In an instant, anger surged within Christopher. “You said she took the day off?” 
“Yes, just call her if you need anything.” 
Christopher was fuming with rage as he watched Skylar’s colleague walk away. He had waited for hours, only to learn that Skylar had indeed not shown up for work. 
Right then, the security guard who was coming on duty spotted Christopher. He recognized him and immediately told his colleague, “If you see him again, don’t let him go near Skylar.” 
“Huh? But he’s been waiting here for her for hours. I even asked him to call her, but 
he didn’t want to.” 
The security guard answered, “He’s just a madman. I’ll let Skylar know.” 
Skylar received the security guard’s message. Upon learning that Christopher had 
waited for her for several hours, she took a deep breath.
###chapter277
Skylar wondered if Christopher had lost his mind. Otherwise, why would he bother her incessantly? 
In her past life, he had no conscience. And in this one, he was not only heartless but utterly shameless as well. 
Skylar had to stop him from going to the Gardner Group. As she pondered how to deal with the problem, Joe walked over with two cups of yogurt in hand. 
“Is something bothering you?” he asked after seeing her troubled expression. 
Skylar shook her head and didn’t respond. She would handle her issues with Christopher herself. 
Due to her rebirth, many events from her past life had not happened yet. However, a few days ago, Skylar found out that Amelia had already undergone surgery. 
Christopher had sold his family home and borrowed money from many relatives. It was safe to assume that his financial situation was not looking too good at the 
moment. 
But the private investigator had sent Skylar some information, which she had not had the chance to look at yet. 
The private investigator mentioned it contained crucial information, and the file was 
too big to send via text. So, he had emailed it to her. 
Skylar might have forgotten about this for a while if it hadn’t been for the WhatsApp 
message. 
She chatted with Joe for a bit longer before Paul called him away. 
2 
Since no one was at home, Skylar headed up to her room. She then retrieved her laptop, logged into her email, and downloaded the video file. 
Thanks to the fast internet speed, the video was downloaded within seconds. 
Skylar had a feeling that the private investigator had captured something on film. Yet, she never imagined it would be so mind–blowing. 
The footage left her utterly stunned. 
The video showed Christopher following Maisy and capturing the scene where she engaged in a flirtatious kiss with a stranger at the bar. 
As Skylar continued to watch, she felt her sense of right and wrong being challenged. 
After that, Christopher observed intently as the stranger led Maisy into a hotel. Then, 
one by one, several men entered the room. 
All these while, Christopher had been recording everything without batting an eye. 
When the video ended, Skylar was unable to snap out of her reverie for quite some 
time. She was utterly disgusted by Christopher and Maisy. 
In her past life, they used to openly display their affection in her presence. But now, 
Christopher could calmly watch Maisy with other men as if it were no big deal. 
After taking a moment to collect herself, Skylar called the private investigator and 
said, “Continue to keep an eye on Christoper for me. I’ll send you his personal details.” 
Once the call ended, Skylar rose to go to the bathroom. However, as soon as she 
stood and moved her feet, the pain returned. 
She took a deep breath and cursed, “Damn it, Joe! You’re too much!” 
She thought he was too wild. How could someone lack restraint to this extent? 
After Joe got into the car, he listened to Paul’s report. 
“They’ve been taken to the police station. I’ve already spread the word. They’ll be gone from Jipsburg in no time.” 
This kind of situation had not happened in the past two years. 
Joe’s ruthless methods used to keep everyone in check. Hence, Paul was surprised 
that someone would dare to drug Joe and even implicate Skylar. 
Nevertheless, seeing Joe’s pleased and cheerful demeanor, Paul could not help but 
acknowledge the brilliance of the drugging. 
牌 
How had they managed to time it so perfectly? They did it when Joe and Skylar were 
together. 
At around 9:00 pm that night, Natalie called Skylar. 
###chapter278
Natalie called to complain about how prolonged Jeremy’s business trip had become. 
Aside from the phone call when she visited Charles at work that day, their subsequent communication was just a couple of messages exchanged on 
WhatsApp. 
“At first, I didn’t think much of it. But the more I brood over it, the more uneasy I become. Is he genuinely so busy that he has no time left for me?” Natalie grumbled. 
Once again, Skylar felt a sense of foreboding creeping in. “Did Mr. Hughes say when 
he’d be back?” 
“No, he didn’t. He just said this situation was more complicated than expected. At first, I thought he’d be back in three or four days. But now, it looks like I’ll have to wait another week,” Natalie replied. 
She felt sorry for herself and sighed before adding, “Skye, I feel like I’m becoming at bit of a nag. All I can do is wait for my loved one to return.” 
Skylar patiently advised Natalie. Her friend’s cheerful nature meant she could easily shake off any unhappiness. 
Immediately afterward, Natalie changed the topic and started talking about the 
famous actor, Austin. 
“Guess what? Austin actually tasted the cookies I made! He even took a photo to show me. I might be the first fan to connect with him on Instagram!” Natalie 
exclaimed. 
She continued, “His latest movie is hitting theaters soon. I don’t care. You must make time to watch it with me! This time around, he’s playing the villain, a scumbag who murders his wife and abandons his daughter. I watched the trailer, and it’s so intense! 
Skylar also found herself intrigued. “Sure, I’ll watch it with you!” 
30 
The two chatted for a while longer before ending the call. 
As part of her nightly routine, Skylar would always check the orders placed on her Amazon store before going to bed. 
For the past few days, she had been getting more orders from loyal customers. Coupled with the new customers they referred, her daily income was quite 
substantial. 
However, with the influx of orders, Skylar needed more time to process them. There were even some customers with multiple queries, and she had to address them one 
by one. 
Right then, she noticed a familiar profile picture. The person had left a comment 
earlier that day. 
The individual wrote, “I think you’re a fraud. You don’t know anything, yet you’re scamming people online. I’m sure many have been conned by you. Here’s a piece of good news for you though. I’m pregnant.” 
Skylar frowned after reading the comment. Nevertheless, she closed the window and pretended not to have seen it. She believed it was unnecessary to reply, too. 
Plenty of people in the world would stop at nothing to achieve their goals, and this 
was no exception. 
After all, they were just strangers on the internet. Skylar was merely concerned for the man’s wife, who he had betrayed. 
When the wife learned that her husband, whom she loved and trusted, had been cheating on her, she would be overcome with immense pain and sorrow. 
If a mistress entered a household and established her dominance, it would be a devastating blow to the wife. 
With that in mind, Skylar abruptly ceased her train of thought. She refused to delve any further into the matter. 
Scumbags were everywhere, and the number of people hurt by them was immeasurable. Everyone had to face setbacks to grow stronger, time and time again. 
After exiting the Amazon application, Skylar took a shower and drifted off to sleep 
Chacte 279 
While she was in a daze, she could feel someone holding her, enveloping her in their 
embrace. 
Initially, she moved slightly as she felt somewhat uncomfortable. However, due to her fatigue, Skylar dismissed the discomfort as a dream and gradually grew 
accustomed to it. 
She felt a soothing warmth against her back that offered a sense of security in her 
half–conscious state. 
When Joe gazed at the sleepy Skylar in his arms, his lips curled into a faint smile in 
the darkness. 
“Sleep well,” he gently whispered into her ear. 
Time passed unnoticed. As Joe slept soundly, he felt Skylar’s body trembling and tensing in his embrace. She seemed to be having a nightmare. 
“Christopher…” Skylar mumbled. 
Joe didn’t catch her words clearly at first. But then, she murmured again, and he heard it. 
Skylar was calling out for Christopher. 
In the dim light, Joe’s piercing eyes appeared colder and darker than the night. 
Was a mere scoundrel deserving of her constant fixation? How could she even dream of him? Moreover, Skylar was trembling with fear as if she were terrified of losing him. 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>
###chapter279
Joe had been on the verge of sleep, but now it had slipped away. Although his 
expression remained frosty, he held Skylar tightly. 
He could see that she was deeply hurt. Moreover, she seemed quite frightened from 
her nightmare. 
In his embrace, Skylar gradually calmed down. It was as though she had broken free 
from the terrifying scenes of her dreams. 
“I hate you guys,” she muttered calmly after regaining composure. 
Joe heard Skylar’s declaration of hatred. He could not help but wonder if she was 
referring to Christopher and Maisy. 
If it was them, she could simply tell him, and he could get rid of them effortlessly. 
However, Joe knew that Skylar wanted to handle the matter herself. So, he decided 
to feign ignorance for now. 
When Joe was woken up, he was convinced he couldn’t fall back asleep. But before 
he knew it, he gradually drifted into slumber again, soothed by the steady rhythm of 
Skylar’s breathing. 
After Kenny transferred the remaining balance from his account, the past few days. 
had been exceptionally challenging for him. 
Having grown accustomed to dining at famous restaurants, he now found himself only able to grab a few bites at the office. 
Kenny’s colleagues, who had previously showered him with flattery, seemed to have caught wind of the Williamses‘ situation. Consequently, they began subtly probing 
and insinuating various things. 
Kenny noticed a distinct shift in how his colleagues treated him following Steven’s return from his business trip. Once eager to please him, they were now currying favor With Steven. 
Kenny couldn’t shake the feeling of being marginalized within the company. Furthermore, his confidence in research and development was waning. 
During his lunch break, he called Peter. 
“You haven’t transferred any money to me these past two months. I’m almost broke now. Can you please deposit some money into my account? I don’t need much. One million dollars will do,” said Kenny. 
Peter angrily countered, “Kenny, you should know about the company’s situation. We’re facing unprecedented challenges now. 
“Our accounts are running dry. Dad and I are racking our brains to find ways to salvage the situation, and you’re aware of this. So, why are you still asking me for money? Don’t you have your monthly salary?” 
Kenny’s expression darkened upon being questioned. “My salary is only a few tens of thousands of dollars a month. It’s barely enough to cover my daily expenses. Is the company really in such dire straits?” 
He knew the family’s company was in trouble. Otherwise, they wouldn’t have looked for Skylar. 
But was it really at the point where they could not even afford their living expenses? Kenny had never imagined things would become so challenging. 
Worry and fatigue were written all over Peter’s face as he sat by the floor–to–ceiling 
window in his office. 
Back then, he was full of ambition upon graduating. He had envisioned expanding the Williamses‘ business, but now… 
“Perhaps it’s even more serious than you think,” Peter began. “Over the past couple of years, Dad and I have taken out bank loans to expand our business. 
“There’s a possibility that our company will go under, and we’ll face bankruptcy. By 
then, our family will be burdened with massive debts.” 
Kenny’s heart faltered after learning about it. “There must be a way out, right? When you were in school, your natural knack for business insight was evident. 
“You could spot opportunities that others couldn’t. The company has thrived under your leadership over the past few years. So, I’m confident you can come up with a plan to turn things around.” 
The thought of the Williams family losing everything sent Kenny into a panic. 
After thinking about it, Peter answered truthfully, “Prepare yourself mentally. It’s likely the company will go under. But Dad and I will do everything we can to revive it.” 
With that, he did not say anything more and hung up. 
Kenny, on the other hand, was in a daze in the
###chapter280
In the evening, Kenny returned to the Williamses‘ villa. 
During this time, Jeffrey and Peter practically lived at the company. Samuel rarely came back as he was busy with filming. Thus, only Kenny, Sadie, and Maisy were at 
home. 
Sadie and Maisy were having dinner. Seeing Kenny had returned, Sadie said weakly,” 
Come and have dinner.” 
Maisy had lost her appetite. For the last few days, the meals at home were bland, 
with only a few dishes served. 
She looked at Kenny as he entered. 
Their eyes met briefly before Maisy quickly averted her gaze. It seemed like she was shy upon seeing him. 
Noticing her reaction, Kenny felt his spirits lift. No matter how many people at the office distanced themselves from him, Maisy would remain by his side. 
He smiled and walked over. 
During the meal, Kenny and Miasy exchanged furtive glances. It was as if they were silently sending secret signals to each other. 
Preoccupied with her thoughts, Sadie was completely unaware of the meaningful 
looks the two exchanged. 
It was not until they were almost finished eating that she spoke up. “I heard from a 
friend today that Skylar joined Mr. Gardner Senior’s team without anyone’s help. 
“He’s the kind of person who won’t take you in unless you’re truly capable, even if you were his son. So, it’s possible that Skye made it into Mr. Gardner Senior’s team on her 
own.” 
Only after Sadie’s friend pointed it out did they realize they had never valued Skylar or 
understood how exceptional she was. 
Maisy noticed the regret in Sadie’s expression. It took her attention away from 
Kenny, and she immediately said, “I’ve always thought Skylar was outstanding. But some things aren’t as simple as we think. Besides, her new boyfriend isn’t Mr. Gardner or Mr. Martin. He seems to be just an ordinary guy.” 
Skylar’s new boyfriend being an average guy made her even less useful to the family. 
The mention of Caleb and Joe caused Sadie’s expression to darken further. She realized they had misunderstood Skylar. 
However, there was still a twinge of regret within her. 
If Skylar had truly become involved with either of those men, their family would have had some powerful connections. Perhaps the company’s troubles would have been resolved by now. 
“We should find her again to clear up the misunderstandings from before when we have the chance,” Sadie said. 
She continued, “My friend said that since she’s working in Mr. Gardner Senior’s team, it means she’s soaring to success. In the future, many people will seek her assistance. By then, it’ll be a matter of pride for our family.” 
Even though Sadie’s tone was neutral, Maisy found her words unsettling. 
What did Sadie mean by “soaring to success“? Maisy would never let Skylar surpass her. Everyone in the family had to like her. 
Kenny used to harbor a sense of guilt toward Skylar. But at that moment, he frowned after sensing Maisy’s disappointment. 
“Mom, stop talking about her. She holds too much grudge against us. 
“I’m done eating, Mom. I’m heading up to rest,” Maisy said. 
She then gloomily ascended the stairs. 
At that sight, Kenny set down his cutlery and said, “Mom, Maisy is feeling down. I’ll go check on her.” 
“Go ahead.” 
So, Kenny headed upstairs and entered Maisy’s room. 
As soon as she saw him, tears welled up in her eyes. “Kenny, do you all like Skylar more than me? And because of my feelings for you… That’s why you dislike me as well, right?” 
Enjoy Ad-Free Reading>> 
###chapter281
Maisy’s words caused Kenny’s expression to change. He immediately strode over 
and embraced her. Following that, he lowered his head to kiss her. 
“I don’t hate you. Maisy, I like you.” 
As soon as those words escaped Kenny’s lips, Maisy immersed herself in the kiss. 
She knew that with just a bit of charm, she could make any man fall for her. Moreover, she had grown up with Kenny and knew him inside out. 
That day, as Skylar was about to leave work, she received a call from Steven. 
He told her he had the weekend off and asked her to go home because he had good news to announce. Charles would be there too, and Harvey had just finished his college entrance exams. So, the whole family could celebrate together. 
After agreeing, Skylar first went to Pearlhall Residence to visit Gloria. 
Stepping into the villa, she exchanged a few words with Gloria before the housekeeper, Agatha, handed her a bowl of soup. 
“Mrs. Martin, this beef and lentil soup is packed with nutrients. I heard you donated blood multiple times before, so you’re feeling somewhat weak. This will nourish your body,” Agatha said with a smile. 
Gloria chimed in, “Just having some will do. You might not be able to finish such a 
big bowl of soup.” 
The more she looked at Skylar, the more her heart swelled with admiration. 
Gloria couldn’t help but think Skylar was remarkable. Within such a short time, Joe was already smitten. At this pace, the prospect of having great–grandchildren felt plausible. 
After all, if Joe didn’t like someone, he wouldn’t even bother to look at them, let alone. 
touch them 
Given his status, he had been pursued by dozens, if not hundreds, of women over the 
years. Gloria could have had plenty of great–grandchildren by now. 
Nevertheless, none of them could compare to Skylar. 
Skylar accepted the bowl and took a sip. The soup was hearty and comforting, with 
the earthiness of lentils complementing the tender beef perfectly. 
It was evident that Agatha had poured her heart and soul into making the soup. 
“This is delicious. Thank you, Agatha,” Skylar Immediately expressed her gratitude. She was not just being polite. It was truly tasty. 
Initially, Skylar thought such medicinal soups would not be delicious. 
Before her second chance at life, no matter how much blood she donated, neither Sadie nor Jeffrey thought much about it. 
They always assumed Skylar was young and healthy enough to recover quickly. 
Hence, they never bothered to prepare any nourishing soups for her. 
But Gloria and Agatha had thought of it, and their concern was sincere. 
“As long as you like it. I’ll have someone send it to Galaxy Villa every day from now on. 
Agatha could tell that Skylar was genuinely grateful. She, too, wanted to treat Skylar 
well. 
When Joe arrived, he witnessed this heartwarming scene. 
The second Gloria saw him, she rolled her eyes disdainfully and asked, “Why did you 
just arrive now?” 
“I had some matters to attend to in the afternoon,” he answered. 
Gloria huffed and snapped, “Didn’t you arrive at the airport at noon? Did you rush to the office? All you ever do is work. You should spend some time with Skye.” 
She knew her grandson all too well. 
Skylar looked.. 
Je. 
The other morning, she woke up to find him in her room. But she couldn’t remember 
how he had asked her to move into his room. 
At that time, she had just woken up, and her mind was still sluggish. So, she was slow to react. Despite that, she agreed. 
However, on the day Skylar moved to Joe’s room, he had left on a business trip. They had not seen each other for the past two days. 
She thought he would be away for a few more days. To her surprise, he had returned that day. 
Joe noticed Skylar was staring at him, leading him to look back at her. 
“Is the soup good?” he asked. 
The bowl, half–full with soup, was still in Skylar’s hands. “Yes, it’s delicious.” 
Joe nodded in acknowledgment. “That’s good to hear.” 
Gloria and Agatha exchanged glances. They never imagined that Joe would take the initiative to show concern for someone. 
Then, to their greater astonishment, Joe said, “Grandma, if there’s nothing urgent, we’ll take our leave now.” 
Gloria had just taken a sip of water when she heard what he said. She was so 
startled that she almost choked on her drink. 
###chapter282
Gloria was surprised to see Joe so eager to take Skylar home. 
As she thought about the reason for the haste, Gloria’s ears turned red with 
embarrassment. 
She had learned about the general situation from that day. Someone had drugged Joe, and coincidentally, Skylar was also present. 
Both of them were affected, and ultimately, they ended up together. 
The maid who went to clean up Galaxy Villa mentioned that the pair were now 
staying in the same room. 
Gloria had been young once, too. So, she raised her hand and urged them, “Go on. I’m tired and need to rest. You two should enjoy your time together.” 
She figured it was best not to play the third wheel between them. 
Skylar was somewhat bewildered. Did Joe have something to talk to her about? 
Otherwise, why would he be in such a hurry to leave? 
With Gloria’s urging, the two left Pearlhall Residence. 
After getting into the car, Skylar asked, “Why the rush? Is something wrong?” 
They had not even had dinner yet. Skylar’s initial plan was to dine with Gloria at 
Pearlhall Residence. 
Joe’s gaze darkened slightly, not knowing how to respond. When he saw Skylar at Pearlhall Residence, he just had the impulse to take her home. Once the thought crossed his mind, he was somewhat baffled. 
Joe paused momentarily before replying, “Nothing’s wrong. I just thought we could eat some stew. There’s a restaurant chain under the group’s ownership, and they 
have a selection of seven or eight stew bases. Let’s see if there’s something you like.” 
Skylar’s eyes lit up with excitement upon hearing that. “That’s great! I’ve been craving stew for the past few days.” 
The thought of choosing from seven or eight stew bases made her incredibly happy. 
Thirty minutes later, they arrived at the restaurant. 
Despite being a stew restaurant, the decoration was extravagant. It truly lived up to the standards of the Martin Group. 
As soon as they stepped in, the aroma wafted through the air. 
Skylar and Joe headed to a private room on the eighth floor. There, she excitedly chose two stew bases that she liked, with the option of selecting up to four. 
Moreover, the variety of ingredients available in the stew restaurant surpassed those found in many similar eateries. 
Skylar’s eyes sparkled with delight. She was a true stew lover! 
“I’ve ordered mine. See if there’s anything you like to eat,” she said, brimming with 
anticipation. 
Joe hummed in acknowledgment and looked through the menu seriously. 
“I’m going to the restroom,” Skylar said and rose from her seat. 
Joe glanced at her, then lowered his head to continue going through the menu. He 
ordered a mildly spicy stew base and a vegetable stew base, both of which he could 
enjoy. 
After ordering the food, Joe idly waited for Skylar to return and for their dishes to 
arrive. 
A few minutes later, Skylar emerged from the restroom and made her way back to 
the private room. 
Right then, Charles and his friend exited another room to use the restroom. As they 
were about to enter the restroom, Charles suddenly halted in his tracks. 
“What’s the matter, Charles?” his friend asked. 
Charles blinked. “I must have been mistaken. It couldn’t have been Skye.” 
He thought the woman, who just entered one of the private rooms, bore a striking. resemblance to Skylar from behind. 
Charles almost called out to her earlier. However, he quickly realized that Skylar was unlikely to dine in such an expensive establishment. One could eat over ten meals at other places for the cost
of one here. 
“Who’s Skye?” his friend asked again, confused. 
Charles chuckled. “My sister. I thought the woman from earlier was my sister.” 
He then took out his phone and sent a message to Skylar. 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
###chapter283
Charles wrote, “What are you doing, Skye?” 
Seeing that he had sent Skylar a message on WhatsApp, his friend chuckled and 
asked, “You care deeply about your sister, huh?” 
“She’s my sister. If I don’t care about her, who will?” Charles replied matter–of–factly. 
His friend asked again, “Doesn’t your sister have a boyfriend?” 
He remembered seeing a photo of Skylar on Charles‘ phone and was immediately captivated. He had asked Charles to introduce her. However, Charles mentioned she 
had a boyfriend. 
Charles‘ expression turned cold at the mention of Skylar’s boyfriend. 
“That guy’s a jerk. They broke up,” he spat. 
His friend’s eyes lit up with excitement instantly. But before he could say a word, Charles immediately dashed his hope. 
“You and my sister aren’t compatible, either. You have too many ex–girlfriends, and my sister is too naive to see through you.” 
The friend realized he didn’t stand a chance with Skylar. Nevertheless, he quickly realized he wasn’t one to give up everything for one woman. 
Charles‘ friend responded, “Well, if it’s not meant to be, then it’s not. Anyway, what happened between you and Samuel? He’s the second male lead, while you’re just a supporting role, so don’t confront him head–on. 
“I heard he’s petty. Besides, he has targeted you before. If you don’t show him some respect, he might make things difficult for you in the industry. 
“Listen to me, okay? Show him some courtesy now. With your acting skills, you can go to greater heights. You’ll have the chance to crush him then. But for now, put up 
with it first.” 
Charles‘ expression remained frosty as he said, “I’ll deal with that when it comes. I 
won’t tolerate him now.” 
His friend was rendered speechless. 
“Alright, suit yourself. I heard his family’s company is facing some trouble lately. He used to rely on being a rich kid and having connections in the industry, but he’s in for a tough ride.” 
In truth, few people liked Samuel because he was too arrogant. 
After reading Charles‘ message, Skylar did not think much of it and replied, “I’m having dinner. 
As she sat down, she noticed that almost all the stew base and ingredients were already on the table. 
She lifted her head and saw Joe engrossed in his phone while waiting for her. 
“Why didn’t you start without me?” asked Skylar. 
“I was waiting for you.” 
Then, Joe set his phone aside and slowly added ingredients to the stew pot. 
Skylar stared at his slender fingers as he held the cutlery, momentarily captivated. She couldn’t help but recall when those hands roamed over her body that night. 
Skylar gulped before adding the ingredients she liked to the pot. 
Some people exuded a sense of sophistication even in the simple act of dining, and 
Joe was one of them. At that moment, he appeared elegant and dignified. 
However, no matter how captivating someone was, they did not matter in the 
presence of a food lover. 
Skylar’s attention quickly shifted to the food in front of her. 
The ingredients in this stew restaurant were incredibly fresh. On top of that, there 
were some items not available at other eateries. Skylar could feast to her heart’s 
content. 
The food was amazing. 
“I heard from a friend that this chain restaurant is popular, but the prices are outrageous. I always thought dining at such places was just for their ambiance. I can’t believe how delicious it is!” Skylar could not stop praising. 
Unfortunately, this wasn’t the kind of place she could frequent. It felt like every bite came with a hefty price tag. 
Skylar reckoned she could bring her family here sometime. 
A smile played on Joe’s lips as he said, “If you like it here, you can come often.” 
Skylar shook her head decisively. “It’s too expensive. Once in a while is fine.” 
“You’re Mrs. Martin. As long as it’s a restaurant under the Martin Group, you can dine for free. Come whenever you want.” 
Skylar’s expression faltered slightly upon hearing that. Her status as Mrs. Martin was uncertain, and she couldn’t foresee when she might lose it. 
She had thought about it carefully for the past few days. 
That night, Joe had lost control not because he liked her. Instead, it was because they were both under the influence of drugs. 
Perhaps one day, Joe would meet a woman he fell for at first sight. 
When that time came, Skylar would let him go. 
###chapter284
If Joe never had the chance to meet that special person, Skylar was fine with 
maintaining their marriage while they stayed as friends. After all, physical intimacy had nothing to do with love. 
“Okay, but be prepared. I’ve quite the appetite,” Skylar teased with a mischievous smile. 
She truly enjoyed this perk as his wife. 
Seeing Skylar’s smile, Joe’s usual icy expression gradually softened. He couldn’t help but grin as he answered, “Don’t worry. I’m great at earning money, so eat as much as you like. 
“Well then, darling, I want more beef chunks. Please order another serving!” Skylar playfully winked at Joe, her smile radiant. 
Under normal circumstances, she couldn’t bring herself to call him “darling“. However, since they were joking around, it felt okay to say it. 
Skylar even emphasized the word deliberately. 
Meanwhile, Joe’s gaze darkened slightly the second the word “darling” escaped her lips. A thought crossed his mind. If she were to call him “darling” instead of “Mr. Martin” in bed, then…. 
“Okay,” Joe answered softly as he tried to suppress the desire surging within him. 
Skylar thought the dinner had broken the ice between them. They were no longer as polite, and it felt more comfortable being around each other. 
Regardless, she still had a good sense of boundaries. 
Skylar was constantly aware of the invisible line between them and ensured she did. 
not cross it. 
When they left the restaurant, she smiled at Joe. “Thank you, Mr. Martin. Dinner tonight was fantastic!” 
Joe furrowed his brows at the words “Mr. Martin“.. 
“Why aren’t you calling me darling anymore?” he asked. 
Skylar blushed. She could not bring herself to say it now. “I was just joking earlier, she explained. 
“From now on, you can call me darling. I like it.” Joe looked intently at Skylar. 
Skylar was stunned. The way Joe gazed at her was confusing. It was as if he genuinely liked her. 
That was impossible. 
Suddenly, the word “darling” felt like a hot coal in her mouth. She avoided his enigmatic gaze and said, “I’ll go get the car.” 
But Joe followed her into the car. 
Skylar was surprised. “Aren’t you going to ride in your own car?” 
Whenever he got into her small car, he looked out of place. It was like trying to squeeze an elephant through a mouse hole. 
Joe replied, “I’ve told the driver to leave, so I’m riding with you.” 
Upon hearing that, Skylar didn’t say anything more.. 
Unbeknownst to her, Charles had just emerged from the restaurant and witnessed the pair getting into the car. 
He was stunned at the sight. “Who’s that man?” he exclaimed. 
Puzzled by the question, Charles‘ friend followed his gaze and asked, “What man?” 
Charles ignored him. Yet Samuel, following behind them, saw Joe and Skylar getting 
into the car, too. 
Even though he didn’t see the man’s face, he saw Skylar. 
“That’s your precious sister’s lover. It turns out she didn’t find a sugar daddy but a 
boy toy. He doesn’t even have a car and rides in hers,” Samuel sneered, not mincing 
his words. 
He had overestimated Skylar in the past. Being a mistress was not ideal, but surely it was better than getting involved with a boy toy. 
Judging from the man’s well–defined physique from behind, Samuel could tell he had been working out. 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>> 
###chapter285
That kind of physique wasn’t common among male celebrities, either. 
In the next second, Charles clenched his fist and swung it at Samuel, yelling, “While others have mouths to speak, it looks like you can only spout nonsense!” 
Samuel never expected Charles to resort to violence. Besides, the speed at which the punch came was evident that Charles had trained well. 
Samuel yelped in pain and staggered back as he was struck squarely. Meanwhile, the rest of the film crew present were left stunned in disbelief. 
“What’s happening? Charles, you-” 
The punch Charles delivered was not enough to calm his fury. After all, Skylar was the little sister he and Steven doted on since she was young. 
And now, she was being subjected to Samuel’s derogatory remarks. Charles was seething with anger after hearing that. 
“Charles Sullivan, are you out of your mind? You’re asking for trouble!” 
Samuel snapped back to reality and was about to strike back. However, the others hurriedly separated them. 
Charles‘ eyes were filled with rage. “Think before you speak next time! Otherwise, I’ll quit the entertainment industry and make sure you regret it!” 
His fierce determination, as if he were willing to risk it all, startled everyone. 
Having spent a considerable amount of time together on set, Charles was usually friendly and gentle toward everyone. He was also very professional and respected the crew. This was their first time seeing him lose his temper like that. 
Charles really threw his weight into the punch. Fortunately, Samuel managed to dodge it, avoiding a bruised and swollen face. The punch landed on his shoulder 
instead. 
“You can defend her now, but one day, you’ll be proven wrong! Do you really think she’s a decent woman?” Samuel questioned furiously. 
Now, the mere mention of Skylar made him sick. He thought she was shameless for getting involved with a boy toy. 
Skylar was merely driving a car that cost over ten thousand dollars. Did she think the boy toy would be interested in her for long? She was just being played for a fool. 
Charles was infuriated. “Do you think you’re a saint? Your terrible acting is sickening! Acting with you requires serious mental preparation. I even had to imagine you’re someone else! Before you start insulting others, take a good look in the mirror!” 
Since Samuel dared to disrespect Skylar, he could kiss his reputation goodbye. 
In the past, Charles refrained from condemning him to maintain mutual respect. They were in the same industry, after all. But now, he figured there was no need to respect Samuel. 
Samuel flew into a rage. It was as if someone had uncovered an embarrassing truth about him, intensifying his fury. “Charles Sullivan, I’ll kill you!” 
Then, they both charged at each other without hesitation. 
Growing up in the countryside, Charles possessed an untamed spirit. Two people tried to hold him back. Yet, he still managed to deliver several kicks to Samuel. 
Samuel bore the marks of the fight. He trembled with anger as he failed to gain the upper hand. 
The way he appeared now made his earlier threats seem like they were nothing but a joke. 
“Let’s see who’ll kill who! With your skinny build, I could take you down with just a few punches!” 
Charles‘ eyes flickered with a savage gleam as he spoke. It was much like a beast looking down on its prey. 
Samuel and the others were taken aback by the intensity of that gaze. 
His behavior and actions didn’t sit well with those around him. It was clear to 
everyone that Samuel had crossed Charles‘ limit. 
###chapter286
“Bullshit! What the hell are you spouting?” Samuel’s face was flushed with anger. He wasn’t about to be intimidated by Charles. 
Why would he be afraid of a brute from the countryside? 
“Enough! If you two keep this up and someone takes a video of it, the director will be furious. Just drop it!” The assistant director, Vincent Brown, stepped in to break up the fight. 
Charles shot Samuel a fierce glare, but he respected Vincent enough to back off. However, it didn’t mean he forgave Samuel. 
To Charles, Samuel was just a coward who was all bark and no bite. 
Feigning his composure, Samuel said, “I’ll let it go this time for Vincent’s sake, but 
there won’t be a next time.” 
“You’re right. If there’s a next time, I’ll beat you to a pulp.” Charles clenched his fists, ready for a fight. He had never backed down from a brawl. 
At Charles’s intimidating stance, uncertainty flickered in Samuel’s eyes. He cursed 
inwardly, thinking Charles was nothing but a brute. 
Still, he retorted, “Charles, even if you had a hundred chances, you wouldn’t dare!” 
“Alright, enough! It’s getting late now. Everyone, head back to the hotel and get some 
rest. We’ve got an early shoot tomorrow. Keep it together!” Vincent impatiently urged 
them to disperse. 
No one else dared to say anything at this point. Though deep down, Samuel harbored a growing hatred for Charles. 
Once he got into his Ferrari, Samuel called Peter. “I just saw Skylar. She was with 
some boy toy. We used to think too highly of her. Now, she’s just a self–degrading 
whore. There’s no way she’s behind the trouble at our company. You are overthinking it.” 
“Don’t speak of Skylar anymore. I don’t want to hear about her. Focus on your acting. 
By the way, if you have money in your account, send Kenny a few hundred thousand, 
Peter replied. 
Hearing Peter’s impatience, Samuel didn’t push further. He didn’t have much money: in his account. His high spending habits left him with little savings, but being a 
celebrity meant he earned a lot as well. 
Thus, he transferred 200 thousand dollars to Kenny and then called him. 
“Kenny, I’ve sent you some money. From now on, Maisy is our only sister. Don’t bring up Skylar’s relationship with us to anyone,” Samuel said. 
He continued, “It’s so embarrassing. I just saw her with a random man. How much can she make at Gardner Group? Instead of picking herself up after being dumped, she went for a boy toy. It’s disgusting.” 
“Don’t talk about Skylar like that,” Kenny replied. “She’s our sister, after all. And it’s better to clear up some things; last time, we misunderstood her. As for Maisy… Skylar indeed can’t compare to her.” 
His tone became a bit strange toward the end. But Samuel didn’t notice over the 
phone. 
Samuel had just been beaten by Charles. Now, he had a head full of resentment toward everyone related to the man. 
“Skylar has nothing on Maisy. Maisy would never casually sleep with other men,” 
Samuel said, full of confidence. 
He believed that Maisy’s future husband would be an exceptional man. If not Joe, then someone equally impressive. That was the difference between Skylar and 
Maisy. 
Samuel’s words caused Kenny’s grip to tighten on his phone. 
In fact, Maisy had invited him to a hotel for the night. 
While Skylar was driving, she received several messages on her phone. She asked 
Joe to take a look, worried that Janine might need something urgently. 
“Two people messaged you. Charles asked who you were having dinner with. And…” Joe trailed off as more messages came in, pressing his lips together. 
Skylar thought something might be wrong and pressed him, “Who’s the other one from?” 
“Your friend Natty sent a few pictures of muscular men, asking which one you prefer. She even picked out one or two for you.” Joe answered, a small smile playing on his lips as he waited for her reaction. 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
###chapter287
Skylar’s face turned beet red. She gripped the steering wheel tightly, cursing the 
timing of Natalie’s message. They used to chat about anything without filters, and now Joe had seen their messages. 
She didn’t need to look to know how visually striking those muscle–bound men were in the pictures Natalie sent. 
However, compared to Joe, who has a superior physique, none of them stood a chance. Her best friend had dug a pit for her to fall into! 
“She doesn’t know that I’m married. She still thinks I’m single and really wants me to find someone. Since she’s married, she doesn’t want me to be lonely,” Skylar explained, trying to sound natural. 
However, internally, she was a mess. Any woman would be flustered if her husband saw a conversation about men with a friend. It was mortifying. 
Joe’s lips curved slightly as he sensed Skylar’s forced calmness. “Do you want me to tell her to stop trying to find you a man?” 
At this moment, Joe felt a surge of possessiveness. Some things needed to be made. clear once and for all. 
Skylar’s composed facade was quickly crumbling, her smile barely holding. “That’s not necessary…” 
She sensed a particular intensity in Joe’s gaze, a signal all too clear to any adult. The air grew increasingly charged, and there was an electric tension between them. 
By the time they entered Galaxy Villa, the tension had reached a boiling point. 
As soon as the door closed behind them and Skylar slipped into her slippers, Joe’s kisses descended upon her–urgent and fervent. 
Skylar felt her breath being stolen away, and she was barely able to gasp for air. Joe pressed her against the wall, taking complete control. 
Her rational thoughts were quickly overrun by the intensity of the moment, and the 
entire villa was enveloped in the heat of passion. 
Joe lifted Skylar and carried her upstairs to the bedroom, laying her gently on the 
large bed. With hurried movements, he stripped off his clothes and joined her, his body pressing down on hers. 
Skylar’s understanding of Joe deepened. On the surface, he appeared cold and 
restrained, but in bed, he was anything but. 
The contrast was stark and intoxicating, revealing a side of him that was wildly 
passionate and uninhibited. 
Joe knew he wouldn’t easily fall in love, yet his desire for Skylar was overwhelming 
and uncontrollable. 
Whether it was due to his years of being single or his usual self–restraint, with Skylar, 
he found himself wanting more. 
Mischievously, he whispered in her ear, “Call me darling.” 
Skylar obliged. “Darling…” 
That single word struck a chord deep within Joe, momentarily startling him. 
When Skylar was finally exhausted, Joe held her contentedly in his arms. 
Feeling her warmth beside him, he closed his eyes. He thought that while he might not love her, their physical compatibility and mutual understanding made their 
relationship quite satisfactory. 
In his view, this was a decent foundation for a marriage. 
Maisy had been waiting for three hours at a five–star hotel, and still, there was no 
sign of Kenny. 
She was making a risky move. 
Her excuse to Kenny was that they could talk about personal matters in the hotel. They needed a quiet environment, she said, because they could easily be seen if they 
were at home. 
Nevertheless, Kenny hadn’t responded to her message, and now her heart was pounding, unsure of what was happening. 
This was the most important step, and she had to get Kenny to take it, or she wouldn’t feel at ease. 
Maisy picked up her phone and sent another WhatsApp message to Kenny. “Kenny, I know what you’re worried about. Don’t worry, we’re just going to talk. 
“I’m just afraid that our parents, Peter, and Samuel will notice my unspeakable feelings if I talk about them at home.” 
At the same time, Kenny sat in his car in front of the hotel. He had been there for two hours, hesitating and pondering in silence. 
He needed to figure out whether the bond between him and Maisy was that of siblings or romantic love. But after thinking for a long time, he still didn’t have an 
answer. 
His mind was in turmoil. 
The mere thought of Maisy crying and saying her feelings were unspeakable made 
his heart ache. 
Now, seeing her message, a surge of emotion rose in him. He couldn’t let Maisy face this alone. Therefore, he took his phone and, without hesitation, walked into the 
hotel. 
A few minutes later, Maisy was almost out of patience from waiting. 
Just then, Kenny arrived. 
With a few knocks on the door, she eagerly ran over and opened it. 
“Kenny!” 
Kenny helplessly hugged Maisy tightly as she threw herself into his arms. “You’ve been waiting a long time, haven’t you?” 
“Yeah, I’ve been waiting all this time. I was afraid you’d find me annoying. I’ve even prepared to leave home, so you don’t have to see me struggling every day,” Maisy 
said, her eyes red….ed. 
Kenny entered while holding Malsy and shut the door behind him. Then, he spoke gently and patiently. “Maisy, your feelings aren’t something to be hidden.” 
“Then, do you… do you like me as a sister or as a woman?” Malsy asked. 
Kenny’s expression faltered. 
“After you kissed me that day and apologized, you clearly said you have feelings for me. Why did you start ignoring me afterward? Kenny, your mixed signals really confuse me,” Maisy added aggrievedly. 
The other day, he had kissed her at first but then changed his mind. He claimed that 
he wasn’t thinking straight when he kissed her. 
Kenny sighed, thinking of the night at home when he kissed Maisy. 
At that time, he only wanted to stop her from being so sad, so he couldn’t help but 
kiss her. If his feeling wasn’t love, he would’ve simply hugged her, just like when they 
were kids. 
Back then, whenever she was in pain and had to go to the hospital often, he would 
hold her and comfort her. 
That was why…. 
Seeing Kenny hesitate, Maisy knew she couldn’t wait any longer. Immediately, she 
lifted her head and kissed him, placing his hand on her chest. She even took off her 
dress. 
“Take me,” she said. “If you take me, you’ll know how much I love you, and you’ll see 
how much you love me. Please, take me.” 
Kenny’s hand stiffened, his breath suddenly heavy. “Maisy, do you know what you’re doing?” 
“Yes 
I know exactly what I’m doing. I want you.” 
Maisy knew how to arouse a man, and she knew Kenny even better. 
Seeing the unfamiliar, determined look in her eyes, Kenny decided not to hold back 
anymore and pushed Maisy onto the bed. 
###chapter288
Early the next morning, Skylar felt sore all over as she got out of bed. Looking at the mess scattered around the room, she rubbed her forehead. 
“It’s only 5.30 am. Why not sleep a bit longer?” Joe asked from the bed. 
Skylar wrapped herself in a towel and headed to the closet to pick out her clothes. 
“I’m going to make breakfast. We had a lot of stew for dinner last night, and my stomach feels uncomfortable. You go ahead and sleep.” 
She blushed at the thought of the staff from Pearlhall Residence coming to clean up the mess, including the disheveled bed. She decided to clean up after preparing breakfast. 
When Skylar refused to look at him, Joe teased with a smile, “Why don’t you call me darling anymore? I quite liked it when you called me that last night.” 
He got out of bed and followed her to the closet. 
Skylar took a deep breath. “You forced me.” 
“And how exactly did I force you?” 
Skylar could tell Joe was in a great mood. She believed what she’d read online about 
how men feel after such intimate moments. 
It was true–men seemed to be in a good mood, both physically and emotionally. 
Even toward women they didn’t love, they’d become tender and gentle. 
She stopped at the door of the closet and turned to look at him. Seeing his bare chest and unusually warm demeanor, she couldn’t help but smile brightly. 
Rising on her tiptoes, Skylar quickly gave Joe a quick kiss. “You did very well last 
night, darling!” 
She raised her thumb in approval. 
Joe watched the playful Skylar, his gaze shifting from her fair, smooth thumb to her 
sparkling eyes. His heart seemed to stop for a moment. 
Suddenly, he grabbed her by the waist. His broad hand clasped her slender waist as he said hoarsely, “It’s still early.” 
Skylar noticed the desire simmering in Joe’s eyes. Recalling the wildness of last night, she started to feel anxious. “No, it’s not. I need to make breakfast.” 
Joe ignored her protest and kissed her. “Save your strength for me. Don’t waste it on unimportant things.” 
As he pulled her back onto the bed, Skylar made a final attempt to resist. “I want to Arink coffee…” 
Joe silenced her words with another kiss. 
In the clarity of the morning, Skylar couldn’t help–but think how Joe, who always seemed so restrained and self–disciplined, could be so unrestrained at this moment. 
Skylar managed to clock in just one minute before her work started. Thankfully, she wasn’t late. As she thought back on the morning’s wild events, her heart raced. 
It was all too crazy! 
She headed to her workspace. Before starting work, she glanced at her phone. This was the first chance she’d had to check it since the morning. She still hadn’t replied 
to Charles and Natalie. 
Charles had asked who she was having dinner with. Normally, if she said she was eating, Charles wouldn’t press further. 
So why was he suddenly so curious about who she was dining with? Could it be… 
“Did he see me having dinner with Joe?” 
Charles and his crew often, had gatherings at high–end restaurants or karaoke. It wouldn’t be surprising if they had run into her. 
Thinking it over, she replied, “I had stew with a friend. My phone died last night, and just remembered to reply now. Charles, when I get a chance, I’ll introduce you to him. 
###chapter289
Charles didn’t reply; he was likely busy filming and didn’t have the time to check his phone. 
Skylar’s two brothers had different temperaments. Steven could stay calm and handle situations steadily, while Charles sometimes acted impulsively. 
Considering she and Joe had a whirlwind marriage, Charles would surely have his doubts about Joe. If they clashed, a fight could break out. 
Although she’d never seen Joe fight, she had a feeling he’d be fierce, and Charles fought recklessly. It was hard to say who would come out on top. 
It was better not to tell Charles for the time being. 
After replying to Charles, Skylar checked Natalie’s messages on WhatsApp. Natalie had sent increasingly dramatic photos. 
When Skylar didn’t respond, Natalie spammed her chat that morning. 
“Skylar, are you hiding something from me? Have you been sleeping around with 
some hot guy?” 
“Too tired to reply to me?” 
“It’s so late, and you haven’t replied. There’s only one explanation–you’ve been up to no good! Tell me honestly! Don’t lie to your best friend!” 
“Are you okay?” 
“I just realized I don’t know your address. Are you sick? I’ve heard there’s a case of bad flu going around with high fevers. If you see this, reply right away so I can come 
take care of you!” 
“Skye!” 
“My friend!” 
It was clear from this string of messages that Natalie was getting worried. 
Feeling guilty, Skylar quickly sent Natalie a voice message. When there was no 
answer, she figured Natalie’s phone might be on allent. Hence, she decided to send a text to reassure her. 
Im fine, don’t worry. I went to bed early last night and rushed out this morning, sol didn’t have time to check my phone.” 
After sending the message, she put her phone aside and focused on her work, 
Frank’s painting was almost restored, and Skylar hoped to finish it by Friday. She needed to concentrate fully on the restoration over the next couple of days. 
But as she sat down, she felt the soreness in her waist and the weakness in her legs. It was manageable, but there was no denying that Joe was a beast in bed. 
Meanwhile, Natalie was busy in the kitchen. 
She had just received a call from Jeremy, who said his plane would land in an hour and that he had the day off, so he was coming straight home. 
After ten days of being alone at home, Natalie was eager to see Jeremy again. Obviously, he was giving her a surprise by his sudden return. 
ra 
He always brought her thoughtful gifts whenever he returned from a business trip. She looked forward to these moments. It felt like opening a mystery box each time. 
Filled with happiness, Natalie hummed a tune as she prepared a nutritious breakfast. Jeremy would likely arrive home around 9:00 am, and she knew he disliked airplane 
food. 
Accustomed to her cooking, he rarely enjoyed hotel breakfasts. So, she decided to 
make a lavish meal that could serve as both breakfast and lunch. 
After finishing most of the preparations, she finally picked up her phone. Seeing Skylar’s response, she quickly typed a reply. 
“My husband is back from his trip and will be home soon. I was just busy cooking. I’m so glad you’re okay. I was worried sick! I have to go now. I’m making soup and need 
to check on it.” 
Right after sending the message, Jeremy called. 
“Honey!” 
###chapter290
“Something urgent came up at the office, I need to head over there first. I’ll be home tonight,” Jeremy said. 
To Natalie, his voice sounded cold, sending chills through the phone and into her heart. The disappointment welled up inside her, and her eyes began to reddened. 
“Will you come home right after work tonight?” 
Normally, she could be as playful and carefree as she wanted with him. But recently, she felt a wall between them, as if he didn’t care about her as much anymore. 
“Yes. If nothing comes up, I’ll be home after work,” Jeremy’s voice softened as though the thought of coming home was something he looked forward to. 
Natalie felt tears of frustration and sadness streaming down her face. She didn’t know why she was being so emotional. 
Business trips were normal, and going to the office was normal, too. She couldn’t expect him to comfort her like he did at home when his colleagues were present. 
“Okay, I’ll wait for you,” she said softly. 
After ending the call, she felt lost and wandered back to the kitchen. Looking at the lavish breakfast she had eagerly prepared, she felt even more disheartened. 
She couldn’t shake the feeling that Jeremy didn’t love her as much anymore and that he seemed to be growing more distant. 
Thinking about Nancy, a sudden, unsettling thought crossed her mind. 
“Could Jeremy be getting tired of me?” 
They hadn’t been intimate in quite some time. For a couple married just over a year, going one or two months without any sex seemed unusual. 
While it was true that Jeremy had been traveling a lot for work recently, there had neo been plenty of nights when he was home. Thinking back, he always seemed 
austed and went to bed early. 
Natalie had been understanding, knowing how busy he was with work. But now that the thought had crossed her mind, she couldn’t dismiss it so easily. 
Yet, it seemed impossible. 
They had known each other since childhood and were so familiar with one another. 
Even when various celebrities had pursued him, he hadn’t given them a second. 
glance. He only ever had eyes for her. 
Natalie bit her lip and tried to reassure herself that Jeremy must simply be overworked. 
In the car, Victor Kirk discreetly glanced at the rearview mirror, catching sight of Jeremy and Annabelle locked in a passionate kiss. 
He sighed inwardly. 
Natalie had no idea what was going on. 
Victor had witnessed Jeremy and Natalie’s love story firsthand. He knew how much 
Jeremy adored Natalie and how Natalie’s heart was filled with love for him. 
Their relationship had always seemed enviable. But now, only a short while after 
their marriage, Jeremy was having an affair with Annabelle. 
What if Natalie found out? She would be devastated. 
Yet, as Jeremy’s driver, he had to keep quiet. His job depended on it, and he needed 
to support his family. The things that happened in the car had to stay there. 
Annabelle was the type of woman many men would find irresistible. She would likely make a name for herself if she entered the entertainment industry. 
Victor had worked by Jeremy’s side for years and had seen women even more beautiful than Annabelle try to pursue Jeremy. So why had Jeremy given in this time? 
“Come to my place. I want to cook lunch for you, Mr. Hughes. You haven’t tasted my cooking yet, right?” Annabelle’s breathing was a little uneven, her voice full of charming inquiry. 
Any man would melt at the sound of her voice. 
Jeremy frowned slightly, but under Annabelle’s expectant gaze, he still agreed. “Okay. 
Delighted, Annabelle leaned over to kiss his lips. “I’ve never cooked for a man before. You’re the first! But my cooking isn’t that good. I hope you don’t mind.” 
Annabelle’s reliance on him made Jeremy’s eyes darken. 
#Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
###chapter291
He always had a nagging feeling that he needed to love Annabelle because she was 
worth it. 
Their wild days spent together in different places, with hotels bearing the traces of their shared pleasures, all proved how much he liked her. 
However… 
Jeremy frowned. 
Annabelle gently placed her hand on his furrowed brow. “Why are you frowning 
again? Frowning every day will give you wrinkles.” 
“It’s nothing.” 
Annabelle felt a bit nervous and softly asked, “What if we have a child one day? What 
would we do then?” 
The mention of a child suddenly brought to Jeremy’s mind an image of Natalie telling 
him they should have a baby. Natalie’s hope for a child mirrored his own. 
Thinking of Natalie made Jeremy’s expression change abruptly. 
“What’s wrong?” Annabelle saw the sudden indifference in Jeremy’s demeanor, and 
her heart sank. 
Jeremy’s gaze turned sullen, and he spoke with an icy tone, “I’ve taken precautions. 
You won’t get pregnant.” 
Annabelle’s eyes flickered at his words. “Sometimes precautions fail. Mr. Hughes, what if–just if–an accident happens? Should I keep the baby?” 
<3 < 2 
7 
At this point, Jeremy’s face was like a frozen mask. He answered almost without hesitation, “Get rid of it. I don’t want a child right now.” 
Annabelle bit her lip. He truly was heartless. 
No matter how she tried, he remained utterly detached and unwilling to relent. Did he reallyly want a child with Natalie? 
To Annabelle, Natalie was inferior to her in every way. 
Victor overheard Jeremy’s words and wasn’t surprised. Although Jeremy and Annabelle were entangled, it was clear to him that Jeremy viewed Annabelle as 
nothing more than a plaything. 
Annabelle then replied obediently, “Alright, I understand. I know you want to enjoy 
time with just the two of us.” 
She was confident that with her methods, it was only a matter of time before Jeremy stopped caring about Natalie altogether. 
Skylar had been busy all day, so focused that she lost track of time. It wasn’t until she felt exhausted and headed to the restroom that she realized it was almost the 
end of her shift. 
After stretching and wrapping up her work, she prepared to leave. On her way out, she ran into Alexander and Caleb. 
Caleb seemed a bit flustered when he saw her. “Skylar.” 
“How’s your leg healing?” Skylar asked with a smile, glancing at Caleb’s leg. 
Caleb immediately took a few steps and spun around to show her. “It’s almost fully healed. I can manage a slow pace. Are you getting used to working here? If Grandpa is giving you too much work, you can quit.” 
Alexander turned and gave Caleb a light smack on the head. “What nonsense are you talking about? Do I look like someone who exploits my employees?” 
Caleb rubbed his head, pretending to be in pain. “Grandpa, are you trying to knock me senseless?” 
Watching Caleb and Alexander banter, Skylar chuckled. “I’m enjoying my work here. I love everything I do.” 
###chapter292
“That’s good to hear.” Caleb said, nodding repeatedly. It had been so long since he last saw Skylar that he felt unsure how to talk to her. Nevertheless, seeing her made. 
him happy. 
“Do you have time tonight? Maybe we could grab dinner together,” Caleb quickly suggested, revealing the real reason he had come. 
He wanted to have a proper conversation with her. Since their last chat about her marriage, they hadn’t seen or talked to each other. 
Alexander was taken aback. This man! Was he still hung up on her? 
Skylar, feeling tired, apologized, “I have some things to do tonight. How about wel 
plan for another day?” 
Having gotten little sleep last night and going another round with Joe in the morning, 
she was exhausted, especially after a very busy day. 
“Alright,” Caleb said, sounding somewhat disappointed and sad. 
He had just noticed her fatigue, realizing she looked worn out. He’d heard from Alexander that Skylar had been busy restoring Frank’s painting, working diligently every day. 
He felt a pang of guilt for not considering her situation earlier. 
As the three of them exited the building together while chatting, Skylar bid farewell to Alexander and Caleb. Just as she was heading to the parking lot, a figure suddenly appeared, blocking her path. 
*Skylar!” 
The smile vanished from Skylar’s face when she saw who it was. 
The memory of that night, the video she had seen, came rushing back. The images. 
of Christopher and Maisy in that video were enough to make her stomach turn. 
When Christopher saw the disgust and disdain in Skylar’s eyes, he was stunned. They had hr together for so many years, and this was the first time she looked at 
him this way. 
It felt like he had become nothing more than trash in her eyes. 
“Why are you looking at me like that? You never used to look at me this way. Have you forgotten how wonderful we once were?” Christopher’s tone was pitiful, as though he had been wronged. 
Every time they had argued in the past, he would plead for her forgiveness like this. And each time, she would feel soft–hearted and forgive him out of pity. 
“Skye, so much has happened recently. It has driven us further apart. We’ve fought, 
we’ve argued, and I was the one who blundered. I know I was wrong. Give me a chance to make amends, please. 
“I swear, I won’t make the same mistake again. If you forgive me, I’ll do whatever you 
ask, okay?” 
Christopher’s tears flowed like rain as he spoke. 
It was said that men didn’t cry easily, but Christopher’s tears were genuine. They were tears of remorse. Only after losing Skylar did he realize 
how: 
she was 
to him. 
Seeing this, both Alexander and Caleb walked over. 
Caleb said to Alexander, “That guy is Skylar’s ex–boyfriend who cheated on her. He’s 
a complete scumbag. Look at him having the nerve to cry in front of Skylar. He’s 
trying to play the victim!” 
He deliberately raised his voice. 
Hearing these words, Christopher, who had been crying and feeling self–pity, 
suddenly looked very embarrassed. 
At the same time, Alexander gave a subtle signal to the head of the security team 
behind him. 
###chapter293
“This is between Skye and me. Outsiders should stay out of it!” Christopher rebuked in a clipped tone, his face stern. 
Skylar remained indifferent. With Christopher repeatedly showing up, her emotions. had already become numb to his presence. 
“I forgive you,” Skylar said icily. 
Caleb became anxious. “Sky-” 
Alexander held him back. “Let her finish.” 
In his mind, Skylar wasn’t someone easily swayed by sweet talk. Perhaps if she didn’t know the true nature of her ex–boyfriend, she might have forgiven him. 
But knowing what kind of person he truly was, forgiveness seemed impossible. 
Besides, Skylar was already married to Joe. 
“You really forgive me?” Christopher’s eyes widened in delight. 
Skylar continued coldly, “The only way I can forgive you is if you–drop dead right now.” 
Caleb couldn’t help but laugh. Skylar was truly direct and uncompromising. 
Christopher stared at her in disbelief. “Skye… after all these years? It was just one 
mistake. And it’s a mistake all men make. Do you really hate me that much?” 
“Security, escort this man to the police station and make sure he never approaches 
our employees again,” Alexander instructed the approaching security guard. 
“Yes, Mr. Gardner Senior!” the head of security responded, moving toward 
Christopher. 
Skylar thanked Alexander, “Sorry you had to witness that.” 
She had underestimated Christopher’s shamelessness. 
A mistake all en make? 
His self–righteousness was appalling. Despite all her youthful affection and the 
Despite everything, he didn’t seem to be in dire straits financially. 
Skylar’s mind raced. After Amelia’s surgery, Christopher should have been strapped for cash. Yet, he didn’t appear worried about money at all. 
A troubling thought crossed her mind–the video she had once seen. Could Christopher have profited illegally from that video? 
The thought of Christopher and Maisy turning on each other, tearing each other apart in a vicious cycle of betrayal and revenge, flashed through Skylar’s mind. 
As she stared at the traffic light ahead, her gaze hardened, growing colder by the second. 
At Martin Group, Joe finished signing the last document and then called Paul into his 
office. 
“What’s the situation with the Williams family?” Joe asked. 
“They should be on the brink of bankruptcy by now. I haven’t been following closely, but I’ll check right away.“. 
Paul was somewhat surprised. Why was Joe bringing up the Williams family on his 
own initiative? 
In the past few days, Joe had visibly been in high spirits, which was very different 
from his usual unreadable demeanor. 
Perhaps it was all related to Skylar, Paul silently praised. 
“Don’t give the Williamses any breathing room,” Joe ordered solemnly. 
“Understood. I’ll take care of it right away,” Paul responded, feeling a chill run down his spine. 
Knowing Joe’s ruthless methods, if the Williams family didn’t even get a chance to 
breathe, it wouldn’t be long before their debts piled up high, and they might not even have a place to live. 
The Williamses were utterly blind! If only they had been good to Skylar, everything 
would have turned out good for them. 
After Paul left, Joe took out his phone and checked WhatsApp. 
Day>> 
###chapter294
Fortunately, Christopher’s infidelity had been exposed. If Skylar had stayed with him, the consequences would have been disastrous. 
“I really want to kick him!” Caleb fumed, anger boiling within him. 
Alexander glanced at Caleb, sighing inwardly. Caleb was still young, unaware of how truly malicious some people could be. 
Some people were inherently evil, seeing everyone around them as tools to be exploited and ready to drain any ounce of benefit they could find. 
Christopher was such a person, having preyed on Skylar’s kind nature, either from a sudden realization of her worth or sheer selfishness and ruthlessness. 
“It’s best to keep away from people like him,” Alexander said to Skylar with a meaningful look. 
After all, he had watched Joe grow up. Despite the challenges Joe had faced, he was trustworthy and dependable. It was a stark contrast to Christopher. 
Skylar’s eyes reddened slightly. She knew Alexander had seen right through Christopher’s character. 
Before her rebirth, even Steven and the others had expressed doubts about Christopher’s reliability. But she had been blinded by her emotions. 
Looking back now, it was clear that those around her had seen the truth all along. 
“Thank you. 
I know what kind of person he is now, and I’m married. People like him don’t bother me anymore,” Skylar replied with a smile. 
Alexander nodded in agreement, smiling back. 
Caleb, however, looked uneasy at Skylar’s mention of her marriage. While he was normally talkative, he suddenly didn’t know what to say. 
The three of them parted ways in the parking lot. As Skylar drove away, she spotted Christopher still struggling with the security guards, his familiar face contorted in angry humiliation. 
Despite everything, he didn’t seem to be in dire straits financially. 
Skylar’s mind raced. After Amelia’s surgery, Christopher should have been strapped for cash. Yet, he didn’t appear worried about money at all. 
A troubling thought crossed her mind–the video she had once seen. Could Christopher have profited illegally from that video? 
The thought of Christopher and Maisy turning on each other, tearing each other apart in a vicious cycle of betrayal and revenge, flashed through Skylar’s mind. 
As she stared at the traffic light ahead, her gaze hardened, growing colder by the 
second. 
At Martin Group, Joe finished signing the last document and then called Paul into his 
office. 
“What’s the situation with the Williams family?” Joe asked. 
“They should be on the brink of bankruptcy by now. I haven’t been following closely, 
but I’ll check right away.“. 
Paul was somewhat surprised. Why was Joe bringing up the Williams family on his 
own initiative? 
In the past few days, Joe had visibly been in high spirits, which was very different 
from his usual unreadable demeanor. 
Perhaps it was all related to Skylar, Paul silently praised. 
“Don’t give the Williamses any breathing room,” Joe ordered solemnly. 
“Understood. I’ll take care of it right away,” Paul responded, feeling a chill run down 
his spine. 
Knowing Joe’s ruthless methods, if the Williams family didn’t even get a chance to breathe, it wouldn’t be long before their debts piled up high, and they might not even have a place to live. 
The Williamses were utterly blind! If only they had been good to Skylar, everything 
would have turned out good for them. 
After Paul left, Joe took out his phone and checked WhatsApp. 
###chapter295
There were messages from others but none from Skylar. 
*She was so sweet in bed but became cold and heartless as soon as she got out of it. 
Joe pursed his lips and stood up, walking over to the window. The sight overlooked the bustling streets of Jipsburg City and the hustle and bustle of traffic below. 
Suddenly, he felt an inexplicable sense of irritation and took out a cigarette. 
Amidst the swirl of smoke, a message popped up on his phone. With the cigarette between his fingers, he clicked open WhatsApp:– 
It was from Skylar. 
“Grandma said dinner will be delivered to us tonight. Will you come back to eat?” 
Joe didn’t notice his lips curling up slightly. He simply replied, “Yes.” 
On Friday, Skylar completed the restoration of Frank’s painting. 
When Frank saw the restored antique painting in his hands, tears welled up in his eyes. “Skye’s restoration skills are amazing! She has completely restored it in such a 
short time.” 
Alexander, standing nearby, was equally astonished. He knew better than anyone how damaged the painting had been originally. Thus, he was even more impressed by Skylar’s skill. 
She truly lived up to being Viola’s apprentice. Alexander couldn’t help but wonder if one day Skylar might surpass even Viola. 
“In fact, her restoration skills are already better than mine,” Alexander thought with a bit of dismay. When he/saw the painting, he had little confidence it could be restored so well under his hands. 
“Skylar’s technique is indeed outstanding. It’s probably difficult to find another 
person like her in Jipsburg,” Alexander complimented. 
Frank nodded repeatedly. “Yes, you’re right. It’s really hard to find another one like 
her. Oh, right. Skye, I’ve investigated the matter we discussed last time. 
“It turns out someone intentionally got Nigel to buy that traditional dress, and it was 
indeed meant to harm Grace. We’ve handled the matter, and Grace is recovering well. 
Upon hearing that everything had been resolved, Skylar smiled. “That’s good to hear. 
Grace will recover soon.” 
However, she couldn’t shake a lingering sense of unease. Every time she thought 
about Frank’s family matters, she couldn’t help but think about Nigel. 
Had he really been deceived? 
After briefly entertaining these doubts, Skylar smiled to herself. Since Frank said 
everything had been investigated, it must have been the case. 
Once Frank confirmed that there were no issues with the painting, he transferred the 
remaining payment to the company’s account. 
According to their prior agreement, Alexander promptly sent Skylar her fee. 
Skylar saw her bank account balance increase again, which made her especially 
happy. 
It was the weekend the next day, and she was planning to head home. She decided 
to stop by after work to buy some clothes for Janine. 
Janine was quite beautiful. However, she had always taken care of Skylar and the 
rest that she rarely spent money on herself. She wore the same clothes for years and 
seldom used skincare products. 
Despite this, Janine’s skin was naturally fair. It was well–maintained, even with just simple baby cream. She had very few wrinkles on her face. 
Compared to Sadie, who took care of her skin every day, Janine’s skin was even 
better. 
After work, Skylar went to the mall across the street. She picked out two sets of 
33 
skincare and makeup products and bought clothes and shoes according to Janine’s 
measurements. 
Following that, she bought some additional items, filling the trunk of her car to the 
brim. 
The next day, as she was about to leave, Joe glanced at her. 
Noticing his stare, she smiled and asked him cheerfully, “Would you like to come with me to see my family? My mom’s cooking is really good, much better than mine.” 
Although she was asking, Skylar knew very well that Joe wouldn’t tag along with her. 
They weren’t at that stage yet. 
To put simply, it wasn’t the right time yet. 
However, when Skylar noticed Joe looking at her, she asked him out of politeness. 
Joe’s eyes flickered slightly, and he closed the book in his hand. “I have a video conference in an hour. Maybe next time,” he replied with an expected answer. 
Skylar nodded with a smile. “Okay, I’m leaving then.” 
“Wait.” 
Skylar stopped again, feeling a bit puzzled. 
Why did Joe seem reluctant to let her go? It was unusual. 
“Anything else?” she asked. 
Joe set the book down and walked over, his long legs covering the distance quickly. The height difference caused him to lower his head to look at her. 
The way he looked at her, it almost seemed like he was gazing at her affectionately. 
“You…” Joe’s gaze dropped to her collarbone. “Are you sure you want to visit your family with that?” 
Following his gaze, Skylar looked down and instantly blushed. “I didn’t notice.” 
Last night, Joe had been unable to restrain himself again and left hickeys on her skin. Anyone would be able to tell what they had been to. 
up 
If she were to say it was an allergy or a mosquito bite, no one would believe her. 
Skylar hurried upstairs to change into clothes that could cover the hickeys on her collarbone. When she returned downstairs, she confronted Joe, “Next time, can you 
try not to leave marks?” 
If she had gone to work with these hickeys visible, she wouldn’t know how to explain 
if her colleagues were to spot them. 
Joe smirked. “Can’t promise about what happens in bed. I’ll try my best.” 
He seemed unfazed, which made Skylar unsure of what else to say. 
In bed, he was like a beast, but once he got out of it, he was well–dressed and proper. There was no way to connect those two as the same person. 
At the thought of last night, Skylar didn’t dare to dwell any further and quickly ran out. 
Seeing Skylar flee in apparent embarrassment, Joe chuckled. 
Was she shy? 
She didn’t seem shy when she bit him on the shoulder last night. The little teeth marks on his shoulder were still visible even now. 
Janine was especially happy and excited because of the family gathering. 
Early in the morning, she went to the market to buy groceries to prepare for lunch. Each of her children had their preferences, so she was making a little of everything they liked. 
Now that the children were grown and had their own jobs and studies, Janine found herself not as busy as before. As she cooked, she couldn’t help but reflect on her life. 
At the thought of her late husband, Janine’s eyes reddened. She looked forward to meeting him again in the afterlife and proudly telling him how well she had raised their children. 
They had all grown up well, and Harvey, the youngest, was excelling in his studies and would surely get into the university of his choice. 
Seeing her children doing well made her feel content. 
Soon, the table was filled with dishes. Skylar arrived earlier than Steven and Charles. 
Harvey saw her carrying a bunch of things and was surprised. “Skye, why did you buy so many things?” 
“I still have more in the car. Come with me to get the rest,” Skylar replied after putting them down. 
Harvey looked at the skincare products and clothes on the table. “Are these for Mom? 
###chapter296
However, when Skylar noticed Joe looking at her, she asked him out of politeness. 
Joe’s eyes flickered slightly, and he closed the book in his hand. “I have a video conference in an hour. Maybe next time,” he replied with an expected answer. 
Skylar nodded with a smile. “Okay, I’m leaving then.” 
“Wait.” 
Skylar stopped again, feeling a bit puzzled. 
Why did Joe seem reluctant to let her go? It was unusual. 
“Anything else?” she asked. 
Joe set the book down and walked over, his long legs covering the distance quickly. The height difference caused him to lower his head to look at her. 
The way he looked at her, it almost seemed like he was gazing at her affectionately. 
“You…” Joe’s gaze dropped to her collarbone. “Are you sure you want to visit your family with that?” 
Following his gaze, Skylar looked down and instantly blushed. “I didn’t notice.” 
Last night, Joe had been unable to restrain himself again and left hickeys on her skin. Anyone would be able to tell what they had been to. 
up 
If she were to say it was an allergy or a mosquito bite, no one would believe her. 
Skylar hurried upstairs to change into clothes that could cover the hickeys on her collarbone. When she returned downstairs, she confronted Joe, “Next time, can you 
try not to leave marks?” 
If she had gone to work with these hickeys visible, she wouldn’t know how to explain 
if her colleagues were to spot them. 
Joe smirked. “Can’t promise about what happens in bed. I’ll try my best.” 
He seemed unfazed, which made Skylar unsure of what else to say. 
In bed, he was like a beast, but once he got out of it, he was well–dressed and proper. There was no way to connect those two as the same person. 
At the thought of last night, Skylar didn’t dare to dwell any further and quickly ran out. 
Seeing Skylar flee in apparent embarrassment, Joe chuckled. 
Was she shy? 
She didn’t seem shy when she bit him on the shoulder last night. The little teeth marks on his shoulder were still visible even now. 
Janine was especially happy and excited because of the family gathering. 
Early in the morning, she went to the market to buy groceries to prepare for lunch. Each of her children had their preferences, so she was making a little of everything they liked. 
Now that the children were grown and had their own jobs and studies, Janine found herself not as busy as before. As she cooked, she couldn’t help but reflect on her life. 
At the thought of her late husband, Janine’s eyes reddened. She looked forward to meeting him again in the afterlife and proudly telling him how well she had raised their children. 
They had all grown up well, and Harvey, the youngest, was excelling in his studies and would surely get into the university of his choice. 
Seeing her children doing well made her feel content. 
Soon, the table was filled with dishes. Skylar arrived earlier than Steven and Charles. 
Harvey saw her carrying a bunch of things and was surprised. “Skye, why did you buy so many things?” 
“I still have more in the car. Come with me to get the rest,” Skylar replied after putting them down. 
Harvey looked at the skincare products and clothes on the table. “Are these for Mom?
###chapter297
“Yep. With Mom’s natural beauty and these products, she will look even more beautiful,” Skylar said. 
“You’re right, Skye. Mom has worked hard for us all these years. Now that we’re 
grown up and can care for ourselves, she should live the life she wants and be happy, “Harvey replied. 
Once he started working and earned money in the future, he would also buy various skincare products, clothes, and bags for Janine. 
Whatever other mothers had, Janine would have too. 
Both Skylar and Harvey went downstairs to collect the rest of the stuff. 
“You’ve grown up!” 
She patted Harvey on the shoulder with a sense of pride, as if saying, “Look, my little 
brother is all grown up. Not only is he a top student, but he can also carry all these 
things up the stairs without breaking a sweat. How impressive.” 
“I’ll be heading to university soon, so of course, I’ve grown up. Skye, you can come to me if you ever need anything. If anyone bullies you, I can take down two people at 
once,” Harvey boasted, flexing his muscles. 
Although he had a heavy workload with his studies, he never neglected exercise. Both his brothers were in such good shape–he couldn’t disgrace his family. 
Skylar chuckled. “Well then, keep working out. I believe in you!” 
I’ll go help Mom,” she said, heading toward the kitchen. 
Seeing Janine bustling around in the kitchen, Skylar felt a pang of distress. “Mom, let ne finish the remaining dishes. Go to the living room and try on the clothes and 
hoes I bought for you.” 
Why are you buying things for me again? At my age, I don’t care much about ppearance. Whatever I wear looks the same. You should pamper yourself instead,” anine chided, knowing that Skylar was a dutiful child but also feeling particularly 
sorry for her. 
“It’s normal for a daughter to buy clothes for her mother. I’m sure you want to look good at your age too. Go try them on quickly. I’ll take care of the rest,” Skylar insisted. pushing Janine out of the kitchen. 
When she entered, only three simple dishes were left to be cooked. Persuaded by Skylar’s determination, Janine reluctantly removed her apron and went out. 
In the living room, Janine was astonished to see a large pile of clothes, shoes, and skincare products. “Did you buy all of this?” 
“Skye is right. Mom, you should treat yourself better sometimes. When I start earning money, I’ll also buy things for you. Go try them on quickly.” Harvey urged, fearing that Janine would be concerned about the spending 
Janine did feel concerned about the money spent. After all, Skylar didn’t earn money easily, and these things must have cost quite a bit. 
But seeing the hopeful expressions on her children’s faces, she had no choice but to 
agree and took the clothes to her bedroom 
In less than two minutes, Janine emerged 
Harvey was amazed when he saw Janine after she changed clothes. “Mom, people will no doubt think you’re my sister if they see us together,” he exclaimed 
“You cheeky boy, stop teasing me. I’m going to show your sister Janine giggled uncontrollably, having checked herself in the mirror before coming out. She felt like 
she had shaved ten years off of her age 
‘Skye, do you think I look good?” Janine asked, standing at the kitchen door. 
Skylar immediately looked over, and her eyes widened. “Mom, you look absolutely stunning and so elegant! We look like sisters!” 
She wasn’t exaggerating. It was true, Janine looked much younger. 
Despite having several children, she maintained her figure well, ate healthy, and her 
complexion was good. She didn’t look like a woman approaching 50 at all. 
Janine married Finn at the age of eighteen and became a young mother. Then Finn 
had had an accident, and his body had never been found. 
For all these years, Janine managed the whole household by herself. 
Just then, there was a knock at the door. Harvey thought it was Steven and Charles, 
so he opened the door. When he saw who it was, his smile froze instantly. 
###chapter298
“Maisy, why are you here?” Harvey asked, his face darkening. 
“I’m your sister. Why wouldn’t I be here? It’s the weekend, and I came to visit Mom,” 
Maisy replied, pretending to be calm. 
In fact, she was really annoyed with Harvey. Did he not understand family relations? 
She was his real sister, yet he was rude to her. How uncultured. 
Harvey’s expression grew colder as he snapped, “You’re not welcome here today. 
Next time, if you’re coming, call ahead. Don’t just show up.” 
With a bang, Harvey slammed the door shut. 
It was a day for their family to gather happily, and he didn’t want anyone to disturb 
them. Especially not Maisy. No matter what pretense Maisy put up, Harvey felt that 
she had ulterior motives and wasn’t up to any good. 
Maisy stared at the closed door, bitterness showing on her face. 
She had rushed over on the weekend, hoping for a chance to see Steven and 
improve their relationship. She had even smelled a delicious aroma inside the home. 
She spotted the table full of food and the living room, which seemed to be filled with 
various items. It could only mean that Steven was back. 
She hadn’t expected Harvey to dislike her so much. 
Damn it! Harvey was just so unlikeable. 
At this moment, Janine, who heard the noise, asked Harvey, “Who was it?” 
She had just gone to change clothes. She liked all the clothes Skylar had bought for 
her. 
“They got the wrong house,” Harvey replied. 
Janine didn’t think much of it. “What do you think about this dress? Skye has a good 
eye. Everything she picked out suits me very well.” 
After many years of not dressing up, Janine seemed to see her youthful self through the mirror, and her heart warmed uncontrollably. 
“You look very good in it,” Harvey praised, 
Meanwhile, Skylar had finished preparing two dishes and brought them out of the kitchen. 
Seeing Janine with a smile on her face, she smiled too. 
At this time, Steven and Charles had also arrived downstairs, each carrying bags in their hands and climbing the stairs while catching up on their personal lives. 
In terms of their careers, both of them had made progress, and they were also making more money than before. They even talked about buying a house together in this old neighborhood. 
Climbing the stairs once or twice was okay, but doing it every day was tough. Janine might not be able to handle it. Steven and Charles shared the same thought. 
A thought suddenly crossed Charles‘ mind. “Steven, I saw Skylar having dinner with some strange guy the other day. Do you think he could be her suitor?” 
Steven was momentarily stunned, then lowered his head, staring at the steps ahead. “Skye has grown up. We sh
###chapter299
Maisy hadn’t expected to run into Steven and Charles. She had just recollected her composure and was about to knock on the door again. 
Sensing their indifference toward her, she cursed inwardly. Nevertheless, she 
maintained a cheerful facade and said, “I came to see Mom and you two.” 
Steven was somewhat surprised by the drastic change in Maisy’s attitude. 
On the other hand, Charles snorted coldly. “No need to act all friendly. You’re not 
welcome today. Come back another day if you want.” 
It was their family time, and they didn’t want Maisy around. 
Maisy bit her lip, her eyes tearing up. “You’re my brothers, and I wanted to see you. I 
know I was wrong before, and I’ve realized my mistake. 
“I hope you can forgive me. Steven, I truly understand now. You guys are my true family,” she said earnestly, looking at them both. 
Steven felt an inexplicable discomfort at being called so intimately, and his frown 
deepened. “Today really isn’t the day for you to visit. Come back another time.” 
Maisy chewed her lip, a tear rolling down her cheek. “I get it, you don’t want me here. 
Fine, I’ll leave now.” 
As she turned to leave, the door behind her suddenly opened. 
Janine stood there, surprised. “Maisy?” 
She had heard Steven and Charles talking outside, prompting her to open the door. 
“Mom, I… I came to see you.” Maisy’s heart jumped. She had been planning to give 
Janine a call once Steven and Charles were inside. 
She wanted to lament a bit and maybe garner some sympathy. Perhaps she could benefit from this situation. 
Janine was happy to see Maisy, but Skylar was also around, and they had all agreed to gather together. After all, none of her children were particularly fond of Maisy. 
Janine was momentarily unsure of how to react to Maisy’s sudden appearance. 
“Mom, are Steven and Charles back?” Skylar’s voice came from inside. 
Skylar? 
Maisy sneered inwardly. No wonder they didn’t want her inside; Skylar was there too. Perfect! 
“Skylar’s here too?” she exclaimed with feigned surprise, looking at Janine eagerly. 
Janine could only nod. 
Skylar heard Maisy’s voice, and her smile faded. It had been a long time since she had heard Maisy call her so pleasantly. 
Skylar walked to the door, greeted Steven and Charles, then turned to face Maisy. It had been a few days since she’d seen her. 
Although Maisy looked a bit pale, her makeup was impeccable. She was still as 
stunning as ever. 
“Skylar, I’m so happy to see you at Mom’s!” Maisy said with surprise. 
Harvey, who was standing by the door, snorted at her act. “You’re so fake.” 
Maisy’s smile stiffened. “It’s up to you to believe me or not. I know there have been 
misunderstandings in the past, but I’m genuinely happy.” 
At this moment, the whole family was crowded around the door. 
Janine felt a little helpless and sighed to herself. “Come on in, all of you.” 
It wouldn’t be right to leave Maisy standing outside. 
Steven and Charles exchanged a glance and then looked at Skylar. 
Just when they thought they could have a nice family gathering, Maisy had to show 
1. up. 
###chapter300
A few minutes later, everyone was seated. 
Other than Janine, whose face remained mild, Steven, Charles, and Harvey all wore cold and stoic expressions. Skylar appeared calm and unruffled, showing no sign of discomfort. 
Only Maisy seemed genuinely aggrieved, her eyes red. Once everyone was settled, she stood up. 
“Sorry, Skylar,” Maisy bowed her head deeply. “I was wrong before. During my time with the Williamses, I was unkind to you. I thought you would take away everything that belonged to me. 
“I was so scared of losing, especially since I’ve always had an easy life. That’s why 
when Mom asked me to come back, I refused. This environment wasn’t what I was 
used to. 
“Skylar, it was all my fault. Please forgive me. Mom, Steven, Charles, and Harvey, can 
you all forgive me too? I promise I’ve changed.” 
Maisy took on a very humble posture, looking pitiful and making people feel sorry for 
her. Playing the innocent victim was an art in itself, and Maisy had mastered it well. 
She could be flexible when needed. 
Skylar tightened her grip on her glass of water. Maisy always had a knack for playing the victim. Her apologies were always a surefire hit. 
The living room was filled with the aroma of food, but an uneasy silence hung in the 
air. 
“Spit it out. What exactly do you want to do? Do you really think what you did to Skye can be forgiven with just a simple apology?” Charles asked. He had seen through 
Maisy’s act. 
He was an actor himself, and he could judge whether a person was acting. Maisy 
was just another two–faced person; he had seen plenty in the entertainment industry. 
272 
Such public apologies were often just a show, hiding their true intentions. Maisy’s performance seemed a bit forced. Did she really think she could fool them all? 
Steven had seen the video of Maisy and Christopher together, and she poured dirt on Skylar without hesitation when they were with the Williams family. 
Just like Charles, he believed Maisy’s visit to their home was not well–intentioned. 
Maisy couldn’t have imagined that her usual tactics, so effective with the Williamses, would fail in front of these people. 
Steven and Charles didn’t care whether she felt wronged or not. Even Harvey was wearing an impassive smirk, enjoying the spectacle. 
Janine, too, remained unmoved. 
Maisy knew Skylar would never forgive her, regardless of whether she apologized. 
“I… I don’t have any other intentions. I just feel sorry for Skylar. I was just too foolish before,” Maisy immediately defended herself. 
Skylar only glanced at her. 
“Skye might be even younger than you. Stop acting so innocent. In fact, you look a decade older than her,” Harvey mocked. 
“Harvey!” Maisy couldn’t hold back her anger at the sarcasm. “I’m your real sister!” 
“See, that’s her true color.” Harvey scoffed. 
Steven stood up. “Maisy, your sudden change in attitude and coming to our house is suspicious. Whatever you’re planning, it won’t work. If you’re truly repentant, this isn’t the right attitude. We don’t welcome you here right now. If you still have something to say, come back next time.” 

###chapter301
Chapte 301 
Maisy bit her lip and looked at Janine. “Mom, I… You’re the only one who would believe me now. I’ve changed. I’m not the same as before.” 
Janine’s heart softened, but she stayed firm. “Well, Maisy, you can’t just fix what had 
happened with a simple apology. 
“You apologized to Skye in front of everyone today just to force her to forgive you, didn’t you? After everything you did to her, how can you expect her to forgive you so 
easily? 
*Steven is right. There’s still a long road ahead of you. Whether you’ve truly changed 
or not will be proven over time. For now, you should just leave.” 
Hearing this, Maisy almost choked on her breath. She hadn’t expected her biological mother to side with others over her–especially given that they were a bunch of 
nobodies! 
Maisy went ballistic. “Fine! I was blind enough to think that we could actually 
reconcile. The fact that you guys blame everything on me is crazy. I shouldn’t have 
come today. 
“You will all regret this! And Skylar, your boyfriend is just a normal guy. You’re probably his sugar mommy, right? No surprise there! 
“What kind of wealthy guy could you possibly find? 1 
destined to marry into wealth, 
so don’t come begging me for help in the future!” 
Upon seeing Maisy’s true colors, Steven slapped her across the face. 
“Stop judging people by your own filthy standards. Maisy, even though you’re my sister by blood, you don’t deserve to be one. Get out!” 
If Maisy could slander Skylar right in front of them, who knew what she might have said about her to the Williams family? 
And if Joe was a boy toy, what did that make everyone else? 
Maisy was dumbfounded by the slap. She held her face and yelled, “You!” 
Chapte 301 
“I bet you came back with such a drastic change in your attitude just so you could manipulate everyone here like you did with the Williamses, right?” Skylar exposed Maisy’s intentions with a mocking smile. 
Maisy’s eyes flickered as she avoided Skylar’s gaze. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.” 
In Maisy’s eyes, the Sullivan beggars weren’t worth her time. 
“Steven, I’ll remember this slap. You’ll regret it! All of you…” Maisy retreated step by step toward the door and placed her hand on the doorknob. 
She looked at them with overbearing arrogance. “You belong here, right in the slums of Jipsburg! Struggle all you want, but you will always remain at the bottom. 
“I’m different from all of you! You think you guys can make me stay? Take a good 
look at what you guys have to offer! 
“You were right, Skylar! I wanted them to stay away from you to make sure you had no place here or with the Williams family. Your presence constantly reminded me that I was adopted. It’s all your fault!” 
Janine was dismayed. “Maisy, you-” 
“What about me? Do you think wearing a few fake designer brands makes you a socialite? You’re just a country bumpkin. 
“You don’t deserve to be my mom at all. If you really were my mom, you’d kick Skylar out right now.” Maisy arrogantly pointed at Skylar while threatening Janine. 
“Stop your fucking nonesense! Get the hell out! You’re just like the Williamses, full of crap!” Charles stood up and walked toward Maisy. 
Skylar intervened. “Charles.” 
Charles stopped and looked back at Skylar, who shook her head. He then quickly 
calmed down. 
Seeing how obedient Charles was to Skylar infuriated Maisy. 
“Skylar, I swear you won’t have the last laugh!” she declared. 
“That goes for you,” Skylar replied nonchalantly. 
Skylar couldn’t even be bothered to argue with Maisy now. She already had plenty of 
incriminating evidence against Maisy. 
###chapter302
In Skylar’s eyes, Maisy was just flailing around like a headless chicken. 
“You’ll all regret this!” Maisy seethed through clenched teeth.. 
She vowed to reclaim her dignity after this humiliation. She believed that the Williams family would weather this crisis, and then she would ensure Jeffrey and Sadie taught the Sullivans a lesson. 
Anyone who crossed her in Jispurburg would come begging for her mercy. 
“Geez. I must have been mistaken about you. I really thought you were genuinely remorseful before,” Janine said. She was disappointed and hurt. 
Maisy lifted her chin arrogantly. “Why should I be remorseful? I’ve done nothing wrong. If anything, you should be the ones feeling guilty. 
“I’m your real family, yet all you see is Skylar. How dare you expect me to treat you as my family? If you really cared about me, you’d kick her out!” 
“Why don’t you leave the Williamses then? You’re shamelessly clinging to them as though you’re their daughter. You want the best of both worlds, but do you even deserve it?” Harvey retorted, disgusted by her audacity. 
“I’m not like Skylar. I grew up with the Williamses; I’m a part of their family. Skylar will 
never snatch everything away from me. Dream on! 
“There’s nothing left for me to say. If you treasure Skylar so much, keep treasuring her in this slum. I’m not like you guys!” Maisy snapped. 
Skylar glanced at Maisy’s haughty expression and pulled out her phone to look for a 
particular video. 
“Harvey, go to your room,” Skylar said. 
Harvey was hesitant to leave. 
“The next part isn’t something a student should hear,” Skylar explained. 
Harvey returned to his room out of trust and respect for Skylar. Skylar proceeded to 
Chante: 302 
play the video. 
A series of scandalous moans filled the room–it was Maisy’s voice. 
Maisy looked bewildered after hearing the voices. “You… Skylar, why do you have this video?” She rushed forward to snatch the phone from Skylar but failed because 
of the latter’s quick reflexes. 
Janine and Steven were equally stunned by what unfolded on the screen. Despite 
her flaws, they had never imagined Maisy could sink so much. 
To them, Maisy had always presented herself as a reserved and respectable young 
socialite. 
“What would you say if I sent this video to Jeffrey and Sadie? How will they see you?” Skylar asked. 
She then turned off her phone before Maisy could catch a glimpse. 
Maisy’s face turned ashen. “That’s not me. The person in the video isn’t me. Did your hire someone to edit it? Skylar, you’ve really gone to extremes just to ruin me!” 
“If I were you, I’d own up to my mistakes and leave quietly. The only reason I haven’t shared this video online is out of respect for Mom. 
“Otherwise, after everything you’ve put me through, I wouldn’t hesitate to expose you, : Skylar said calmly. Despite her composure, her words carried a heavy weight. 
“You!” Maisy panicked. “You can’t post the video. That’s illegal!” 
“You organized those sex parties without any concern for the law. Why should I be afraid?” Skylar chuckled at Maisy’s desperation. 
Tears welled up in Janine’s eyes. She finally understood the magnitude of what Skylar must have endured. 
Steven’s expression darkened with anger, and he slapped Maisy again. “Get lost!” 
Maisy clutched her cheek in pain.
###chapter303
But this time, Maisy couldn’t even muster her usual tough talk. 
Her eyes bore into Skylar’s with a mix of complexity and anger. “Tell me, who sent you that video? Aren’t you supposed to be ignoring Christopher after the breakup? Was he the one who sent it to you?” 
Damn it, Christopher! He should have deleted the video after taking her money. Why had he handed it over to Skylar? 
Skylar just smiled and stayed silent. 
Maisy felt herself nearing a breakdown. “Skylar, say something!” 
“Your actions will always catch up with you sooner or later. You should have known what you’ve done.” Charles couldn’t hold back any longer. He stood up and pushed Maisy away. 
Maisy glared at Skylar intensely. If Skylar refused to speak, it definitely had 
something to do with Christopher! 
Charles shoved Maisy out and slammed the door shut. 
The atmosphere at the family dinner had become tense because of Maisy’s appearance, and conversation had dwindled during the meal. 
Seeing a different side of Maisy made it clear they’d underestimated the pain Skylar 
had endured. 
It was especially so for Janine, who’d believed that Maisy had changed and learned 
her lesson. But it turned out.. 
“Steven, didn’t you mention you had something important to share today?” Skylar 
broke the silence and looked at Steven. 
Steven’s eyes were filled with guilt as he glanced at Skylar. He tried to sound casual. Yeah. There was important–news. So, I’ll be bringing my girlfriend home next time. 
“Congratulations!” Skylar was pleasantly surprised. Among her elder brothers, she’d 
been worried about Steven the most. 
Steven had put his personal life on hold after university to support the family. 
“Girlfriend? Steven, you’ve kept this secret well. When did you find time to get a girlfriend?” Charles was shocked. 
Charles had always assumed that Steven was solely focused on his scientific research, with no room for relationships. Little did he know that Steven had quietly found himself a girlfriend! 
On the other hand, Charles still hadn’t found a girlfriend despite being surrounded by 
women every day. 
The atmosphere lightened, and Janine also settled down. She asked, “What does she do for a living?” 
Steven blushed slightly. “She’s a TV host. We met by chance at work.” 
A TV host? Skylar was slightly taken aback. 
“A TV host? That’s a great job. Treat her well, you hear me?” Janine advised with a 
smile. 
Steven nodded: “I will.” 
Charles nudged Steven’s arm. “Well done, Steven! A TV host is a respectable job, and it’s not that complex.” 
With Steven now having a girlfriend, the atmosphere became lively again, with Maisy’s earlier incident pushed out of their minds. 
Skylar then took the opportunity to mention that she’d bought a house with a loan. The family was shocked by this news. 
“I work in antique restoration, which pays well. On top of that, I run an Amazon store, which brings in a steady income daily. This house will be our family’s first, and we can move in once it’s renovated!” 
“That’s great!” Harvey exclaimed joyfully 
d rose to his feet. 
Just then, a message from Joe popped up on Skylar’s phone. 
###chapter304
In the midst of a relaxed and cheerful family gathering, Skylar opened WhatsApp and 
came across a message from Joe. 
“I’ll be heading to Korel City because of something urgent. Will be back in a few days.” 
“Korel City? It’s quite a distance from Jispurg. That’s at least a five–hour flight.” Skylar 
thought. 
“Okay, safe travels,” she replied. 
Joe was already at the airport when he received Skylar’s message. 
He glanced at Skylar’s brief response with a cold, brooding gaze. Did she not care even if he was leaving for a few days? 
Maisy was livid, and she couldn’t believe she’d been kicked out of the house. Furious, 
she immediately dialed Christopher’s number. 
“Christopher, you’ve already taken my money. Why haven’t you deleted the video? 
You’re shameless! Give me back my money!” 
Christopher had spent the night in a haze and had just managed to doze off at dawn. 
Maisy’s call jolted him awake, and he scowled as he answered, “What nonsense are 
you talking about? I deleted that video ages ago.” 
“If you’d deleted it, then how did Skylar get her hands on it? Did you send it to her just 
to win her over? Wasn’t threatening me once enough? Now you’re even helping 
Skylar?” 
Maisy was beside herself with rage. She stomped her foot in frustration, nearly breaking her high heels.. 
She was seething. The thought of Skylar possessing evidence of her darker side left. her feeling utterly powerless. 
What if the Wil 
found out? What would she do, then? 
Christopher finally grasped her agitation. “Sent it to Skylar? I’ve never given anything to Skylar, especially not that video of yours.” 
Christopher was certain he still had the video. While he had sold it to a few international websites, there was no way Skylar could have seen it. 
“if it wasn’t you, then how did Skylar get the video?” Maisy was ready to throttle. 
Christopher. 
Christopher was fed up with Maisy’s relentless accusations. “How would I know how she got it? Instead of pointing fingers at me, why don’t you ask yourself? 
“Maybe your phone was tampered with, and the contents leaked. Anyway, I didn’t give her the video. You’ve given me the money, and I’ve spent it. Don’t even think about getting the money back!” 
Christopher was aware of Maisy’s slutty behaviors and speculated she might have been involved with some shady guys. 
A few people must have watched it together, and somehow, the video had ended up in Skylar’s hands. There was a chance many people would have seen it now. 
Maisy was so furious, she felt like chucking her phone away. 
“Christopher, you scumbag! This is all your fault! It has to be you. Do you really think I’ll believe your lies? You’re the only one who owns that kind of video!” Maisy shouted. 
Christopher rolled his eyes. “That’s not necessarily true. The hotels have hidden cameras nowadays. Your video might have been leaked from there. How could you pin everything on me? 
“And how would someone get a chance to film you if you hadn’t acted like a hoe? After all, you didn’t even spare your own brother. 
“Tsk tsk. You’re building quite the collection of men around you. Aren’t you even worried about catching diseases?” 
Christopher’s words over the phone pierce through Maisy like knives. 
Maisy’s face was drained of color. Just moments ago, Christopher had been trying to win her favor, and now he was humiliating her! 
“Even if I catch anything, you won’t be safe either. Christopher, don’t you ever forget how you used to beg at my feet like a dog. I was the one who dumped you. 
“And now you’re acting so pathetic and stooping so low to go against me. Are you even a man? Of all the men I’ve known, you’re the least like one! 
“You better pray I don’t find proof that you gave the video to Skylar. Otherwise, I 
won’t let you off!” 
Maisy slammed the phone down after venting. The thought of the one million dollars she had given away made her feel sick to her stomach. 
###chapter305
At that moment, Maisy’s phone rang again. 
“Maisy, where are you?” Kenny’s voice was urgent. 
Maisy pushed aside her troubled feelings and replied softly, “Kenny, I’m out shopping. Is something wrong?” 
“Mom wasn’t feeling well today and went to the hospital. She got into a car accident 
right after leaving! Come quickly,” Kenny exclaimed hurriedly. 
Maisy’s face went pale. “A car accident? I… I’m on my way right now!” 
After the Sullivan family gathering wrapped up, Skylar returned to Galaxy Villa. 
The sprawling villa felt strangely empty with no one else around. Skylar wondered 
how long it would be until Joe got back. 
She grabbed a yogurt from the fridge and finished it just as another message from 
Joe came. 
“Would you want to visit Korel City?” Joe asked. 
It suddenly dawned on Skylar that Korel City was a tourist hotspot she had] never 
visited. She had never traveled before, let alone to Korel City, which was just a few 
hours away by plane from Jipsburg. 
Many of her friends had shared breathtaking photos of its scenic beauty on social media, and Skylar couldn’t help but be captivated each time she saw those pictures. 
The allure of those landscapes was intoxicating, like a cleansing balm for her soul. 
Skylar was truly tempted by Joe’s invitation. 
Also, Alexander had mentioned that she could take a well–deserved break once. 
Skylar finished Frank’s painting. 
“Will my visit disturb your work?” Skylar asked. 
77 
Joe promptly replied, “No, this trip to Korel City Isn’t work–related. It’s personal. I’ll have Paul book your ticket. Today’s flights are full, but I’ll arrange one for tomorrow morning.” 
“Great, thank you.” 
With her travel plans settled, Skylar informed Alexander before heading upstairs to pack her luggage. After checking Korel City’s weather, she decided to pack a few dresses. 
While humming a tune, Skylar folded her clothes. She even made sure she included a mosquito repellent. 
As she packed, her phone kept ringing. She had accidentally silenced it earlier and 
now noticed over a dozen missed calls from unknown numbers. 
Worried it might be colleagues from work, Skylar immediately returned the calls. 
“What were you doing? Why didn’t you pick up my calls? Come to the hospital now! Your mom got into a car accident just now. 
“She’s in critical condition, and she’s still undergoing surgery. Regardless of what happened before, you’re still our biological daughter. You need to come right away!” Jeffrey’s voice was urgent and frustrated. 
A car accident? 
Skylar’s mind raced. Memories of her previous life’s accident flashed before her–the truck approaching, Sadie in danger, and her instinct to protect Sadie. 
In that instant, she had pushed Sadie out of the truck’s path, resulting in her own. 
paralysis. 
The days of helplessness and mistreatment in the hospital played in Skylar’s mind like scenes from a tragic movie. 
###chapter306
Skylar was suddenly struck with realization. 
It hit her that it was around the same time in her previous life when she had her accident. But this time, Sadie was the one in the crash due to her absence. 
Despite many things changing since Skylar had been reborn, the accident seemed like a destined event. It was unavoidable. 
On the other end of the phone, Jeffrey’s urgency grew as Skylar remained silent. 
He continued, “No matter how upset you are right now or how much you might hate us, you have to come here right now! 
“Your mom is in the operating room as we speak! Are you listening? You have to come immediately!” 
The phone was abruptly taken away from Jeffrey. 
Then, Kenny’s voice came through. “Skylar, we’re not making this up. The situation is critical. Mom has been in surgery for an hour now. 
“We don’t have all the details, but when she was brought in after the accident, she was covered in blood and in bad shape. So, no matter how you feel about us, you need to come to the hospital now.” 
Skylar had just snapped out of her thoughts. Her expression turned cool as she replied tersely, “Alright.” 
At the hospital, the emergency light outside the operating room remained lit. The Williamses waited anxiously with their eyes glued to the closed door. 
Jeffrey’s face was drained of color. He was worn down by the stress about Williams Group, and now this unexpected accident had occurred.. 
Jeffrey was dumbfounded. How could this have happened out of nowhere? And judging by the doctors‘ expressions, Sadie’s injuries seemed severe. 
Don’t worry, Dad. Mom will be okay,” Maisy sald. Although visibly shaken, she still tried to comfort Jeffrey, putting on her facade as a considerate daughter. 
“A car accident… it shouldn’t be too serious, or it could affect us all.” Maisy felt uneasy as she pondered. 
Jeffrey eased slightly; in moments like these, it was clear who the more dependable 
daughter was–Masy. 
Kenny, who stood beside Maisy, softened at her display of empathy. 
“Did they catch the driver?” Samuel asked. He was enraged and looked like he wanted to take matters into his own hands and punish the driver himself. 
“He’s been charged. Don’t worry. He won’t get away from it.” Peter nodded, looking 
tired and worn out. 
Samuel turned to Kenny. “Did Skylar really agree to come? It’s been nearly half an hour now. Why isn’t she here yet? 
“Where does she live? Why would it take this long? There shouldn’t be much traffic at 
this hour.” 
“Let’s give her a little more time,” Kenny said with a hint of resignation in his voice. 
Samuel complained, “Does Skylar really think we want her here? She’s lucky that she has our family’s blood in her veins. 
“Otherwise, who does she think she is? It’s our misfortune to have a sister like her!” 
Just then, Skylar arrived. 
She leaned against the corner with a cold smile while listening to the Williamses‘ complaints about her. 
“Alright, enough complaining. Your mom is still in the operating room, and we don’t know how she’s doing. What’s the point of arguing here?” Jeffrey scolded angrily. 
Jeffrey was clearly frustrated by Samuel’s words, and Skylar always irked him whenever he thought about her. 
Samuel could only fall silent. 
Chapte 306 
Maisy glanced around and sat down beside Samuel. She whispered, “I’m sure Skylar 
will be here soon.” 
###chapter307
“Whether she comes or not doesn’t matter,” Samuel said, rolling his eyes. 
Maisy sighed and moved closer to Kenny. “Kenny, don’t worry about Mom.” 
“Yeah, she’ll be fine,” Kenny replied with a softened gaze as he looked at Maisy. 
Skylar approached the Williamses, and their expressions changed the moment they 
saw her. 
Since she’d left home, Skylar had seemed more confident, but that confidence came with a cold indifference toward them. The warmth she’d once shown was now 
replaced by a chilling distance. 
Skylar glanced at the Williamses and then at the operating room. She was here to see how badly Sadie was hurt. 
In her past life, Skylar had been paralyzed from the waist down because of the accident. Without her protection, she wondered what Sadie’s fate would be now. 
She had to witness it with her own eyes. 
“You finally made it.” Samuel sneered. 
Just wait here. Sadie is still in surgery,” Jeffrey said coldly. 
Skylar nodded and found a seat. 
Unlike the rest of the Williams family, Skylar looked calm and composed. Her expression gave nothing away. 
Maisy felt guilty and didn’t dare to stir up trouble at this moment after knowing that the video of her was in Skylar’s hands. 
Peter sat down next to Skylar. He had lost much of his usual arrogance. “I’ve heard you’re quite skilled at restoring antiques. And you can even distinguish their authenticity. Is that true?” 
Initially, Peter hadn’t believed the news as Skylar had never mentioned such talents, 
Since Skylar had returned to the William family, they had always been indifferent and 
ignored her interests. 
But now Peter recalled instances when Skylar had offered advice about antiques that they had dismissed as nonsense. 
Thinking about the many items they had bought things despite her suggestions, Kenny felt anxious. Could they all have been fakes? 
Jeffrey narrowed his eyes as he looked at Skylar. “Is what Peter said true?” 
Maisy bit her lip nervously. 
“Why does it matter to you? Where was this curiosity before?” Skylar replied with a 
hint of a smile. 
Of all th 
all the Williams family, Skylar disliked Samuel and Peter the most. Peter’s scheming nature often made him worse than Samuel. 
After all, Samuel’s malice was blatant and on the surface. However, Peter was cunning, calculative, and always driven by self–interest.. 
“Of course it matters! I’m your brother!” Peter snapped, his tone stern. 
Skylar chuckled. “My brother? A brother who tried to sell me out to some men?” 
In Skylar’s previous life, Peter hadn’t even spared her a glance when she’d been paralyzed and bedridden. When he’d passed by, he’d complained about the smell, which he’d found disgusting. 
Because of her paralysis, Skylar had been unable to care for herself. She’d even developed bedsores and lost control of her bodily functions. 
The Williams family and even the helpers had ignored Skylar, leaving her filthy. So how could she have possibly not smelled? 
Even Sadie, who was spared from the car accident, saw her as a burden. It was no surprise that everyone else did, too. 
Peter frowned as his gaze turned grim. 
“It’s your duty and honor to contribute to our family. After all, you’ve never done anything helpful for us. I’ve never regretted my actions, and you shouldn’t hold a grudge.” 
Chapte, 307 
“Don’t make it sound like you guys made huge sacrifices for me. Legally, I’m not. related to you guys, and blood ties mean little to me. You should mind your own business,” Skylar said with a cold
smile. 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>> 
Go 
Chapte 308 
###chapter308
Peter’s face turned cold. “Do you even know what you’re saying?” His voice dripped 
with menace. 
Samuel gritted his teeth and glared at Skylar. “Are you saying that blood ties don’t matter? How do you think you got here, then? Skylar, don’t push us!” 
Skylar stood up after slinging her bag over her shoulder. 
“If there’s anything you need, text me instead of calling,” she said and left. Their words were making her sick. 
Skylar had barely taken a few steps when Jeffrey’s voice stopped her. “Hold on!” 
She turned to face him. 
“Sit down and wait. Your mother is still in surgery. What do you think you’re doing?” Jeffrey’s tone was harsh. 
Skylar smirked and glanced at her watch. 
“This surgery is going to take a while. If you want me to stick around and listen to your self– righteous nonsense, you’d better show some sincerity. At least a few million dollars might make it worthwhile. Otherwise, shush.” 
Skylar couldn’t help but wonder what had deluded the Williamses into thinking they were the center of the universe and everyone had to revolve around them. They had perfected being shameless. 
“Skylar, we’re a family. Why do you always bring up money?” Maisy couldn’t hold back anymore and hinted that Skylar was too greedy. 
“Peter and Samuel were indeed too impulsive just now. With Mom in an accident, they’re on edge. Don’t hold it against them, Skylar.” Kenny quickly stepped in to ease 
the tension. 
Peter pressed his lips tightly, as if suppressing some emotion. Meanwhile, Samuel could only shut up under Jeffrey’s glare. 
Samuel hated how Skylar didn’t seem to respect them at all. How could she be like 
that? Just look at how deferential Maisy was to them! The comparison was stark. 
Jeffrey softened his tone slightly. “Let’s discuss anything only after Sadie is out of 
surgery.” 
Skylar raised an eyebrow and sat down a few seats away from them. Finally, with some peace and quiet, she pulled out her phone and started replying to Joe’s 
messages. 
Paul had already booked her flight and would pick her up at the airport tomorrow. 
Joe seemed to have free time now, so they chatted for a bit. 
Samuel felt the urge to lash out again as he saw Skylar engrossed in her phone. But he remembered her earlier threat to leave and bit his tongue. 
Maisy, on the other hand, felt a growing dread. She was worried that Skylar might show the Williamses the video. That video was practically a ticking time bomb. 
Maisy regretted her impulsiveness. She shouldn’t have met that man at the bar and ended up in such a compromising situation. 
Now, with Skylar holding the evidence over her, Maisy’s heart was in her throat. 
Unable to stand the unease any longer, Maisy approached Skylar. “Can we talk?” 
Having just finished her conversation with Joe and moved on to handling her Amazon orders, Skylar looked up at Maisy. 
“Talk?” 
Maisy bit her lip, trying to appear calm.
###chapter309
Maisy’s heart raced. She knew she had to keep the Williamses from sensing that anything was off. 
“Yes, I want to talk to you,” Maisy said, lowering herself. “Can we go somewhere 
more private?” 
Skylar raised an eyebrow. “Alright.” 
The two walked further away, leaving the others curious about their conversation. 
“Do you think Maisy is humbling herself to beg Skylar to stop causing trouble?” Samuel speculated, frowning. 
Kenny watched them intently. Maisy was typically gentle and understanding, quite the contrast to the assertive Skylar. He worried Maisy might get hurt and was ready to intervene if necessary. 
Meanwhile, Peter approached Jeffrey with a gloomy look. “Dad, we need to prepare ourselves. Mom’s condition seems quite serious–both her legs might be broken. 
Jeffrey’s face turned ashen. “Trust the doctors. They’ll fix her legs. Sadie will be fine. 
Our family can’t afford any more trouble right now.” 
“Yeah, let’s hope so.” Peter agreed, but he couldn’t shake the ominous feeling that things might worsen for their family. He had a gut feeling that Sadie’s condition 
would be dreadful. 
Peter glanced over at Skylar’s figure, recalling how carefree she seemed and how 
she’d been calmly looking at her phone. 
JIN 
An idea struck him–could Skylar be the key to resolving their problems? 
Maybe… they needed Skylar to get through all these obstacles. 
Meanwhile, Maisy spoke desperately, “How did you get‘ that video? I hope you can delete it. I’ll agree to any condition you set.” 
“It doesn’t matter how I got it. What matters is what you’re willing to offer for me to delete it,” Skylar replied coldly. She suddenly felt like playing a small game of cat and 
mouse with Maisy. 
Maisy frowned deeply. “What do you want? Is it my sports car? Dad gave it to me for my birthday, but you can have it if you delete the video and make sure no one else sees it.” 
“I don’t want your car,” Skylar said 
smissively. 
A second–hand car driven by Maisy? Skylar couldn’t have cared less. Even Joe’s collection of limited–edition cars had failed to impress her. To her, a car was just a 
means to get from one place to another. 
“So what do you want, then? Skylar, keeping that video won’t do anything except 
make the family hate me,” Maisy said with her voice edged with desperation. 
Why was Skylar being so difficult to deal with? 
“What I want is simple. I want you to die,” Skylar said, emphasizing the word “die“, letting it hang heavily in the air. 
Before Skylar had been reborn, she’d been tormented to the point of wishing for death. In her final moments, she’d sworn that neither Maisy nor Christopher would 
meet a good end. 
Maisy’s face paled. “You’ve gone too far!” 
Skylar chuckled. “Have you forgotten how you used to bully me?” 
“That was the past. If you come back to the Williams, family, I’ll give you my room. I won’t badmouth you to Mom and Dad. That’s the best I can offer,” Maisy said in a low 
voice. 
Skylar had gone too far! One day, she would make Skylar feel this same desperation. 
“No,” Skylar said coldly. 
“Skylar!” Maisy shouted, unable to contain herself. Before, Maisy had never thought ‘hat Skylar could be so difficult. 
Kenny swiftly approached them and stood beside Maisy. He towered over Skylar.” Are you bullying Maisy again?” 
Skylar gave a mocking smile. “I came across a very interesting video by chance. 
Maisy wants me to delete it, but I refused. 
“So she’s been lashing out at me. Maybe you should take a look and decide if it should be deleted.” 
###chapter310
“No!” Maisy exclaimed in panic. 
No! Absolutely not! Kenny must never see that video. 
Seeing Maisy’s panic and fear brought a wave of satisfaction to Skylar. She leaned 
against the wall and casually opened her photo album. 
“Maisy, you… What kind of video is it that I can’t see? And Skylar, what are you up to?” Kenny asked. 
Maisy wished she could kill Skylar on the spot. “Kenny, it’s nothing, really. It’s just 
some personal, private videos.” 
“Private videos?” Kenny’s suspicion deepened, but he quickly accepted Maisy’s explanation and turned his anger on Skylar. “How did you get a hold of a private. video of Maisy?” 
“Why don’t you see for yourself if it’s private or not?” Skylar countered smoothly. 
Maisy’s eyes widened in horror as she saw Skylar preparing to play the video. 
They were at the hospital and right outside the operating room. There was no one there except the Williamses. If any sounds came from the video, the entire family would hear it clearly. 
Fear caused Maisy’s body to tremble violently. 
“Kenny, it’s nothing. You shouldn’t worry about it. The video isn’t important. I 
overreacted. It’s my fault, not Skylar’s,” she said. 
“But your brother doesn’t seem to believe that,” Skylar said. 
She found the video and turned the phone toward Maisy. The frozen frame showed a hotel room number. 
Maisy’s face turned ashen. “Kenny, trust me! I really overreacted. Please go back to waiting for the surgery to finish. I’ll talk to Skylar.” 
Maisy couldn’t help but curse inwardly. She had never felt so humiliated in front of 
22 
Skylar. 
She had never before taken the fall in front of Kenny and the others. In the past, she had always redirected blame to make them turn against Skylar and misunderstand 
her. 
But now, things had changed. Now, she needed to make sure Kenny didn’t 
misinterpret Skylar’s actions to prevent her from being provoked. The stark contrast 
terrified her. 
“Maisy, you seemed really scared. Don’t worry, I’m here for you. You can tell me anything,” Kenny said, with his eyes filled with concern. 
Skylar glanced at Kenny, noticing a subtle shift in his demeanor toward Maisy. 
“Kenny, I’m not scared, really. We’re just chatting about girl stuff. So please, don’t keep asking about it, okay?” Maisy pleaded, her desperation deepening as she watched Skylar’s finger hover over the video. 
“Well, it seems like your brother doesn’t believe your words and thinks I’m bullying you. This video is quite interesting, though. 
“Maybe I should call over your other brothers and your dad to watch it too?” Skylar teased with a smirk. 
She had never seen Maisy so flustered and frightened. 
“No! Kenny, please just go. I’ll talk to Skylar myself. If you keep bugging us, I’ll be too embarrassed to face anyone.” Maisy’s voice wavered; she was on the brink of tears. She was seriously mortified. 
Seeing Maisy so distraught, Kenny hesitated before reluctantly walking away. 
But his mind was still spinning with questions. What was in that video? Why was Maisy so nervous while Skylar remained cool and collected? It seemed like Maisy didn’t want him to see the video at all. 
As Kenny walked away, Maisy breathed a sigh of relief. 
She turned to Skylar with anger and fear flickering across her face, but she didn’t have the courage to confront Skylar. 
###chapter311
“Skylar, just spit it out! What do you really want? You’ve got that damn video, but you won’t trade it for my car. What’s your game here? Just say it!” Maisy clenched her 
fists tightly. 
Maisy now desperately hoped for Skylar to disappear off the face of the earth. Maybe then she’d be able to find some peace of mind. 
“I’ll give you a chance. Kneel down and apologize to me a thousand times. Anything less won’t show enough remorse,” Skylar said slowly. 
Maisy almost choked in anger. She bit her lip, trying to keep her voice low. “I admit I screwed up, okay? I’ll do whatever you want from now on. But kneeling? That’s too 
much, Skylar.” 
“Exactly, it’s supposed to be too much,” Skylar replied with a mocking smile, looking like she was playing with a helpless kitten. 
is was th 
compared to what they had put her through in her past life. 
Apologizing a thousand times was merely a small price to pay. 
Maisy was furious but powerless. She nearly ground her teeth to dust. “Fine, somewhere private then.” 
Maisy was now haunted with regret. She never should have indulged herself and 
ended up in this mess. 
“No, do it right here.” 
“Don’t push me, Skylar! If you push me too far, do you really think Janine will forgive you? I’m her biological daughter,” Maisy snapped. 
Skylar’s smile vanished. “You should be grateful she’s your biological mother. 
Otherwise, I’d make sure the whole city of Jipsburg sees this video.” 
“I don’t care. For her sake, you should have deleted the video the second you got it. Not use it against me!” Maisy’s composure cracked. 
“Wrong. I haven’t released it for my mom’s sake, to spare her the embarrassment 
But the Williams family deserves to know, Skylar Bald coldly while her finger hovered over the video on her phone. 
Immediately, an embarrassing moan filled the room. 
Maisy turned pale and lunged forward to stop the video. She looked back at Jeffrey and the others, who were now staring at them. 
Fear tightened her features. 
“What’s going on? Do you guys know where we are now? This is a hospital,” Jeffrey 
scolded. 
“Well, then you should ask your precious daughter what she’s been up to,” Skylar said 
indifferently. 
Jeffrey turned to Maisy, bewildered. “Maisy, what’s all this about?” 
Kenny frowned as suspicion filled his eyes. The sound from Skylar’s phone was disturbingly familiar. 
It sounded like… Maisy’s voice. 
“Did I hear that right? That was one of those sounds, wasn’t it?” Samuel looked 
between Maisy and Skylar, puzzled. 
When had those two gotten close enough to have watched something like that 
together? 
Meanwhile, Kenny gave Samuel a strange look. 
Samuel frowned. “What?” 
“Something’s not right with Maisy,” Peter said as his sharp gaze was fixed on Skylar and Maisy. He had noticed something was off between them. 
Maisy seemed to be under Skylar’s control. Judging by her nervous expression, that video probably had something to do with Maisy. 
But if that sound was related to Maisy. 
Jeffrey stepped closer to Maisy and Skylar. 
Skylar remained calm. After all, she wasn’t the one caught up in any hotel scandals.
###chapter312
Maisy was terrified. “It was just a movie clip, Dad. We won’t watch it again. It started playing accidentally,” Maisy said. 
Maisy’s legs had gone weak. Only now did she realize how much Skylar had changed 
-the latter was ruthless and unforgiving. 
Skylar watched Maisy struggle while keeping a straight face. 
Jeffrey, however, stopped in his tracks. He clearly believed in Maisy. 
Meanwhile, Kenny secretly let out a sigh of relief upon learning it was just a movie 
clip. 
“So it was just a movie.” Samuel scoffed, glaring at Skylar with even more disdain. 
You have time for movies even at a time like this?” 
“Maisy, you’ve always been sensible. Don’t mess around now,” Jeffrey said sternly. 
Maisy nodded with her fists clenched tightly. “Okay, I understand.” 
As Jeffrey walked away, Maisy turned to Skylar and whispered, “I know you hate me, 
but we can work something out. I can’t kneel and apologize today, but I can give your 
I 
money.” 
“I don’t need your money. Get lost,” Skylar replied coldly. She was unwilling to waste. 
any more words on Maisy. 
Skylar knew Maisy wouldn’t kneel. But if Maisy did it a thousand times, Skylar would 
delete the video. Unfortunately, Maisy didn’t have it in her. 
The video wasn’t ready for the Williamses to see yet. But messing with Maisy had 
visibly lifted Skylar’s spirits./ 
“You!” Maisy seethed, wishing she could strangle Skylar. 
Finally, Maisy breathed a sigh of relief when she saw Skylar exit the photo album without playing the video. She needed a permanent solution to keep the video from being discovered. 
Two hours later, as Skylar was about to leave, the light above the operation room 
went off. 
The doctor emerged first, and Jeffrey and the others hurried over. 
“Doctor, how is my wife?” Jeffrey asked anxiously. 
Skylar stood behind them. Her eyes were fixed on the doctor before she glanced at 
the operating room. 
Taking in the large family before him, the doctor’s tone was somber. “The injuries to her legs were severe, and there was damage to her liver. We couldn’t save her legs.” 
The doctor went on to explain Sadie’s condition. Having just come out of surgery, 
Sadie was still in critical condition and needed to be monitored in the intensive care 
unit. 
Thus, the Williams family didn’t get a chance to see Sadie at all. They were 
dumbfounded by the doctor’s words. 
“Her legs… they couldn’t be saved?” Jeffrey staggered back as he was unable to process the blow. This meant Sadie would be disabled for life. 
Kenny and his brothers were equally shocked. Even after a moment had passed, they struggled to comprehend what they had heard. 
Maisy was too stunned to speak. Sadie’s legs couldn’t be saved? That meant she’d 
be bedridden and would need constant care. 
After giving his instructions, the doctor left to attend to other patients. 
The Williamses stood silently by the doorway, all overwhelmed with disbelief and 
grief. 
“How could this be?” Samuel’s eyes were bloodshot with sorrow. 
###chapter313
Maisy was terrified. “It was just a movie clip, Dad. We won’t watch it again. It started playing accidentally,” Maisy said. 
Maisy’s legs had gone weak. Only now did she realize how much Skylar had changed -the latter was ruthless and unforgiving. 
Skylar watched Maisy struggle while keeping a straight face. 
Jeffrey, however, stopped in his tracks. He clearly believed in Maisy. 
Meanwhile, Kenny secretly let out a sigh of relief upon learning it was just a movie. clip. 
“So it was just a movie.” Samuel scoffed, glaring at Skylar with even more disdain.” 
You have time for movies even at a time like this?” 
“Maisy, you’ve always been sensible. Don’t mess around now,” Jeffrey said sternly. 
Maisy nodded with her fists clenched tightly. “Okay, I understand.” 
As Jeffrey walked away, Maisy turned to Skylar and whispered, “I know you hate me, 
but we can work something out. I can’t kneel and apologize today, but I can give you 
money.” 
“I don’t need your money. Get lost,” Skylar replied coldly. She was unwilling to waste 
any more words on Maisy. 
Skylar knew Maisy wouldn’t kneel. But if Maisy did it a thousand times, Skylar would delete the video. Unfortunately, Maisy didn’t have it in her. 
The video wasn’t ready for the Williamses to see yet. But messing with Maisy had 
visibly lifted Skylar’s spirits. 
“You!” Maisy seethed, wishing she could strangle Skylar. 
Finally, Maisy breathed a sigh of relief when she saw Skylar exit the photo album 
without playing the video. She needed a permanent solution to keep the video from being discovered. 
Chapte 
Two hours later, as Skylar was about to leave, the light above the operation room 
went off. 
The doctor emerged first, and Jeffrey and the others hurried over. 
“Doctor, how is my wife?” Jeffrey asked anxiously. 
Skylar stood behind them. Her eyes were fixed on the doctor before she glanced at 
the operating room. 
Taking in the large family before him, the doctor’s tone was somber. “The injuries to her legs were severe, and there was damage to her liver. We couldn’t save her legs.” 
The doctor went on to explain Sadie’s condition. Having just come out of surgery, 
Sadie was still in critical condition and needed to be monitored in the intensive care 
unit. 
Thus, the Williams family didn’t get a chance to see Sadie at all. They were dumbfounded by the doctor’s words. 
“Her legs… they couldn’t be saved?” Jeffrey staggered back as he was unable to process the blow. This meant Sadie would be disabled for life. 
Kenny and his brothers were equally shocked. Even after a moment had passed, they struggled to comprehend what they had heard. 
Maisy was too stunned to speak. Sadie’s legs couldn’t be saved? That meant she’d 
be bedridden and would need constant care. 
After giving his instructions, the doctor left to attend to other patients. 
The Williamses stood silently by the doorway, all overwhelmed with disbelief and 
grief. 
“How could this be?” Samuel’s eyes were bloodshot with sorrow.
###chapter314
Kenny’s face turned ashen while Peter tightly pressed his lips together. 
Sadie’s accident dealt a devastating blow to the Williams family, worsening their 
already dire situation. 
Skylar’s gaze was cold. In her past life, the 
come back from the brink of death. 
Williamses hadn’t cared at all when she’d 
They’d even joked by her hospital bed, with Sadie smugly thinking she was lucky. Yet now, they all appeared shocked and worried. 
Sadie might have lost her legs, but at least she wasn’t paralyzed from the waist 
down. Indeed, she was fortunate. 
The family stood there in stunned silence. 
After a while, a doctor reminded them to go home and rest, assuring them the hospital would call with updates and arrange shifts for care. Only then did they snap 
out of their daze. 
“How could this be?” Jeffrey murmured. 
Jeffrey was baffled. What had the Wiliams family done to deserve this? Why were they constantly plagued by misfortunes? 
Skylar watched their panic with detachment. This should have happened too in her previous life, but she had been too foolish then. 
“Now that the surgery is over, I’ll be leaving,” Skylar said after glancing at the time. It 
was already 11:00 pm. Her flight was at 10:00 am, so she needed to be at the airport 
by 8:00 am tomorrow. 
Skylar had no time to watch their melodrama. 
“Wait! Sadie is in this condition now, and you’re still leaving?” Jeffrey called out incredulously at her coldness. 
Kenny frowned, noting the lack of concern on Skylar’s face. “You weren’t like this before,” he said solemnly. 
“You’ll get what’s coming to you!” Samuel was fuming. 
They were all heartbroken, while Skylar seemed completely indifferent to Sadie’s plight. 
Skylar laughed at their shameless accusations. “The doctor told us to leave. If you want to stay, that’s your choice. I have no obligation to take care of Mrs. Williams. 
“If you guys are so devoted to your wife or dutiful to your mom, go and figure out how to care for a bedridden patient. Don’t try to guilt–trip me now. Where was this concern before?” 
Skylar knew their selfish nature all too well. They might care for Sadie for a few days, but soon enough, they’d see her as a burden. 
“You! That’s your mother! Can you really walk away without any guilt? You have to 
move back home now and take care of Sadie.. 
“We’re all busy, and Maisy’s health isn’t good enough for such tasks. You’re the only one with time,” Jeffrey commanded Skylar without a second thought. 
Skylar was stunned by Jeffrey’s audacity and asked, “Are you insane?” 
Who gave him such brazen entitlement? 
Maisy, who’s been silent until now, hoped Skylar would agree to return home. She 
didn’t want the responsibility of caring for their bedridden mother. 
“Skylar! Dad’s giving you a chance to prove yourself. If you take good care of Mom, we’ll accept you as part of the family,” Samuel insisted angrily. 
Kenny frowned. “Skye, come home.” 
Peter added sternly, “You’re still part of our family, Skylar. Take this opportunity to return and mend things.” 
“Skylar, after what Mom’s been through, she’ll be heartbroken when she wakes up. If you stay by her side, you’ll become important to her,” Maisy urged. 
Skylar was truly astounded by their shamelessness. They made their demands with such righteousness, 
Chapte. 313 
“You all need your heads checked. While you’re here, why not see a doctor? Stop barking orders and acting crazy.” 
With that, Skylar walked away decisively. She needed a good night’s rest before her flight the next day. 
###chapter315
Skylar felt too awkward about returning the money to Gloria, so she accepted it. She planned to use it later to buy some jewelry for Gloria. 
While she was waiting at the airport, Joe called her. 
“Are you at the airport?” 
“Yeah, I’m at the gate. I’ll be boarding in 30 minutes.” 
“Okay. I have some matters to attend today, so I won’t be able to make it to the airport. Paul will take you to the hotel first.” 
Just as Joe finished speaking, Skylar faintly heard a woman’s voice softly calling Joe’s name. Her tone was gentle and affectionate. 
Skylar’s eyes flickered slightly. After acknowledging Joe and saying okay, she ended the call. 
The way the woman had called him indicated that their relationship was not simple. Were they friends? 
Skylar shook her head slightly to push her thoughts aside. Regardless of who was with him now, she didn’t have to delve into it. 
The hours on the plane passed quickly. Skylar slept for most of the flight. In fact, she might have slept even longer if the landing announcement hadn’t woken her. 
She got off the plane, still feeling groggy. When she went out with her luggage, she saw Paul waiting. 
Paul was dressed casually in a tank top and loose pants–a stark contrast to his 
usual work attire. 
“Ms. Sullivan, are you tired after such a long flight? Hungry? Mr. Martin said if you’re tired, we can go straight to the hotel. But if you’re hungry, I’ll take you out to eat,” Paul said in a relaxed manner. 
77 
Paul claimed he was on a business trip with Joe, but it felt more like a vacation. He was as comfortable as he could be. 
A warm breeze greeted them as they exited the airport, instantly making Skylar relax. 
“Let’s go eat.” 
Having slept through the flight without eating, Skylar was now feeling hungry. 
I 
“Sure, let’s go now. I know Korel City well. I come here almost every year. Ms. 
Sullivan, would you like to try some local specialties?” Paul asked. 
“Sounds good,” Skylar replied eagerly. Since she was already here, she wanted to 
taste the local cuisine. 
her 
Paul glanced at Skylar through the rearview mirror. From the moment he’d picked 
until now, she hadn’t mentioned Joe at all. Could it be that she didn’t care 
about what Joe was doing? 
up 
While enjoying the scenery along the way through the car window, Skylar admired 
Korel City, a seaside town with beautiful sea views. 
Korel City was a tourist destination year–round. Seeing many women dressed in elegant sundresses, Skylar also looked forward to wearing the several sundresses 
she had brought. 
After observing her carefully, Paul was convinced Skylar was genuinely here for a 
vacation. 
When he’d booked the flight tickets, he’d thought that Skylar and Joe seemed closer 
than before, almost inseparable. 
That’s why he’d been skeptical of the pretext of a vacation. He’d assumed that Skylar 
came because of Joe. 
“Mr. Martin will probably be here to see you tomorrow,” Paul said. 
Skylar smiled and nodded. “Okay.” 
Now, Paul was left puzzled. He couldn’t figure out what was going on in Skylar’s mind. Did she care about Joe or not? 
They had just arrived at a restaurant and sat down when Joe called Paul. 
After sharing their location with Joe, Paul hung up and told Skylar, “Mr. Martin will be 
here in about 30 minutes.” 
Skylar was surprised. “Isn’t he busy today? Does he have time?” 
The Williamses‘ faces turned dark with anger as they watched Skylar walk away 
without a hint of hesitation. 
To them, she seemed utterly heartless. Skylar had the most free time out of all of them, yet contributed the least. Now, when the family needed her the most, she’d walked away without a second thought. 
“Dad, what do we do now?” Samuel asked, clearly at a loss. 
Jeffrey was just as bewildered. “Let’s go home and wait for the doctor’s call. Once your mom wakes up, we can all come back together.” 
“Okay,” the brothers agreed in unison. 
The hospital was eerily quiet. The family had no choice but to leave, while Skylar 
drove straight to Galaxy Villa. 
As she started the car and hit the road, she was too focused on driving to notice the 
car tailing her until about 20 minutes later. 
When she finally spotted the vehicle in her rearview mirror, she recognized the 
license plate, and her expression darkened. What was Peter up to? 
Peter was stunned as he followed Skylar’s car toward a luxurious villa neighborhood. 
He couldn’t believe that Skylar had lived in such an upscale area. 
Even at the height of Williams Group’s success, they hadn’t been able to afford a place like this. After all, the Williams family had never been part of Jipsburg’s elite 
circles. 
Wasn’t Skylar’s new boyfriend supposed to be just an ordinary guy? How could they 
afford to live there? 
“No matter what secrets you’re hiding, I will uncover them,” Peter muttered coldly 
with his eyes narrowed, 
He was convinced that Skylar’s secrets could turn their family’s situation around. 
Chapte 314 
Skylar glanced at the rearview mirror again, thinking how despicable Peter was for tailing her to find out where she lived. 
How could he have had time for this, even with Sadie in a car accident now? But then again, there was no surprise there–Peter had indeed been raised by Jeffrey and 
Sadie. 
Skylar made a sharp turn into a high–end residential area, and Peter stopped his car when he saw her enter the complex. Did she live here? 
This area was known for housing elite professionals. It was a prestigious place, but still not on par with Galaxy Villa. Had he overestimated Skylar? 
Peter lit a cigarette and rolled down the window, feeling a cloud of confusion settle 
over him. 
Why had Skylar suddenly stopped trying to win their favor? She used to do everything to fit in with the family. 
Could it be her new boyfriend’s influence? Peter stared at the complex, lost in his 
thoughts. 
Then, his eyes caught a couple kissing under a streetlamp. 
The woman had a striking figure and was held tightly by the man, but Peter didn’t 
care about such scenes. What intrigued him was the man’s face when he finally saw 
1. it. 
Wasn’t that Jeremy? But the woman wasn’t his wife, Natalie. Natalie had been in the 
news before, and she certainly didn’t have this supermodel–like figure. 
So Jeremy had a mistress too. It seemed all men like him had their secrets. 
The next morning, Skylar had breakfast and headed to the airport. 
On the way, she called Gloria to tell her about meeting up with Joe for a trip. Gloria 
was supportive and even sent her money for travel expenses. 
###chapter316
“He’s probably done with his work?” Paul’s tone held a hint of uncertainty. 
Skylar didn’t press further. Even though the dishes hadn’t arrived yet, she had bought some local fruits on the way to the restaurant. 
While enjoying the fruit, she chatted with Natalie on WhatsApp. 
Natalie protested about Skylar’s sudden trip. “How could you leave me and go on a vacation alone? If you’d just asked, I could have joined you.” 
“Mr. Hughes just got back from his business trip. You two are in your honeymoon phase now. I don’t want to get in your way. Go enjoy your time together.” 
Natalie seemed to be typing a lengthy message but never sent it. Skylar waited, but 
Natalie remained silent. 
Skylar then assumed that Natalie had taken her advice to spend quality time with 
Jeremy. 
Half an hour later, when Joe hurried over, almost all the dishes had been served. 
“Mr. Martin!” Paul immediately stood up. 
Seeing Joe, Skylar smiled. “Right on time, Mr. Martin.” Joe had said half an hour, and 
indeed, he was precisely on time. 
“Mr. Martin?” Joe raised an eyebrow coldly. He was clearly displeased with the title. 
Skylar pretended not to notice his displeasure. She couldn’t think of any other way to 
address him with Paul around. 
“All the dishes are here. Please enjoy,” the waiter said after serving the last dish. 
“Thank you.” Skylar nodded politely at the waiter. 
Paul was sharp and observant, and naturally, he sensed the subtle tension between Joe and Skylar. He was curious about what other titles Skylar could have used besides “Mr. Martin“. 
Joe sat down next to Skylar, and at that moment, a faint scent of perfume wafted 
Chapte: 315 
over. 
212 
Skylar had a keen sense of smell. She didn’t wear perfume herself, but Joe usually wore a light men’s cologne. The faint scent now wasn’t that. 
Skylar smiled politely at Joe and began trying the local specialties. The dishes were 
enticing. 
After noticing Skylar’s polite distance, Joe looked at her with his deep eyes. “Are you feeling tired?” 
“Not really. I’m just hungry,” Skylar replied. 
Just hungry? 
Joe’s eyes narrowed slightly, and an intimidating air emanated from him. 
Skylar didn’t notice the tension at first because the restaurant Paul had chosen was 
just too good. 
Although Jispurg had restaurants that featured Korel City’s specialties, they couldn’t compare to the authenticity and flavor of the locals. 
However, 
cutlery, although he was drooling over the dishes, too. 
Paul keenly noticed that Joe seemed unhappy. He dared not touch hi 
Feeling half full, Skylar finally realized that neither Joe nor Paul had eaten. In 
hindsight, she looked at Joe. “Aren’t you… guys eating?” 
She had ordered so many dishes, but she couldn’t finish them alone, especially since 
she had been watching her diet to maintain her figure. 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
###chapter317
Skylar couldn’t help but wonder if Paul and Joe had already eaten lunch. 
Paul hesitated to speak as he stole glances at Joe. 
Joe noticed Skylar’s puzzled expression, and the dark cloud that had momentarily 
covered his mind dissipated instantly. “I wasn’t hungry earlier.” 
Seeing this, Paul quickly picked up his cutlery and said, “Yeah, I wasn’t hungry either, 
but now I’m starving.” 
Paul had skipped lunch in his rush to the airport and was genuinely famished. 
Watching Skylar enjoy her food had made his mouth water. 
As Skylar nibbled on her dish, she said to Joe, “I know you both have a lot going on 
here. I planned my itinerary last night, so feel free to focus on your tasks. I’ll go 
explore on my own.” 
Joe pursed his lips slightly, and his gaze grew stern. “You’re going alone?” 
“Yeah, you guys can go ahead with your work. If you’re free later, we can explore 
together. Plus, I’m sure you’ve both seen enough of Korel City’s sights. 
“It’s my first time here, so I want to visit the scenic spots and take some photos. I don’t want to waste your time,” Skylar explained casually. 
Joe’s expression darkened, and he was about to respond when his phone rang 
suddenly. 
Whatever was said made Joe’s face darken even further. “Just wait at the hospital. 
I’ll be there soon. 
The hospital? Skylar’s expression froze. 
“I have something to attend to. Paul will take you back to the hotel after lunch. I’ll call 
you tomorrow.” Joe finished speaking and left quickly. 
Paul witnessed what seemed like a normal situation moments ago with a mouth full of food. But in the midst of it, he felt something was off. 
The atmosphere between Joe and Skylar earller hadn’t been quite right. It felt… indescribably tense. He picked up his cup and took several sips of tea. 
Skylar sensed Paul’s awkwardness and inwardly chuckled. 
Her relationship with Joe hadn’t reached the point where she could ask about his private affairs. Even if they were physically intimate in bed, it didn’t necessarily meant he had feelings for her. 
Skylar guessed that Paul’s nervousness stemmed from his fear that she might question why Joe was going to the hospital. 
But she wasn’t that naive; bringing it up could make things awkward between her and Joe. 
Skylar set down her cutlery and patted her stomach. “I’m full now. Take your time,” 
she said. 
She had indulged too much during this meal. After dropping her luggage at the hotel, Skylar planned to take a walk outside. 
“Ms. Sullivan, aren’t you curious why Mr. Martin is going to the hospital?” Paul couldn’t help but ask. 
Skylar shook her head. “No, he has his own business to attend to in Korel City.” 
Seeing Skylar’s casual response and a complete lack of curiosity, Paul was certain 
she wasn’t interested in Joe’s whereabouts. 
Paul was perplexed. Skylar was Joe’s wife. Joe had left abruptly with just one phone call, yet she’d remained unfazed. 
Sadie woke up around noon in the hospital in Jipsburg that day. At first, she wasn’t aware of what had happened. 
It dawned on her only when Jeffrey and her children came to see her that evening. 
“My legs… I can’t move my legs…” Her hands and arms could move, but her lower body felt numb. The scene of the accident flashed in Sadie’s mind–her legs had been crushed! 
“Sadie, you still have me and the kids. It’s already a miracle that you survived.” Jeffrey sighed. 
“Yeah, Mom, we’ll be your legs from now on,” Kenny quickly added. 
Samuel’s eyes were welled up with tears. “Mom, don’t worry. You’ll be out of the hospital soon.” 
But Sadie couldn’t process what they were saying. The devastating blow of losing her legs left her distraught. “No, I can’t become disabled. I can’t lose my legs. Quick, have the doctors find a way!” 
###chapter318
Sadie was on the verge of a breakdown. How could this have happened to her? How could she have ended up disabled? 
She was Sadie Coleman, after all–she’d always been the epitome of elegance and 
power, whether among friends or family. 
How could she now be confined to a bed, reliant on others for even the most basic 
needs? 
“Quick, all of you! Money isn’t an issue for us. We can afford the best doctors in 
Jispsburg to operate on me!” Sadie shrieked. 
Kenny and his brothers could only watch helplessly as Sadie remained hysterical and 
oblivious to her circumstances. 
Feeling weary and frustrated, Jeffrey urged gently, “Darling, we’re already at the finest hospital in the Jispburg. The surgeon attending to you is the very best. We’ve spared no expense. 
“You survived a very severe accident. It’s a miracle that you’re still with us today. I understand it’s hard for you to accept it now, but we’re all here for you.” 
“No… no… I want my legs back! I want my legs!” Sadie cried out, but her voice was 
strained by the recent ordeal. 
Sadie’s protests were feeble, yet her desperation was overwhelming. It was a side of Sadie the Williamses had never witnessed before, and it deeply disturbed and 
unsettled them. 
However, the situation that unfolded was irrevocable. This was the cruel reality they 
had to face. 
“Darling, please calm down. Getting agitated won’t help your recovery. You’ve just undergone a major surgery; your body needs rest,” Jeffrey advised, frowning. 
Peter found Sadie’s shrieks annoying. “Mom, you’ve always been so strong. Just try to accept what’s happened. If you continue to cause a scene, it’ll only make it harder for everyone.” 
Sadie stared at her husband and children, seeing not just their pain but also their 
Impatience. 
Suddenly, a sharp pang shot through her heart. Did they truly understand what she was going through? She’d just been amputated! 
Meanwhile, Skylar had settled into her hotel room. After unpacking, she slipped into the sundress she had eagerly brought along and ventured out. 
It was 8:30 pm, and the streets were still lively with bustling crowds. The hotel, 
nestled in the heart of the city, opened onto a vibrant pedestrian strip. 
Bright lights and the hum of activity surrounded Skylar. 
Skylar then strolled leisurely and savored the local snacks that caught her eye.. 
her rebirth, she hadn’t had a moment as carefree as this. 
Since 
However, having indulged in a hearty meal earlier, she resisted the temptation of 
more local delicacies. 
Instead, Skylar admired the unique local sundresses on display and picked out a few 
of her favorites. 
Later, she found a seat in a bar. While enjoying the soothing strains of a live 
performance, she suddenly felt her phone buzz in her bag. 
Skylar hadn’t used her phone much since arriving in Korel City. She’d only used it for 
quick transactions. 
She wouldn’t have noticed the incessant calls if she hadn’t wanted to record the 
singer’s performance. 
After noticing missed calls from Joe, she excused herself from the lively bar. The noise inside made it impossible to hear clearly. 
Outside, she answered the call. 
“Where are you?” Joe’s voice was cold but held a hint of concern. 
“I went out shopping and stopped by a bar. It was too noisy, and I didn’t hear my 
Chapte 318 
phone ring. Are you… done with your work?” Skylar glanced back at the bar, where a new singer had taken the stage. 
The atmosphere was now much quieter, with a ballad playing. 
“Send me your location and stay put,” Joe said firmly. 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading 
###chapter319
Skylar couldn’t help but wonder if Joe was treating her like a lost child. But despite her inner grumbling, she obediently sent Joe her location. 
In less than 20 minutes, Joe arrived in a hurry. 
The moment he saw Skylar, he reached out, pulled her into his arms, and kissed her passionately. 
Skylar was dumbfounded. What was he… 
After the kiss, Joe lowered his head to look at her. With his breath slightly heavy, he 
asked, “Why did you go out alone?” 
When Joe had rushed back from the hospital, he’d found only Skylar’s suitcase in the room. She had been gone. He had asked Paul, but no one had known where she had 
gone. 
Skylar hadn’t answered any of his calls. Didn’t she understand the danger? 
Skylar, still dazed from the kiss, looked confused. “Can’t I go a 
t alone? This is 
tourist city, and I had nothing else to do at the hotel, so I went out for a stroll. Did 
you… need something?” 
Wasn’t Joe supposed to be at the hospital? The person who’d made him rush back to the hospital must be very important to him. 
Listening to Skylar’s nonchalant tone, Joe glanced again at the crowded pedestrian 
street and suddenly realized his earlier urgency had been somewhat irrational. 
For a moment, his expression turned grim. 
Seeing this, Skylar pointed to a nearby popular spot and said, “How about we go there and wait in line for a photo?” 
Skylar looked at the spot eagerly as she wanted Joe to take a few photos. She was now dressed in a flowing sundress that exuded a fairy–like beauty. 
Skylar’s suggestion seemed to make Joe relax a bit. He took her hand, and they walked toward the photo spot. 
Skylar glanced down at their interlocked hands. Joe’s hand fit perfectly in hers, with his warmth providing an unexpected sense of security. For a brief moment, her heart fluttered, and she felt a bit dazed. 
Then, a couple ahead of them unexpectedly captured her attention. 
Skylar snapped out of her thoughts when she was captivated by the stunning pair embracing each other. They seemed inseparable. 
The man tenderly kissed the woman on her forehead. They were clearly a couple deeply in love. 
Skylar couldn’t help but think of Joe’s earlier kiss. It had been so different from his 
usual aloof demeanor–the kiss had been so passionate and intense.. 
If they had been back at the hotel, surely they wouldn’t have been able to restrain 
themselves. 
Skylar’s heart sank as she realized where her thoughts had wandered. That kiss just 
now had stirred up emotions in her… leading to uncontrollable places. 
When they finally reached the front of the line to take photos, Skylar handed her 
phone to Joe. “Could you take a few pictures for me?” 
Joe looked down at the phone in his palm with a glint of malice flashing in his eyes. Did she not want to take a photo with him? 
As he looked up, Skylar had already struck a pose. 
Under the night’s luminous glow, the woman in the fiery red sundress stood out. 
Skylar’s long hair danced in the wind, and her radiant smile was captivating enough 
to hold anyone’s gaze. 
Time seemed to freeze at that moment. 
Joe’s deep eyes locked onto Skylar as he snapped a few photos on her phone. 
Meanwhile, he overheard others commenting on Skylar. “She’s so beautiful. Is she a 
celebrity?” 
“If I could find a girlfriend like her in the future, I’d wake up smiling from my dreams.” 
Joe glanced at the few men nearby. 
###chapter320
Joe’s cold and aloof stare sent shivers down everyone’s spine. 
The group of guys who had initially wanted to ask for Skylar’s contact quickly backed off after being intimidated by Joe’s stern gaze. 
After snapping some pictures, Skylar hurried back to grab her phone. 
When she saw the photos Joe had taken, she blinked in disbelief. After checking the 
others, she suspected Joe had done it intentionally. 
“Mr. Martin, your photography skills are truly… something else!” Skylar exclaimed. 
Joe had somehow made her look out of shape like she was only five feet tall instead 
of her actual height of five foot and eight inches. She looked as if she was flattened 
against the ground. 
Joe hadn’t paid much attention to the photos he’d taken, but upon hearing Skylar’s critique, he glanced at them. 
His expression turned serious as he examined the photos. Determined to redeem 
himself, Joe suggested, “Let’s take them again.” 
Skylar glanced at the now–long queue and shook her head. “Let’s find another spot. I 
just wanted a nice keepsake photo.” 
Skylar couldn’t help but wonder if Joe’s mind was preoccupied with the hospital 
situation. 
“Let’s go for a walk by the beach,” Joe offered, slipping one hand into his pocket while holding Skylar’s with the other as they strolled ahead. 
Skylar was surprised. “There’s a beach nearby?” 
It had already been dark when she’d arrived at the hotel. Her suite on the top floor 
offered a panoramic view of Korel City, but Skylar hadn’t noticed the beach amidst the skyscrapers and neon lights.. 
It took them about ten minutes to reach the beach. 
Chap 320 
The sea breeze greeted them, prompting Skylar to kick off her shoes and revel in the sensation of sand between her toes. The tiny grains made her feel carefree, like a 
child again. 
Skylar turned to Joe, exhilarated. “This is wonderful! I want to come back tomorrow to catch the sunrise and sunset.” 
Beneath the night sky, the vast sea seemed infinite, like an everlasting night. 
Skylar’s infectious joy seemed to rub off on Joe, who wore a bright smile as he watched her. In his deep voice, he responded, “Alright.” 
An hour later, they returned to the hotel. Skylar assumed Joe would leave, given his matters in Korel City. But, to her surprise, he stayed. 
After she finished her shower, he went in to take his. 
Skylar didn’t dwell on it. She leaned against the bed, checked her phone, and was startled by the dozens of missed calls. 
Had Joe called her that many times? 
As Skylar opened the call log, she saw Joe had called her around eight times. The rest were from unknown numbers, a few of which she recognized from previous 
calls. 
Skylar didn’t need to think twice to figure out who they were. The Williams family had their own twisted logic and crooked stances. 
Skylar blocked the numbers and then checked on her Amazon shop. Even on a trip, she didn’t miss a beat with her work. 
She was so engrossed in a conversation with a client that she didn’t notice Joe coming out of the bathroom. 
By the time she sensed his overwhelming presence, he was already leaning over her. In a deep and persuasive voice, Joe said, “Tell them you’ll get back to them 
###chapter321
“Your time belongs to me now.” 
Joe’s deep, seductive voice made Skylar’s heart race, tempting her to surrender completely. 
Skylar swallowed hard, and her eyes drifted from his damp hair to his chiseled features that were capable 
of captivating any woman, 
“You- 
Before Skylar could utter another word, Joe silenced her with a passionate kiss, causing her phone to slip 
from her hand. 
Tonight, Joe was different- he was more intense and more insistent. It was overwhelming. 
With tears in her eyes, Skylar had to call Joe “darling” countless times before he finally let her rest. 
Feeling satisfied, Joe held her in his arms as they fell asleep. 
As she drifted off, Skylar thought about the clients on Amazon she hadn’t replied to. She hadn’t informed them that she’d get back to them tomorrow. 
However, she had no energy left; she didn’t even know where her phone had fallen. 
Joe had been too relentless tonight. Skylar vowed to protest with him tomorrow. 
Samuel and Maisy were taking care of Sadie at the hospital tonight. Peter and Kenny would then have to take over the next day. 
Meanwhile, Jeffrey had to deal with various issues at work. Initially, Kenny had been supposed to stay with Maisy but hadn’t been able to get time off. 
The hospital was quiet at night, but Sadie’s room was far from peaceful. She kept crying out in pain even 
when in sleep. 
Throughout the whole night, Sadie’s sleep had been restless and plagued with nightmares. She kept wailing and shouting that she couldn’t live without her legs. 
Sadie’s restless night took its toll on Samuel and Maisy, leaving them tense and exhausted. 
“Skylar still isn’t answering her phone? Samuel asked. 
Maisy nodded. “I’ve had some of my friends call her too, but she’s not picking up. She probably knows we’re trying to reach her and is avoiding us.” 
The companion beds were tiny. They were in a single–room ward, so the two additional companion beds only made the space feel cramped. 
The scent of disinfectant added to their discomfort. 
212 
“This is unacceptable. We need Skylar here. She’s neglected her duty as a daughter for too long. How can she ignore Mom at a time like this? 
“I thought Skylar was just throwing a tantrum yesterday, but it turns out she really doesn’t care about Mom. I have to make her come.” Samuel’s voice was laced with frustration as he spoke from his narrow 
bed. 
Samuel was fed up with the cramped bed and was determined to make Skylar come. 
Maisy was equally frustrated by Sadie’s painful cries. She needed Skylar’s help with Sadie. She also 
needed Skylar to delete the video. 
If Christopher hadn’t given her the video, who had? 
She had heard that Christopher had been doing quite well recently. Despite losing his job, he was spending her money recklessly. Just the thought of it made her seethe. 
“Samuel, I don’t think she’ll come, no matter how hard we try. She’s determined to cut ties with us. Given Mom’s condition now, she wants nothing to do with us. She doesn’t care about Mom like we do.” Maisy 
sighed. 
Samuel frowned deeply. “Is she out of her mind? She knows she has no blood relation to the Sullivan family, yet she sticks with them.” 
Suddenly, an idea struck him. Samuel added, “Listen, Maisy, I didn’t mean you. You’re nothing like Skylar. You’re the baby sister we’ve always protected. You’re irreplaceable. You can’t go anywhere else.” 
“I know. You guys are my real family. To me, you’re like my biological brothers. I don’t care about the Sullivans,” Maisy nodded earnestly. 
Samuel smiled. “Exactly! Alright, let’s get some sleep. I need to come up with a way to force Skylar to step up. She has to take care of Mom. 
“And Mom will need someone by her side when we head back home. No matter what, Skylar has to come 
back 
###chapter322
Steven had just clocked in for work and was about to sit down when Kenny approached him, looking worn -out. Steven just couldn’t seem to like Kenny. 
“What do you want?” Steven asked after glancing up at Kenny. 
Kenny’s eyes were bloodshot, a sign that he hadn’t slept well last night. 
“I’ve taken a leave from work. Starting today, I’ll be coming in every other day,” Kenny announced. 
Steven’s patience was wearing thin. “Why do I need to know this?” 
“Of course you have to! Do you know why I had to take leave? My mom was in a car accident and had her legs amputated. 
“She’s bedridden and needs constant care now. But Skylar only came to the hospital on the day of the surgery and then vanished. We can’t reach her at all,” Kenny said, his voice rising in frustration. 
A car accident and an amputation? Steven was taken aback. “Your family’s issues are not my concern.” 
“How is it not your concern? Skylar is your sister, too. She’s my mom’s biological daughter. 
“She should be by my mom’s side now and taking care of her wholeheartedly. Instead, she disappeared without a word.” Kenny said while his frown deepened. 
Steven sneered. “You’ve never treated Skye like your family before. But now that there’s trouble, you want to guilt–trip her? Do you even have the right to do that? 
“It’s yours and your siblings‘ responsibility to care for your mom. If Skye chooses to help, it’ll out of kindness. And if she doesn’t, it’s perfectly reasonable.” 
“But we all have jobs and can’t spare the time. Only Skye- Kenny began to argue. 
Steven’s expression turned grim because of Kenny’s brazen entitlement. 
He continued, “Skye has a great job, and her job is better than any of yours, I’d say. Just because your family is out of touch with reality, don’t assume everyone else is as clueless. 
I 
“If you have nothing else to I have work to do.” 
say, get l 
Instinctively, Kenny denied, “She can’t possibly compare-” 
He stopped short, realizing the truth. The Williamses had always seen Skylar differently. In their eyes, 
Skylar was of a lower status. 
They had dismissed her as increasingly insignificant. No matter how much she contributed–it was always overlooked, as if that were the norm. 
This sudden realization hit Kenny hard. His muscles became tense with the new awareness. Stiffly, he 
turned and left. 
Steven watched Kenny leave with a cold expression. “Shameless.” 
He knew Skylar was on vacation and now felt even more protective of her after knowing the Williams family’s despicable intentions. 
The next morning, Skylar woke up to find it was already past ten o’clock, and Joe had left. 
After showering and getting dressed, she searched for her phone on the bed, only to find that it had fallen 
to the floor. 
Joe had left her a message. He had left at 7:00 am and instructed her to call the hotel’s butler for 
breakfast. 
He’d also mentioned that he had arranged for Paul to accompany her today, emphasizing that it wasn’t 
safe for a woman to travel alone. 
Skylar sighed. Fine, if he said it wasn’t safe, she’d go along with it. 
After breakfast, Paul knocked on the door while holding a printed itinerary. 
“Ms. Sullivan, I’ve prepared an itinerary for today. It includes detailed descriptions. Take a look and choose the schedule that you like, Paul said. 
Skylar was genuinely impressed as she reviewed the documents. 
Such 
professionalism!” she praised Paul. 
“Thank you. I have a knack for making sure everything goes perfectly,” Paul said, feeling a bit proud. 
Given Joe’s instructions to ensure Skylar had a great time, Paul was determined to make it happen. Skylar and Paul spent the entire day visiting several places. Paul even took a professional camera and helped take photos that could rival those of a professional photographer. 
As Skylar looked through the photos on the camera, she praised Paul again. “These are amazing.” 
Paul’s skills were truly impressive. Even Joe would have to acknowledge him as a master photographer. At dinner, they discussed their plans for the next day. 
###chapter323
However, Joe hadn’t been part of the plan at all, and neither Skylar nor Paul had noticed. 
Nearby diners were whispering about how perfect Skylar and Paul looked together, mistaking them for a couple. 
Joe arrived just in time to catch the scene and hear the comments. His eyes turned colder than a Jipsburg winter. 
Paul felt a chill down his spine and was about to ask the restaurant to adjust the air conditioning when he saw Joe. 
Was Joe the one giving him that icy glare? 
“M–Mr. Martin…” Paul stammered. Had he done something wrong? He had made sure that Skylar had a fantastic day. 
Upon hearing Paul’s greeting, Skylar immediately looked up to see Joe. His expression was stern and cold, which was typical for him. 
The restaurant was cramped, crowded, and noisy. Skylar figured it must have made Joe uncomfortable. 
“Have you eaten?” she asked, 
Joe walked over and sat beside Skylar, but his demeanor was slightly tense. “No.” 
Paul sensed the tension and quickly said, “1… I just remembered I have some work to finish. Mr. Martin, I’ll skip dinner and head back to the hotel now.” 
Paul didn’t want to risk indigestion from the overwhelming tension. Judging by the murderous look Joe had given him earlier, he was clearly in a foul mood. 
Paul was practically tingling with anxiety. 
“Okay,” Joe agreed. 
With that, Paul swiftly made his exit, not wanting to be the third wheel or face Joe’s wrath any longer. 
Skylar couldn’t help but laugh at the sight of Paul scurrying away. Was Joe really that intimidating? 
“Did you have fun today?” Joe asked. 
“Yes, a lot! Mr. Ziegler did an awesome job planning, and we took so many photos, Skylar said between bites. She was famished after a long day of activities. 
Joe glanced at the dishes on the table. They appeared plain and unremarkable, but Skylar seemed to enjoy them. 
It seemed like Paul knew her taste well. Joe pursed his lips thoughtfully. 
“The chicken is really tender. You should try it,” Skylar said. She noticed that Joe hadn’t eaten much and recommended her favorite dish of the evening. 
Some of the iciness in Joe’s demeanor melted away as he picked up his cutlery and took a bite. The flavor was decent. 
“I’m not very hungry. You go ahead and eat. I’ll wait for you.” 
Skylar nodded and resumed eating. Joe seemed a bit off today. 
She glanced at the modestly presented dishes. They tasted surprisingly good, even if they weren’t 
something she’d craved every day. 
While Skylar enjoyed her meal, Joe picked up the camera Paul had left behind and started scrolling through the photos. 
Seeing how Skylar looked radiant–almost like a fairy in the pictures–softened his expression. However, his tongue pressed against the roof of his mouth in contemplation. 
###chapter324
“Mr. Ziegler’s photography skills are on par with a professional’s. We’ve already planned tomorrow’s itinerary. 
“He mentioned a grove of coconut trees that’s supposed to be stunning for photos. I’m so excited for it,” Skylar said as she noticed Joe browsing through the camera. 
Joe raised an eyebrow. So, they’d planned everything without him? The itinerary sounded delightful, and the photos were excellent, but he’d clearly been excluded. 
“You…is something bothering you?” Skylar asked, puzzled by Joe’s stern expression. 
Joe’s voice was cold and distant. “Nothing.” 
Skylar didn’t press further and remained silent. For now, enjoying the meal seemed more important than solving any of the mysteries. 
20 minutes later, they finished dinner and got into an MPV. Joe was unusually silent during the ride, and Skylar wisely chose not to initiate conversation. 
She needed to catch up on her Amazon orders, especially those left unhandled from the previous night.. But halfway through, she felt a sharp pain in her stomach. Sweat beaded on her forehead. 
Joe noticed her unease immediately. “Are you feeling unwell?” 
“My stomach hurts… I need to use the restroom,” Skylar’s voice trembled with pain. 
1200 
was, she 
She couldn’t discern whether it was food poisoning or traveler’s diarrhea. But whatever it w desperately needed a bathroom. 
Joe instructed the driver to stop at a nearby hotel and quickly booked a room. Skylar rushed to the bathroom and couldn’t get up for half an hour. 
When she finally got out of the bathroom, her face was pale, and she looked utterly drained. 
“Let’s go to the hospital,” Joe said while supporting Skylar. He had already called ahead to inform the hospital that they were coming. 
Skylar nodded weakly, feeling feverish and light–headed. 
An hour later, Skylar was lying in a hospital bed, receiving an IV drip. Her fever and stomach issues left 
her in a daze. 
Seeing Joe by her side, she felt a pang of guilt. “I’ll be fine on my own. It’s already 11:00 pm. You should go back to the hotel and rest Skylar murmured. 
Joe looked at her intently, as if assessing something. 
“No need. I can rest here.” His voice was cold, but his actions were surprisingly heartwarming. 
212 
He settled into a small couch, his long legs awkwardly fitting into the space. Though this hospital was one of the best in Korel City, it still lacked amenities. 
“Thank you,” Skylar whispered. 
Skylar didn’t have the energy to say anything more. She thought to herself that she would repay his kindness by caring for him if he ever got sick in the future. 
As she drifted into a fitful sleep, she heard Joe taking a phone call outside. He was probably being 
mindful not to disturb her. 
###chapter325
In the faint distance, Skylar seemed to hear Joe say, “It’s not me; it’s my wife. Don’t worry, she’s resting. Come tomorrow instead.” 
As she drifted off, Joe’s mention of “wife” made her heart skip a beat. 
Joe returned to the ward after ending the call. 
He frowned deeply when he saw that Skylar’s face was still drained of color, even though she’d been on an IV for over half an hour. Why was she still so ghostly pale? 
He stepped out again to get a doctor. “Her condition doesn’t look good. Get the head physician over here, 
he instructed promptly. 
The doctor on shift hurried to get the head physician, who quickly checked on Skylar. 
Finding Skylar deeply asleep with stable vital signs, he reassured Joe, “Her condition isn’t too severe. She’s already receiving fluids now. 
“By tomorrow morning, she should be ready to leave the hospital. It’s likely just traveler’s diarrhea and some indigestion issues. She should bounce back with proper rest and diet.” 
Joe frowned. Although the head physician said everything was fine, he didn’t see Skylar’s condition improving 
“Shouldn’t we run some more tests?” he asked. 
The head physician sighed lightly. “It’s not necessary for now. Rest is what the patient needs most right now. With enough rest, she should recover quickly.” 
Just then, Paul rushed over in a panic. He stood hesitantly at the door, especially after seeing Joe’s serious expression while talking to the doctor. 
Paul was in great dismay. He had eaten at that restaurant many times before and had never heard of anyone getting diarrhea. Today, even though they had eaten some food outside, it was all very common. 
After the doctor left, Joe glanced at Paul, who was standing outside the ward. 
Paul’s heart raced even faster. “Is Ms. Sullivan okay? Did the doctor say what caused her fever and diarrhea?” 
“Traveler’s diarrhea combined with acute gastroenteritis,” Joe replied gravely. 
“Is it that serious?” Paul widened his eyes and peered inside. After seeing Skylar’s pale face, he felt regretful. “I should have planned a lighter schedule for today.” 
Joe raised an eyebrow and glanced at Paul. “You have good photography skills. Did you study it before?” 
Paul was honest. “I learned it before to impress my girlfriend in college. She loved taking pictures.” 
“You’re talented. Just don’t take any more pictures.” Joe’s voice had a slight edge to it. 
Paul’s eyes widened as he realized in hindsight that Joe was jealous. 
“If the boss says no more pictures, then no more!” he quickly assured. 
Joe waved him off. “Go.” 
“Got it!” Paul felt fortunate that Joe hadn’t blamed Skylar’s illness on him. He wouldn’t have known how to explain it otherwise. 
After Paul left, Joe leaned back on the couch with his gaze settled on Skylar. 
She slept deeply, even when the doctor or Joe approached. Although usually resilient, she now seemed fragile and vulnerable. It evoked his sympathy. 
Suddenly, Skylar’s phone rang. Joe walked over and picked it up. He raised an eyebrow as he saw an unknown number without a name or ID. 
Then, he stepped outside and answered the call. 
“Skylar! If you don’t come back right now, don’t blame me for disregarding our sibling bond! Do you can escape? 
you think 
“It’s not too late if you come back now. So get back now, or I’ll make sure you regret it! Otherwise, don’t blame me for being ruthless, even to my own sister!” 
Samuel’s threatening words came through loud and clear. Joe could even feel Samuel’s arrogance piercing through the phone. 
“What are you planning to do to Skylar?” Joe’s voice was cold with a chilling edge. 
Did the Williams family still have the energy to do so much now? 
“Who are you? The boy toy Skylar found?” Samuel asked. 
###chapter326
Samuel speculated that Skylar had started avoiding his calls now and made her boy toy answer. 
But from what Samuel heard through the phone, the man’s volce didn’t sound like it belonged to a boy toy. It held enough authority to make Samuel’s heart skip a beat when he was questioned. 
“Tell me, what do you intend to do with Skylar?” Joe’s voice grew colder and more intense. 
Samuel frowned. He couldn’t help but admit that this boy toy was good at playing tough despite his charm with women. 
With brimming arrogance, Samuel replied, “I have a hundred ways to make her kneel before us. I suggest you leave her quickly 
“What can you do when she runs out of money to keep you? Aren’t people like you just after money? Leave now and give her the phone so I can talk to her.” 
These men who lived off women sure had guts! 
“Which brother of hers are you?” Joe asked. 
“I’m her third brother! At home, she fears me the most and has to listen to me. Let me tell you, she does 
everything I want at home to please me. 
“But no matter what she does, I find fault with it! I just can’t stand the sight of her.” Samuel took the 
chance to vent his emotions. 
Their family was in turmoil now, but not only was Skylar keeping a boy toy around, but she was also living so luxuriously. Skylar didn’t deserve it at all! 
Earlier, Skylar’s life had revolved around the Williams family, but now that they were in trouble, she kept 
her distance. 
Samuel had expected the phone to be handed over to Skylar, but instead, he was hung up on. When he tried calling back, he couldn’t get through. 
Outside the ward, Joe called Paul. “Find out who Skylar’s third brother in the Williams family is.” 
A few minutes later, Paul called back. 
“I’ve got the details. Ms. Sullivan’s third brother is Samuel Williams, a celebrity in the entertainment industry. His acting skills are average, though, and he pales in comparison to Charles from the Sullivan family,” Paul reported. 
Joe was about to light a cigarette but remembered he was in a hospital and dropped the idea. 
His voice turned icy. “Make sure he can’t stay in the entertainment industry.” 
“Got it. I’ll handle it right away!” Paul’s spirits lifted. 
Had Samuel done something to anger Joe? Otherwise, Joe wouldn’t have issued such an order. Samuel 
Chapte 326 
was really asking for trouble! 
“Also, find out what’s currently going on with the Williams family.” 
“Alright!” 
A few minutes later, Paul reported, “Mr. Martin, Mrs. Williams was in a car accident, and both her legs were amputated.” 
Williams Group was on the brink of collapse, and now this had happened. Who knew what trouble might. arise in the future if they found out that Joe and Skylar were actually married? 
But while others might be intimidated, Joe wouldn’t. The problem lay with the Williams family. 
Joe raised an eyebrow and leaned against the door while looking into Skylar’s ward. 
Skylar must’ve known about the incident, yet she hadn’t said a word to him. 
She hardly ever mentioned how the Williams family treated her. If it hadn’t been for that call just now, Joe. might never have known what she had endured in the Williams family. 
Chapte 327 
###chapter327
Janine was on the night shift at the hotel when Maisy called. She had mixed feelings toward Maisy. 
“Mom, it was my fault. I regret leaving home after saying those things. I shouldn’t have been so impulsive, “Maisy admitted. 
Despite Maisy’s contrite words, Janine had started to distrust her. 
Janine’s response was cool and measured. “Realizing your mistake is a good start. You can’t rush with things. Time will tell.” 
After all, people’s true nature revealed itself over time. 
Maisy rolled her eyes in impatience. What did time have to do with anything? 
“Mom, something happened with the Williams family. I’m scared and lost. I don’t know who to talk to. I don’t know what to do…” Maisy’s voice cracked with helplessness as she sobbed. 
Janine sighed. “What happened?” 
Janine wasn’t too surprised. With the Williamses‘ demeanor, trouble was bound to happen. 
After some contemplation, Maisy said, “My mom was in a serious car accident. She had both legs amputated. Now she’s bedridden.” 
Janine was taken aback “Such a serious accident?” 
“Yeah, she’s been in denial ever since her surgery. We’re devastated. Skylar went to the hospital that day. but then left. Mom really wants to see her, but we can’t reach her. 
“Mom, can you please help us contact her and ask her to come to the hospital?” Malsy pleaded. 
Maisy’s motives became clear–since no one else could reach Skylar, she was sure Janine could help. 
She understood she needed to get Janine’s support to convince Skylar to delete the video so she could stop threatening her. 
Janine frowned. “Skye has been busy these days. Besides, this is Skye’s matter. I can’t help you convey anything. You should contact Skye yourselves.” 
In Janine’s eyes, Skylar was so kind–hearted. She wouldn’t have distanced herself from the Williams family without a good reason or some unknown issue. 
Though Janine wasn’t too overly perceptive, her eyes were keen. She couldn’t just stand by and let the Williams family mistreat Skylar. 
Maisy had never expected Janine to outright refuse her request. 
Fuming, Malsy said, “Skylar refuses to answer any of our calls. She blocked us all.” 
“There must be a reason why she blocked all of you guys. You must have hurt her deeply, which made her pull away. 
“With all of you around Mrs. Williams, she probably doesn’t need Skye. If she truly valued Skye, she wouldn’t have let her move out,” Janine reasoned firmly. 
Maisy felt even more frustrated. “Mom, we need her. We hope she can come and take care of my mom She can’t be left alone for 24 hours a day. 
“You guys can take shifts and hire a caretaker. You don’t necessarily need Skye. Plus, she just started her job and is steadily rising. She doesn’t have time to sit in the hospital. 
“It sounds like you guys wanted to look for Skye because no one wants to care for Mrs. Williams now. Janine sensed the Williams family’s intentions from Maisy’s words. 
The Williamses were selfish leeches. Maisy wouldn’t have called her if they didn’t have ulterior motives. And if they truly knew they were wrong, they wouldn’t have waited until today to apologize. 
Under the cover of night, Janine remained clear–headed and saw things for what they were. 
Seeing Janine articulate her thoughts so clearly infuriated Maisy. She wanted to lash out in rage, but instead took a deep breath. 
“Mom, you’ve got us wrong. We’re not asking Skylar to take care of her. We just need Skylar to come and keep Mom company. Especially now, Mom needs family support after her surgery.” 
“I still have a lot of work to do. There’s no point in you coming to me about this,” Janine replied. 
Janine didn’t want to entertain Maisy’s explanation anymore and hung up the phone. 
###chapter328
Skylar had informed the Sullivans before her trip to Korel City. So, Janine wanted her to enjoy herself out there without worrying. 
Skylar woke up just as dawn was breaking. After a night’s rest and the IV fluid administration, her fever had subsided, and the upset stomach had settled. But she still felt weak overall. 
Joe lay on the couch, eyes closed with a frown. Sleeping like that couldn’t have been comfortable. 
Knowing he had stayed up with her all night made Skylar feel a bit apologetic. Last night, she’d been delirious with a fever, she must have looked terrifying. 
Now, though, she needed to use the bathroom. 
Skylar slipped out of bed quietly. As soon as her feet touched the floor, she almost collapsed. 
Thinking back, she realized she seemed to have fallen sick two or three times since her marriage with Joe. It was more often than any other year. 
Skylar felt a bit frustrated as she slowly walked to the bathroom in the ward. 
Just as she reached for the bathroom door’s handle, Joe’s voice came from behind her. “Did you just wake up?” 
Skylar turned to face him. 
Joe was staring at her from the couch. His eyes were devoid of the usual drowsiness one would expect 
upon waking. Instead, they bore a coldness and an intimidating air that he seemed oblivious to. 
Skylar nodded stiffly under his gaze. “Yeah, I just woke up. Thanks for last night… um… I need to 
bathroom first.” 
use the 
“Want me to help you?” he offered, getting up. 
Skylar’s fair face flushed instantly. “No need! I’ve got it. I can manage.” 
She feared she might never be able to relieve herself if Joe really helped her to the bathroom. 
Watching Skylar hurry into the bathroom, Joe felt some of his drowsiness fade. She seemed much better 
now. 
Skylar spent more than ten minutes in the bathroom. It was an unbearable sight as she stared at her pale, haggard reflection in the mirror. 
Just 
a bout of gastroenteritis had made her look as if she had fought through a serious illness. 
As Skylar came out of the bathroom, Paul happened to reach the room. 
The room was filled with the comforting scent of chicken soup. After being sick all night, the aroma made Skylar hungry. 
200 
“I picked this up on my way here. It’s from a five–star hotel, so I’m sure it’s clean and nutritious, Paul sald quickly as Skylar stepped out of the bathroom. 
He stole a glance at Joe’s reaction and apologized to Skylar with a slight blush. “I’m sorry, Ms. Sullivan, I didn’t expect the food from that restaurant would cause diarrhea. It’s my fault.” 
“It’s not your fault. It’s my body’s issue. I’ve never traveled before, and it’s natural to have some trouble adjusting the first time out. I’m fine now, more or less,” Skylar replied. 
Skylar hadn’t thought of blaming Paul at all. Her body had been weak ever since the frequent blood 
donations. 
Although her health had improved a lot during this period, she had overlooked the changes in diet away 
from home. 
If she had prepared medicine in advance and eaten less, things wouldn’t have escalated this much. It was 
her own fault for overeating. 
Paul breathed a sigh of relief upon realizing that Skylar didn’t blame him. 
After their conversation, Joe approached. “The doctor said your current condition only allows you to have some chicken soup. You shouldn’t eat anything else.” 
“Okay!” Skylar nodded obediently. She had to listen to the doctor’s advice. 
a smile as hou 
Joe’s eyes softened with Skylar behaving like a model student. She looked 
endearing. 
###chapter329
Joe’s tone softened involuntarily. “Go ahead and eat first.” 
“Okay.” 
Skylar settled onto the hospital bed while eyeing the chicken soup hungrily. “Let’s eat together.” 
Pau brought coffee and a sandwich for Joe since he had already eaten breakfast at the hotel. The ward was quiet, with only the faint sound of Skylar and Joe eating. 
Ten minutes passed, and Skylar had already finished the entire bowl of chicken soup. 
Suddenly, there was a knock on the door. Thinking it was the doctor, Skylar was taken aback when a woman in a hospital gown appeared. 
The woman looked around her age. But she was a bit slender, with the hospital gown hanging loosely on her. She had a pretty and endearing look, with pure, sparkling eyes that immediately evoked sympathy. 
The woman seemed like a pure and lovely person. 
“Ms. Scott!” Paul exclaimed, clearly surprised to see Jenny Scott. 
He glanced at Joe, who seemed unfazed, almost as if he had expected Jenny Scott’s arrival.. 
“Are you guys having breakfast? I hope I’m not interrupting,” Jenny asked cautiously. 
Joe replied calmly, “Not at all.” 
Skylar glanced at Joe, then at Jenny standing at the door. 
Suddenly, a gut feeling told her that Jenny might be Joe’s type. She remembered hearing a gentle voice on the phone–it had probably beenJenny. 
“I’m Jenny Scott, Joe’s godsister. Joe mentioned you to me before. And now that you two are married, can I call you Skye?” Jenny smiled warmly as she addressed Skylar. 
Skylar smiled and nodded, “Of course.” 
Godsister? She hadn’t heard Joe mention Jenny before. 
“Skye, you’re the most gorgeous woman I’ve seen among all the women’I’ve met!” Jenny gazed at Skylar’s 
face, somewhat mesmerized. 
Skylar’s beauty was striking. Her looks were absolutely stunning yet intimidating, which could easily make 
others feel inferior. 
Jenny pursed her lips. 
Skylar often received compliments on her looks, but hearing one from another beauty made her smile even wider. “You’re really pretty too,” she replied. 
Jenny’s eyes crinkled with a smile. “Thank you. I heard from Joe yesterday that you had gastroenteritis 
and a fever. How are you feeling now?” 
“I feel much better now. No symptoms at the moment,” Skylar replied with a smile. 
“That’s good to hear. Just take it easy.” Jenny then glanced at Joe and noticed the slight redness in his eyes. Concerned, she asked, “Did you not sleep last night, Joe? Your eyes look red. Do you need to rest now?” 
Joe’s gaze softened. “I slept a few hours. It’s not a big deal.” 
Skylar watched their interaction, and it seemed like they were siblings, but not quite. She’d never seen 
Joe so gentle with other women before. 
Previously, Annie had claimed to have known Joe for many years, which should have made them familiar, but Joe had always been distant and cold toward her. 
It was clear that Joe didn’t hold much regard for anyone and wasn’t particularly enthusiastic about 
matters of love and romance. 
Yet with Jenny, he appeared relaxed and gentle. 
Skylar took a sip of water from her cup. She convinced herself that Joe’s private life was none of her concern, and she shouldn’t let unnecessary curiosity get the better of her. 
“I have 
mask in my room for relaxation. I’ll go get it for you. Joe, you really need to pay more. a great eye attention to your insomnia issues,” Jenny said seriously with a frown. 
###chapter330
Jenny’s words held a subtle hint of reproach as she expressed dissatisfaction at Joe’s lack of self– care. 
Meanwhile, Skylar quietly took a sip of her water. 
At the mention of “insomnia“, Paul immediately directed his gaze at Skylar. Lately, Joe’s sleep issues had improved notably, thanks to Skylar. But it seemed like Joe hadn’t mentioned this to Jenny before. 
Yet, Paul sensed an unspoken distance between Joe and Skylar brought about by Jenny’s presence. 
After Jenny spoke a few more words, she looked somewhat weary. So, Joe accompanied her back to her ward, leaving Paul behind to look after Skylar. 
“Um… Ms. Scott and Mr. Martin, they grew up together, and…” Paul felt compelled to clarify Joe and 
Jenny’s relationship to prevent any misunderstandings for Skylar. 
Skylar then learned about their relationship from Paul’s explanation. 
Jenny was Joe’s nanny’s daughter. An accident had taken Jenny’s mother’s life while she’d been protecting Joe, after which he’d took full responsibility for Jenny. 
Jenny had come to Korel City three years ago to further her studies, claiming that she was drawn to its 
romantic charm. 
Jenny had been admitted to the hospital a few days ago because she was feeling unwell. After that, she had been diagnosed with heart issues and needed surgery in the next couple of days. 
Thus, Joe had rushed over from Jipsburg City for her surgery. 
Paul emphasized their sibling–like bond, with Joe caring for Jenny as if she were his own sister. 
After Jenny’s mother had passed away that year, Gloria had actually reached out to Jenny’s other relatives. But they had declined to take her in, leaving Gloria to raise her. 
Skylar smiled after grasping the situation. She said, “I see.” 
“Yeah, that’s the gist of it. So Mr. Martin was just concerned about Ms. Scott’s health. The surgery’s probably scheduled for tomorrow,” Paul added. 
Skylar nodded. Having eaten breakfast and regained some strength, she felt revitalized. 
“Mr. Zeigler, could you check with the doctor if I can be discharged now? It’s just a stomach issue, and I don’t want to tie up a bed in a busy ward.” 
“Sure, I’ll go find out,” Paul replied. 
Once Paul left, Skylar found herself alone in the room. She then headed to the bathroom to freshen up. Upon returning, she was surprised to find Joe back so soon and already seated on the couch. 
“I had Mr. Zeigler check with the doctor. If everything’s okay, I’d like to be discharged,” Skylar said with a smile. 
Joe sensed a slight distance from Skylar and asked, “About Jenny, I hadn’t mentioned her earlier. Would you like to know anything?” 
“Mr. Zeigler already filled me in. I understand Jenny’s relationship with you,” Skylar replied, smiling. 
Joe paused briefly, then nodded. “Alright. Today, you can rest at the hotel. Tomorrow- 
“I’ll manage on my own for tomorrow. I know Ms. Scott’s surgery has been scheduled for tomorrow, so you and Paul should be with her at the hospital,” Skylar said promptly. 
She 
had only met Jenny today, so it might make Jenny uncomfortable if she was there when the latter 
went in for the surgery tomorrow. 
Upon hearing Skylar’s words, Joe regarded her with a contemplative gaze. 
###chapter331
Joe’s expression remained unchanged as he replied, “Alright.” 
The next moment, Paul returned. “I just spoke with the doctor. You can be discharged. I’ve already picked up your medication.” 
After that, Skylar left the hospital and went back to the hotel. 
Originally, Joe had also gotten in the car with her, ready to return to the hotel to rest. But Jenny called and 
said she felt unwell. So, Joe returned to the hospital, and Paul was left in charge of taking Skylar back. 
It took about 20 minutes to reach the hotel. After dropping Skylar off, Paul rushed back to the hospital. It 
seemed that Jenny’s condition might be urgent.. 
Skylar then took a shower and laid down to rest. She pulled out her phone to chat with Natalie. 
Ever since that night, Natalie had been unusually quiet over the past couple of days. 
Now that Skylar had time to settle down, she realized something seemed off with Natalie. Natalie would 
usually call or text the next day if she was with Jeremy. 
Skylar sent a photo she had taken in the hospital to Natalie and wrote, “Who knew that I’d end up in the hospital with gastritis on this trip?” She then added a crying emoji. 
Within a minute, Natalie called her. “What’s going on with you? I don’t remember you ever being in such bad shape. We used to eat and drink recklessly together, yet you never had stomach issues. How did you end up with gastritis in Korel City?” 
Natalie had probably thought of the mistreatment Skylar had faced in the Williamses and continued, “I was against you donating blood to Maisy from the start. Every time I see her, I get uncomfortable. 
“She’s a manipulative bitch. But you’d just returned to the Williamses and wanted to get along with them, so I couldn’t stop you. Now, I regret it so much. I should’ve stopped you then.” 
Skylar laughed and said, “I regret it too. At that time, I was too foolish to believe the Williamses would appreciate my sacrifice. In the end, it was all for nothing.” 
“Forget it. It’s not too late to realize that now. By the way, how’s it going? Any romantic encounters? 
“With your looks, men should be lining up for you. Elliot asked about you the other day. He seems to have fallen for you at first sight. Interested?” Natalie suggested, turning into a matchmaker. 
Hearing Natalie’s usual cheerful tone, Skylar felt relieved. “There is no need for romantic encounters. I’m a married woman and need to stay faithful. Besides, romance isn’t really my thing.” Skylar said calmly. 
Now, Skylar’s relationship with Joe was just right. They satisfied each other physically, their marital relationship was respectful, and they usually didn’t interfere with each other’s work, 
If Joe ever wanted a divorce one day, she could walk away without pain. Skylar believed Joe probably felt 
the same way. 
For once, Natalie didn’t argue with Skylar about romance. Instead, she sighed and said, “Married? Are you still caught up in the act? Are you seriously telling me that Joe Martin’s your husband?” 
“I’d never lie to you. Joe Martin really is my husband,” Skylar replied. 
“If he’s really your husband, I’ll go to a bar and do a pole dance!” Natalie exclaimed. 
“You don’t have to go that far…” 
“If you can marry Joe, why can’t I do a pole dance?” 
“If Mr. Hughes finds out you’re doing a pole dance, he’ll probably lock you up at home.” Skylar recalled the last time Jeremy had picked up a drunk Natalie at the bar. He’d looked scary at that time. He might’ve strictly forbidden Natalie from going to a bar again. 
Natalie paused for a few seconds and then said, “I don’t care. No one can stop me from doing what I 
want.” 
Since they were separated by a phone and were hundreds of miles away, Skylar didn’t sense the slight 
unease in Natalie’s tone. 
###chapter332
After ending the call, Natalie opened her WhatsApp chat with Jeremy. Their last conversation had been 
two days ago, 
That night, she’d been chatting with Skylar when Jeremy had sent a message. He’d said that he wouldn’t be home these days because of a busy schedule at work. 
Natalie had wanted to call and remind Jeremy to take better care of his health. But Annabelle had answered and simply said Jeremy had been busy. 
Natalie had had a premonition then that Jeremy was becoming tired of her. Plagued by that thought, she hadn’t been able to sleep all night. 
This time, she didn’t initiate contact with him again. And he hadn’t sent a single message in two days. 
Natalie was a carefree person, but she could feel the distance between her and Jeremy. 
She couldn’t understand it. They hadn’t been married for long. So why was Jeremy losing patience with her and growing distant? She didn’t tell Skylar because she didn’t want to affect the latter’s mood while she was on a trip. 
Standing in front of the mirror, Natalie looked at her weary and listless self. She took a deep breath and said, “Jeremy Hughes, if you’re not interested in me anymore, just tell me. I won’t cling to you. Am I the kind of woman who can’t let go?” 
After questioning herself in the mirror, Natalie felt a tightness in her chest. “Maybe I’m overthinking it. There really is a lot going on at the company. 
“Plus, Jeremy manages the company alone. It’s tough being at the top.” She began to reassure herself in 
her mind. 
Even Eleanor Johnson, Jeremy’s mother, had been saying Jeremy was too busy with work lately and asked Natalie to be more understanding. Kate had also told her not to expect Jeremy to accompany her often. 
Natalie glanced at her phone and reviewed their chat history over the past month or two. Each conversation seemed shorter than the last. Even their video calls weren’t as frequent or as long as before. 
Was she really just overthinking? 
Natalie gripped her phone tightly. This time, she wanted to see when Jeremy would think of her. 
Sadie gradually accepted the truth about her legs being amputated. However, she still had occasional emotional breakdowns. 
It felt like torture–lying in bed and being unable to move. Sadle looked at the chicken soup she had been drinking for the past few days. Suddenly, she lost it, threw the soup toward Maisy, and slapped her. 
“Mom, you….” 
“Are you doing this on purpose? You bought me such disgusting soup? Is this how you all treat me? 
“I’m lying in bed unable to move, so you feed me this nauseating stuff? Don’t you ever think to change it up for me?” Sadie complained. 
They were clearly looking down on her as a disabled person. They didn’t care for her at all. Sadie could 
see it. 
Kenny, who was standing nearby, reacted quickly and rushed over to protect Maisy. He looked down at Maisy’s red and pained face and frowned as he criticized Sadie, “Mom, how could you hit Maisy? She’s 
been taking good care of you. 
“The doctor said you can’t eat as you wish. Maisy has nothing to do with it. We understand that you can’t adapt to the fact that you lost both legs.. 
“But you have to understand us as well. We’ve been taking care of you in the hospital all day long, and we’re tired, okay?” 
Maisy’s eyes turned red, and her cheek stung. She felt a chill in her heart. 
Sadie was not her biological mother. Before, Sadie could pretend to have a good mother–daughter relationship with her. But now, she didn’t even bother to pretend. 
“I’m your mother, both of you, I worked hard to raise you. Now that I’ve been in a car accident and need care, do you think you’re being dedicated enough? 
“Speak from your conscience–are you dedicated?” Sadie’s eyes were red with emotion. 
###chapter333
Although Sadie had lost her legs, she still had eyes. She could clearly see how they had been treating her these past few days. They did stay in the hospital to take care of her, but they were always frowning. 
If Sadle needed help with using the bathroom, they’d show their disgust. If she said her legs hurt, they’d say all amputees feel pain. Then, they’d ask her to just endure it and be considerate of them. 
“Mom, we’ve been dedicated. We’ve put aside other things and work to focus on taking care of you in the hospital. How is that not being dedicated? 
*One must act with a clear conscience and we are doing that. You’re the one who has been too irritable and sensitive these past few days,” Kenny said with a frown. 
Maisy gently tugged on Kenny’s arm. “Kenny, don’t say that. Mom is in a bad mood right now, and we need to understand. She doesn’t want to be like this either. It’s my fault. I should’ve gotten a different 
soup today.” 
Sadie was already a patient, and the doctor had advised against eating indiscriminately. The soup had been sent over by the hotel at Maisy’s request. Despite her dedication, Sadie was still overly critical. 
“Maisy, you’re so understanding,” Kenny said, looking at her tenderly. In his eyes, Maisy was like a pitiful, bullied young woman, while Sadie had become the evil stepmom. 
As Sadie listened to their conversation, she suddenly remembered something. Her face grew paler. 
They…. 
This scene felt familiar. 
Skylar had been lying in the hotel for most of the day. After having lunch and taking her medicine, she felt 
rejuvenated. 
Joe had just sent her a message saying that Jenny’s surgery had been moved up to today. She replied 
and told him to stay at the hospital without worrying. 
There was a cinema next to the hotel, Bored from lying in the hotel all day, Skylar bought a movie ticket. She changed her clothes and headed over. 
The cinema was almost empty, probably because it was a weekday. 
Skylar watched a comedy. Besides her, there was only a couple. It was almost like having a private screening. Unfortunately, she couldn’t buy popcom since her stomach was still recovering. 
The couple was seated two rows in front of her. Within a few minutes of the movie starting, they were passionately kissing, completely ignoring her presence. 
Perhaps only those who were in true love and in throes of passion would kiss anytime, anywhere. 
For some reason, Skylar felt a bit down. The movie was trying too hard to be funny. Normally, she’d easily 
laugh. But now she didn’t find it funny at all, 
Finding it unbearable, Skylar left the cinema early. 
As she left, the couple finally noticed and exclaimed, “Oh, there was someone here! It wasn’t just us! She’s probably single and can’t stand us showing off our love.” 
Skylar was speechless when she heard that. 
After leaving the cinema, she checked the map and saw that the beach was nearby. She decided to walk there. She then found a quiet spot on the sand, sat down, and silently admired the ocean. 
Since her stomach wasn’t in the best shape, she didn’t dare try any water activities. 
Time seemed to stand still. 
Suddenly, a shadow appeared in her view. Skylar looked up and turned to see who was standing behind her. When she saw who it was, her face darkened. 
“Skye, we’re really meant to be together. Don’t you think so?” Christopher looked down at her with deep 
affection. 
Skylar’s expression turned cold. She didn’t hide her disgust for Christopher at all. “How did you know I 
was here?” 
###chapter334
Seeing the clear disgust in Skylar’s eyes, Christopher’s face stiffened for a moment. 
Before, he’d thought that she simply hated him for his infidelity. But now, Skylar was looking at him with pure hatred. That made him feel a stabbing pain in his heart. 
“I saw your Instagram post. The IP address indicated this location.” Skylar had blocked Christopher’s phone number. He’d wanted to look for her at Gardner Group, but she hadn’t been to work in days. 
The more she rejected him, the more he regretted it, and the more he couldn’t stop thinking about their past. It had been so beautiful. 
In high school, she’d been his whole world. But in college, he’d been exposed to many different people. Christopher had become infatuated with the socialite, Maisy, at that time, losing his way temporarily. 
After that, he didn’t know why he’d betrayed Skylar or why he’d taken her devotion to him for granted. Now, he regretted it deeply. 
Instagram post? Skylar suddenly recalled that she had carelessly posted on Instagram after a joyful night at the beach with Joe. 
She hadn’t expected Christopher to look at her Instagram posts. He was truly like a lingering ghost. 
I 
“Skye, I know you came to Korel City alone. I misunderstood you before, thinking you were with someone else. 
“It was narrow–minded of me to assume that because I did wrong, you would too. No one can replace 
what we had. 
“Please forgive me this time. I’ve come to realize my mistakes and will never hurt you again,” Christopher pleaded. His words were humble, and his eyes were filled with deep affection. 
He continued, “I’ve saved some money. It’ll be enough for us to leave Jipsburg City. If you like it here, we 
can live and work here. I’ll buy a house for us. 
“Skye, do you remember? Our dream was to have our own home–one you could decorate any way you 
wanted.” 
Skylar’s face showed no trace of emotion. There was only coldness in her eyes. 
Christopher panicked upon seeing that and brought up their past dreams. Back then, their wishes had 
been simple yet pure and beautiful. 
After listening to Christopher’s lengthy speech, Skylar found it amusing. Where did he get such confidence? 
The gentle sea breeze was making the beautiful place enjoyable, but Christopher had tainted it. 
“If you had come to reminisce a few months ago, I might’ve believed you. Unfortunately, Christopher, you’re filthy inside and out. When you cheated on me with Maisy, you should’ve
foreseen our end. 
“Stop wasting your energy trying to play the faithful lover in front of me. Use your brain to think when you’re foolish,” Skylar said. Her face was emotionless as she tore through Christopher’s facade. 
His face turned ashen. He immediately kneeled in front of Skylar as the hot sand burned his knees. He was really terrified of losing Skylar. 
“I cheated because Maisy seduced me. She made me lose myself. Everyone makes mistakes, but they’re 
different kinds of mistakes. 
“Skye, I only made one mistake. I’ve been regretting it every day. I slap myself as soon as I wake up and curse myself in the mirror for hurting you. Forgive me. I sincerely know that I was wrong. 
“If you don’t believe me, take out all your anger on me. Hit me! Hit my face! Only then will I feel better,” Christopher exclaimed. 
###chapter335
Christopher’s eyes filled with tears of remorse. His display of emotion caught the attention of the people nearby, and Skylar heard their discussions. 
“This handsome guy must be begging for forgiveness after making a mistake. If I were that lady, I’d 
forgive him. He’s even kneeling, showing he genuinely regrets it.” 
“Belated affection is worthless. If he’s crying like this, he must’ve done something unforgivable to her. He doesn’t deserve to be forgiven.” 
“Maybe he didn’t mean to make a mistake.” 
“There’s no such thing as an accidental mistake.” 
Skylar thought about how she had been blind before, and her expression gradually became indifferent. 
If she hadn’t been reborn and had discovered Christopher’s affair with Maisy before the accident, things might’ve been different. She wouldn’t have gone through humiliating and inhumane torment. 
Seeing Skylar’s sudden silence, Christopher’s heart lifted. She must be considering whether to forgive him. As long as she was considering it, there was hope. 
“Skye, I can give you everything–my savings, my bank cards, everything. From now on, I’ll obey whatever you say,” said Christopher. 
Skylar coldly watched Christopher’s display of humility. A man who could be this shameless truly had no 
limits. 
“Your money? You mean Maisy’s money, right? You must’ve felt proud watching the woman you loved get defiled. 
“Christopher Fowler, you’ve always only had eyes for yourself. You’ll stop at nothing to get what you 
want. 
Skylar brushed the sand off her body and stood up, looking down at Christopher, who was still kneeling. He owed her, and it wasn’t something that could be settled with just an apology. 
– 
Christopher was shocked. “You Skye… How did you know?” He suddenly remembered Maisy’s frantic call from a few days ago. She had hysterically questioned if he had given Skylar the video. 
He hadn’t thought much of it then since he’d assumed that Maisy was just being paranoid. But now it was clear–Skylar had seen the video, and Maisy knew she had. 
Skylar’s eyes were filled with disdain and disgust. 
Christopher’s eyes reddened as he tried to defend himself. “It’s Maisy who’s despicable. I didn’t know she could stoop that low. This isn’t the first time–she’s been secretly involved with many men. 
“You probably don’t know, but she’s even with Kenny now. She messes around with the man she calls her brother‘. She has no moral boundaries and seduces any man. Today it’s Kenny. Tomorrow it could be Peter, Samuel, or even Mr. Williams.” 
Skylar’s expression changed. Even though she knew Maisy was shameless, she hadn’t expected her to be this despicable. 
Maisy was in a relationship with Kenny? If Jeffrey and Sadie found out, the Williams family would be turned upside down. 
This was the “good family upbringing” Sadie had always bragged about. What a joke. 
However… 
“What does that have to do with me?” Skylar sneered at Christopher. Hearing these words from him only 
made her feel more disgusted and repulsed. 
“Skye, how can it not matter? The 
“Skye, how can it not matter? The Williamses treated you so poorly and constantly took you to the 
hospital to donate blood. Maisy treated you like a blood bank. 
“They did all that to you, and now their family is in chaos. It’s their karma,” Christopher quickly added. 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
###chapter336
Skylar looked at Christopher as if he were a madman. His behavior was utterly repulsive and revealed the ugliest side of human nature. “Christopher, you’re truly disgusting right now,” 
Christopher froze. “Skye, can’t we have a proper talk? I’ve come all this way to find you. Haven’t I shown my determination enough? I admit that I was wrong and truly regret it. 
“They say a reformed rake makes the best husband. Please, just calm down and take a good look at me.” 
In the past, Christopher would lower himself and beg for forgiveness whenever he made Skylar angry. Each time, she’d eventually forgive him. But now, he realized she had changed. 
Skylar stared at Christopher with icy eyes, then turned and walked away from the beach without a word. 
Seeing her leave so decisively, his eyes widened in disbelief. She was really leaving! 
Christopher anxiously stood up and chased after Skylar. “Don’t go! Babe, please don’t go!” he exclaimed. 
Skylar was utterly disgusted to hear him calling her “babe“. “Get lost. If you keep harassing me, I’ll call the police.” 
Christopher’s gaze suddenly fell on Skylar’s collarbone. He hadn’t noticed it earlier, even when he’d been standing or kneeling. But now, he saw a mark on her partially exposed collarbone. 
Having been intimate with Maisy, he recognized it immediately. 
His eyes widened in shock as he fixated on the mark on her collarbone. The more he looked, the more. alarmed he became. 
“What’s this? It’s a mosquito bite, right? Tell me it’s a mosquito bite!” he exclaimed. 
Skylar followed his gaze down to her collarbone. In her haste to go out today, she hadn’t noticed the mark. She was wearing a strappy, long dress that exposed her collarbone. 
Two nights ago, Joe had been particularly intense, leaving marks on her collarbone and waist. 
The dress she’d worn yesterday had covered it, but today she’d forgotten. She’d assumed the marks would fade overnight. 
Skylar felt a pang of annoyance at how Joe had turned into a beast in bed. 
“Is that any of your business?” Skylar replied coldly. In the past, she’d thought Christopher had been mentally unstable. Now, it was clear he had serious issues. 
Christopher’s eyes turned red. “How can it not matter? You’re not the kind of woman who’d degrade herself. This hickey must be from two days ago. Did you just find some random guy to indulge with? 
“You never let me touch you much when we were together. I respected you and agreed to wait until we were married. Now look at you. You let someone else sleep with you. How could you do this to me?” 
Despite having been with Skylar for so many years, Christopher had never had sex with her. He was a 
normal man, but he’d restrained himself out of love for her. 
“You preferred to sleep with someone else over me? Skylar, you’re so heartless! If you’d let me sleep with you earlier, I wouldn’t have been tempted by Maisy. My infidelity was largely your fault!” Christopher 
exclaimed. 
Then, a sharp slap landed on Christopher’s face. He held his cheek, feeling the sting of the blow. 
“Who I sleep with is none of your business. Follow me one more step, and I’ll call the police and charge. you with harassment,” Skylar said coldly. 
Christopher stood there in a daze, watching Skylar’s determined back as she walked away. 
He gritted his teeth. He wouldn’t give up. He’d never give up. Skylar belonged to him. 
In the hospital, several hours had passed. The surgery had been a great
###chapter337
Jenny was wheeled out of the operating room. She was still unconscious and was taken to the intensive 
care unit. 
Once it was confirmed that there were no complications post–surgery, she would be transferred to a regular ward. 
Joe instructed Paul to stay and watch over her. Then, he returned to the hotel from the hospital. 
As he stepped out of the car, he headed toward the hotel and spotted Skylar ahead of him. 
“Skylar,” Joe called out in a deep voice. 
Hearing someone call her name, Skylar immediately stopped and turned around to look at Joe. 
For a moment, she’d thought that it might be Christopher following her to the hotel. But it turned out to be 
Joe. 
Shouldn’t he be at the hospital? Had Jenny’s operation ended? 
“Shouldn’t you be resting at the hotel?” Joe asked. His tone was slightly reproachful at her disobedience. 
Hearing Joe’s questioning tone, Skylar felt like a child who’d been caught doing something wrong. She quickly put on an extremely bright smile, and her eyes curved with laughter. 
“I slept most of the day at the hotel and took some medicine. I found myself getting better. I’m completely fine now. My body is still quite resilient, so I went out for a walk.” 
“Resilient?” Joe raised an eyebrow, clearly unconvinced by her words. If her body was resilient, she wouldn’t have cried and pleaded with him to stop after just two times in bed. 
Skylar nodded vigorously. “Of course. I was the long–distance running champion back in school. I have excellent athletic abilities.” 
But her body had become weak after she’d returned to the Williamses and had to take care of Maisy. 
Her words apparently made no difference to Joe. Although his suspicion was obvious, Skylar didn’t care. 
He could think whatever he liked. 
After all, it wasn’t a bad thing for women to be a little weak. It was better than men being weak. 
“Let’s go back to the room.” Joe stepped forward and naturally embraced Skylar. 
Skylar was already accustomed to the intimacy between the two of them. Even when Joe hugged around her shoulders, she’d naturally lean against him. 
Even she didn’t realize that the habit had formed. Sometimes, it only took a few days for a habit to form. 
As soon as the two entered the hotel’s elevator, there was a stiff figure outside the hotel’s glass door Christopher clenched his hands tightly as his eyes filled with disbelief. 
That man… That man was Joe Martin! Skylar really was with another man, and it was Joe. 
Back in the hotel suite, Joe urged Skylar to take a shower as they finished dinner. Meanwhile, he went to 
shower in another room. 
The moment Skylar came out of the bathroom, Joe dragged her onto the bed. Having experienced it many times, Skylar understood what Joe wanted to do. 
“Exercising after eating causes indigestion. I haven’t completely recovered from gastritis. This will only make things worse,” said Skylar. 
Joe forcefully removed the bath towel, revealing his exceptional physique without any cover. His muscles were clearly defined. His entire being exuded an intense allure. 
Skylar stared at him wide–eyed. In the end, she cried out in a miserable voice, begging him to stop. 
Joe stopped, then hugged her and went to sleep contentedly. 
Skylar had slept during the day. Plus, it was only somewhere between 7:00 pm and 8:00 pm, which wasn’t her normal bedtime. Still, she was too tired and fell asleep as she listened to Joe’s steady breaths. 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>> 
###chapter338
In the hospital, Jenny found herself in the intensive care unit as soon as she woke up. However, there were only medical staff around. She felt disappointed. 
Early the next morning, Paul came to visit her. Seeing that it wasn’t Joe, Jenny felt a bit l?st and asked, 
Where’s Joe?” 
She had hoped that the first person she’d see after waking up from the surgery would be Joe. 
Hence, she felt disappointed not to see him. She’d had a major operation. She’d thought that Joe would 
be worried and stay by her side. 
But if he wasn’t at the hospital, it was very likely that he was with Skylar. 
Paul saw that Jenny was feeling down. He immediately said in a gentle voice, “Mr. Martin didn’t sleep much the night before. He spent the whole day at the hospital waiting for your surgery to end. 
“After confirming your surgery was successful, he went back to the hotel to rest. I’ll inform him that you’ve woken up shortly.” 
Hearing Paul’s explanation, Jenny felt relieved. Even though she was a bit weak, she still asked the question she’d been curious about. “Does Joe really like Skylar?” 
Over the years, so many people had tried to get close to him, but he’d rejected them all. He hadn’t gotten married all these years. Yet, he’d agreed to marry Skylar. 
Although it had been Gloria’s request, no one could force Joe if he didn’t want to do something himself. 
Jenny’s emotions fluctuated as she delved deeper into the whole situation. 
Paul paused for a moment. He didn’t realize it at first. But now, he sensed that Jenny might have feelings 
for Joe that extended beyond sibling affection. 
“Mr. Martin and Ms. Sullivan have a very good relationship,” he answered. 
Hearing that, Jenny felt a wave of sadness, and her eyes reddened. She didn’t want to say another word. 
After a few minutes, Paul walked out of the room. He messaged Joe, informing him that Jenny was 
awake. 
Paul glanced inside the ward. He could sense that Jenny was unhappy. Why had she developed these 
feelings for Joe? This wasn’t a good thing for him. 
At the hotel, Skylar was brushing her teeth and noticed that the hickey on her collarbone had become more pronounced. She was a bit annoyed by it. “Mr–Martin, can you stop marking my collarbone?” 
Almost all the dresses she had bought had spaghetti straps, leaving her collarbone exposed. Now, she couldn’t wear those dresses because of the hickey. 
She wanted to take beautiful pictures, but even a concealer couldn’t cover up the mark. 
Joe was brushing his teeth beside Skylar. Hearing her request, he glanced at her collarbone. 
Last night, in the heat of the moment, he’d kissed her there again. 
Seeing the previous marks had made him even more passionate, so he’d kissed the same spot again. It was as if the marks he left on her body signaled to others that this woman was taken. 
The thought of that made his throat itch, especially since she had asked in such a sweet tone. “It’s because you’re too tempting,” Joe said. He gulped as he suppressed his desire to make out with her. 
Listening to his excuse, Skylar’s face flushed. “It’s because you can’t control yourself. I’m not the one 
seducing you.” 
“When you tearfully call me ‘darling‘ in bed, both your expression and tone were alluring.” 
“That’s because you…” Skylar stopped mid–retort. It was ridiculous to be discussing this right after waking 
1. up. 
Joe raised an eyebrow as he smirked. “Because I what?” 
Skylar took a deep breath, unwilling to back down. “Because you keep pushing me. If you have the guts, stop making me call you ‘darling‘ during sex. 
“No. If you have the guts, stop sleeping in the same bed with me.” 
###chapter339
With that, Skylar stormed out of the bathroom, visibly upset. Just as she was leaving, she turned back and angrily shouted at Joe, “Men are real assholes once they’re off the bed!” 
Joe was somewhat taken aback by Skylar’s outburst. He hadn’t seen her so angry, let alone cursing. 
However, he wasn’t mad. He felt that Skylar was becoming more comfortable expressing her true emotions in front of him. 
This was the real her. And her authenticity made him want to pull her back to bed and hold her close. 
After having breakfast at the hotel, Skylar decided to accompany Joe to the hospital to visit Jenny. They got into the car without looking around or paying attention to anything else. 
Meanwhile, a disheveled and stubbly Christopher watched them leave the hotel together. Their interactions looked intimate. 
“Skylar, you rejected me because of him? When did you become so shallow? What kind of person is Joe? He’d never lacked women around him; he’s just playing with you.” Christopher’s eyes were filled with fury. 
He knew too well the hold Joe had over women. Ordinary people like them would seem insignificant in 
Joe’s presence. 
Christopher had been ensnared by Maisy because she was wealthy. She was the type of woman he 
couldn’t normally get close to. Hence, it had been easy for him to lose his rationality over her. 
He knew exactly what it was like to walk this path. Although it pained him to see Skylar going down the same road, he was determined to help her leave it behind. 
That’s right. He would find a chance to take Skylar away. 
This hotel would cost an arm and a leg. With limited funds, Christopher couldn’t afford to stay there. He had stayed in a small guesthouse the night before and planned to continue his stay there today. 
He wanted to wait for the right opportunity to take Skylar away. 
Hospitals always had the distinct smell of disinfectant. Skylar didn’t go into the intensive care unit. Instead, she stood by the window and observed the situation inside. 
Joe changed into sterilized clothing and entered the room. Whatever he said to Jenny seemed to make her very happy. 
Jenny had just finished her surgery and was still under close observation. But it seemed that she had. endless things to say, and they talked for a long time. 
When the visiting time ended, Jenny reluctantly let Joe go. He comforted her before walking out of the intensive care unit. Jenny turned her head to look at Skylar. 
Seeing Skylar’s stunning beauty, Jenny’s smile stiffened slightly. But she quickly and politely nodded at 
Skylar. Skylar responded with a smile. 
Joe then walked over to Skylar’s side, putting his arm around her. “Let’s go.” 
“What about here?” Skylar asked. 
“Leave it to Paul,” Christopher replied. 
“Okay.” 
Jenny watched as the couple embraced each other. She felt a pang in her chest. 
Was it due to the aftereffects of her surgery? Or was it due to the realization that Joe genuinely liked Skylar? Regardless, her heart felt undeniably uncomfortable. 
After leaving the hospital, Joe took Skylar on a boat to an island near Korel City. The island’s entertainment facilities and hotels were all properties of Martin Group. 
“Do you like diving?” Joe asked. 
eyes lit up 
Skylar’s eyes 
up 
with excitement. “I’ve never gone diving before, but I’d love to learn.” 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
###chapter340
Seeing Skylar showing interest, Joe smiled and said, “Alright.” 
Skylar looked at Joe, who appeared somewhat gentle. She drifted off slightly in thought. 
One had to admit that Joe was a charismatic man. Apart from his appearance, he excelled in all other aspects. Those who were cherished and loved by him would definitely be very happy. 
But Skylar knew she wouldn’t be the one he wanted to choose in his heart. So, she let the thought swirl in her mind for a moment. 
Then, Skylar Immediately joined Joe and several other coaches to learn how to scuba dive. 
She knew how to swim. Growing up in the countryside, she had followed her brothers up and down the mountains and swum with them. But she had never gone diving before. 
As she followed the coach’s Instructions step by step, Skylar felt her blood boil with excitement. She was sure she could do it. 
Before long, Skylar began diving with the coach’s guidance, and Joe was right beside her. 
As Skylar looked at the underwater world before her, she felt like she had entered a magical realm. Watching Joe at ease beside her, she truly envied him. He must dive often. 
Time passed without them realizing it. When Skylar surfaced and boarded the boat, she was still filled with excitement. “Joe, thank you! I’m really happy!” she exclaimed. 
Her gratitude came straight from the heart. Skylar genuinely appreciated Joe. If he hadn’t brought her here to dive, this wouldn’t have been part of her trip. 
Joe’s gaze lingered on her bright smile. She wasn’t wearing any makeup. But her face looked pure and fair, exuding a youthful charm. “As long as you’re happy. In the future, just come whenever you want,” Joe. said softly. 
“Okay.” Skylar nodded. 
They also did surfing and other activities aside from diving. Joe practically tried every entertainment facility with her. 
As they prepared to leave the island, Skylar couldn’t help but feel reluctant. “I was so engrossed in having fun that I forgot to take some photos,” she lamented. 
Joe looked at her, then magically produced a bag from behind him and handed it to her. “Take a look. inside.” 
Skylar was curious and surprised. She opened the bag and found a thick stack of photos inside. 
“Photos?” Were these postcards from the island? 
When she took out the photos and saw what was at the front, her eyes widened in disbelief. She looked at Joe. “These are the photos of us playing just now. When were these taken?” 
22 
Skylar must’ve been so focused on playing that she hadn’t noticed a photographer around. There was even a scene of her underwater diving. The happy moments seemed frozen in the photos. 
“Do you like them?” Joe asked. 
Skylar nodded repeatedly. “They’re amazing.” 
Joe smiled and said, “Such things are best left to professionals. ” 
Skylar was too focused on flipping through the photos. There were so many, and she wanted to savor each one slowly. Thus, she didn’t catch the underlying meaning in Joe’s words. 
“Quick, take a look too. You look so cool in this one! Joe, you’re even more handsome than a movie star!” Skylar exclaimed as she handed Joe the photo she picked out with him in it. Today’s Joe was a Joe she had never seen before. 
“Really? More handsome than your favorite actor, Austin Powell?” Joe asked. 
tou 
Skylar paused for a moment. She suddenly remembered the time she and Natalie had gone to visit Charles together. 
They’d seen Austin there. His acting skills were indeed top–notch in the entertainment industry. 
###chapter341
Under Natalie’s influence, Skylar had also watched movies or dramas that Austin had acted in. She wasn’t 
as much of a fan of him as Natalie was, but she was still a fan nonetheless. 
However, as much as that was true, she couldn’t bring herself to lie. To her… 
Gazing at Joe, she solemnly said, “Of course, I think you’re more handsome than him. Besides…” 
Her gaze quietly fell on his toned abdominal muscles and illac furrows. Immense power seemed to emanate from his defined muscles. 
is throat. 
“Besides?” Joe sensed where she was looking and felt a tightening sensation in his 
Skylar immediately looked away, blushing slightly. “Besides, you have a better figure than him.” 
She’d once watched a movie in which Austin had played the role of a killer. There had been scenes where he’d been shirtless 
It might be subjective, but she would’ve agreed with Natalie that Austin had a nice figure if she hadn’t seen Joe’s. 
Skylar blushed as she sincerely praised Jo 
Noticing that, Joe’s gaze became gentle. “I may not be able 
to hold back if you keep looking at me like that.” 
“Hold what back?” Skylar was stunned. 
Joe abruptly leaned forward. He whispered into her ears, “Hold back… the urge to bed you.” 
Skylar almost dropped the photos. 
Lately, she had come to understand how wild and domineering Joe was in bed. But there were others around, and they weren’t in the privacy of their room. 
He actually had the nerve to… How dared he say such things? 
“Joe!” she called out, displeased. 
Joe suddenly kissed her. After a passionate kiss, he spoke into her ear, his tone low and seductive. “You should call me that when we’re in bed. I like that.” 
Skylar was still out of breath as she glared at him. 
Joe arched an eyebrow at her. “Do you fancy it this way?” 
Skylar was rendered speechless. She didn’t fancy anything! 
After 
returning to the hotel, Joe received a call from Paul. It must be about Jenny. 
Skylar didn’t ask him about it. She first tidied up her belongings and put the photos in her luggage. Then, she checked her phone on the couch. 
Janine and the others were concerned about her safety in Korel City. They reminded her to look after 
herself during the trip. 
Steven, who knew her relationship with Joe, was the least worried. He merely told her to enjoy her stay and that he would introduce her to his girlfriend when she was back. 
“You should rest. I’m going to the hospital,” Joe told her after changing. 
*Sure.” Skylar nodded. Then, she continued, “It’s probably peak hour now. Be careful on the road.” 
Upon hearing that, Joe felt moved. His deep gaze fell on her. At that moment, he had the urge to hug her. 
Skylar noticed he was still at the door, staring at her. Puzzled, she asked, “What’s wrong?” 
Why was he behaving oddly? 
She had just looked at herself in the mirror when she’d gone to the bathroom. Besides being slightly. tanned from staying under the sun, she didn’t have anything on her face now, did she? 
* 
“It’s nothing. I may be back late tonight. You should go to bed first.” Joe withdrew his gaze and left after saying that. 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading 
###chapter342
surgery yesterday had 
At the hospital, the doctor in charge of Jenny explained her condition to Joe. The surgery 
been a success. 
However, Jenny was feeling downcast today for some reason. It was affecting her recovery after the 
surgery. 
“Usually, this happens when something is weighing on the patient’s mind. So, we need you to talk to her, 
Mr. Martin.” 
Joe then went to the intensive care unit. 
Initially, Jenny was sleeping. Probably sensing someone approaching, she opened her eyes. The moment 
she saw him, she thought she was dreaming. “Joe.” 
Was it really him? She thought he only had eyes for Skylar and wasn’t concerned about her. Her eyes 
reddened, and aggrievement filled her heart, 
Joe furrowed his brows silently when he saw her reddened eyes. “The doctor told me about your condition. Is something making you unhappy?” 
Jenny bit her lip and felt even more aggrieved. Her eyes reddened further. Still, she knew there were some 
things that she should keep to herself. 
She merely shook her head. “I’m just afraid that I won’t recover and will be a burden to you. Besides, I’m graduating soon. I’m worried it’ll be affected.” 
Joe consoled her. “You don’t have to worry about all those things. Your surgery was a success. Also, your college contacted me. Don’t worry, this won’t affect your graduation.” 
Jenny couldn’t help but weep. “Thanks, Joe.” 
“Focus on your recovery. You’ll be discharged in no time.” 
Jenny recalled the affection Joe had shown Skylar that morning and felt her chest tighten. She requested 
softly, “Can you keep me company, Joe?” 
“Sure. I’ll stay with you until visiting hours end,” Joe agreed. 
Upon getting what she wished for, the uneasiness Jenny felt dissipated. She must be irreplaceable to him. 
He would agree as long as she requested his company. 
“Are you going back to Jipsburg soon?” asked Jenny. 
He’d put aside his heavy workload just to accompany her through her surgery. Others could only wish for that to happen. Every second of his time was precious. 
At that thought, Jenny smiled sweetly. 
Joe nodded. “I’m going back two days later. Paul will handle everything else for you. Call him if anything’s 
1. up. 
He’d just asked Paul to book a flight back to Jipsburg City for himself and Skylar. 
On the boat ride, Skylar had said she was going back after two days. He’d thought about it and realized he could go back with her. 
Upon hearing that, Jenny pursed her lips. “Okay, I will look after myself. After I graduate, I’ll head back to Jipsburg. You won’t have to keep coming to Korel City, then. I can also take care of Grandma when I’m 
back.” 
At the mention of Gloria, Joe’s gaze softened: “Alright. Take good care of yourself.” 
Jenny noticed he appeared more refreshed today compared to yesterday. Smiling, she said, “It looks like you eyes aren’t bloodshot 
anymore. 
had a good rest, as I told you to. You seem to be in better condition today. Your “, “It looks like 
Joe was stunned. After the intimacy he and Skylar had shared in bed last night, he remembered sleeping through the night with Skylar in his arms. That had felt extremely refreshing. 
He knew he was sleeping better because he hugged Skylar while sleeping. 
“Indeed, I slept earlier last night and had a restful night.” As he remembered what it felt like to hug Skylar, his heart grew tender. Even his usually cold features seemed to glow gently. 
Jenny thought it was because of her that 
Could sleep well. “You should go to bed early after this. 
Health matters more than anything else. If you stay up at night every day, your body won’t be able to keep 
up.” 
###chapter343
Ever since Jenny had discovered that Joe suffered from insomnia, she’d done her best to persuade him 
to go to bed early. 
He used to listen to her, but after she’d started attending college in Korel City, no one had been there to 
monitor him 
His condition had always been quite severe. 
She decided to find a job in Jipsburg City after this. She could then monitor his sleep routine. 
Joe nodded. A little while later, the nurse reminded him that visiting hours were over. Jenny felt reluctant 
to see him leave. 
Nevertheless, her mood had lifted. She wanted to recover as soon as she could and graduate smoothly 
Then, she could return to Jipsburg! 
After leaving the intensive care unit, Joe told Paul, “Let’s head back to the hotel and rest. The caretaker 
will take over.” 
“Alright. I’ve bought the flight tickets,” replied Paul. 
Jenny’s condition wasn’t actually that severe. She didn’t have to go to Jipsburg for her surgery, which meant she’d exaggerated her condition when she’d called Joe several days ago. 
However, Paul couldn’t tell Joe all that. 
If he’d been able to notice that, naturally, Joe had as well. Otherwise, after making the necessary arrangements at the hospital, Joe wouldn’t have gone back to Skylar and only stayed when he was 
needed. 
Joe checked his watch. It was neither too late nor too early to return to the hotel. “Okay, let’s go.” 
Skylar didn’t go to bed early. After her shower, she lay on the bed as she managed her online orders. Somehow, she’d received many orders today. There were all sorts of appraisal requests. 
Shed even received one from a woman who’d needed her service before. The woman claimed she was 
pregnant before this. 
This time, there weren’t any weird/requests from her. Instead, she showed Skylar a painting, which was obviously an antique painting that was worth a fortune. 
The artistic conception it conveyed was especially mesmerizing. Those who laid eyes on it would easily be captivated by the utopia and happy family it portrayed. 
Those who lacked familial love, in particular, would change their perception of certain things after seeing 
The painting wasn’t the work of a typical artist, Judging from the bewitching properties it hid, it might be 
the artwork of gifted individuals from the Troflan era. 
This sort of painting should have already been destroyed a long time ago. It was surprising to know someone still owned one now, and it had ended up with that woman. 
22 
Skylar pitied the man whom that woman was interested in. It would be fine if he had strong determination and was fiercely loyal to his wife. Things would go wrong if he succumbed to temptation. 
“Is this painting truly an antique painting?” asked the woman. 
Skylar read the question. Frowning, she asked her back, “Why would you come to me to appraise this painting?” 
“Somehow, my gut tells me you won’t lie to me. Besides, I read the comments left by others under your account. There weren’t any bad reviews at all. Many well–known individuals have even commented that you have a good eye for this. 
“There’s only one thing I want to know–is this painting really an antique painting?” 
She probably understood that Skylar wasn’t the sort to play dirty, so her only request was fairly straightforward. 
Skylar lowered her gaze. Then, she affirmed the woman’s assumption. 
At that moment, someone knocked at the door. She was surprised. 
Was Joe already back so soon? He had the room card and could enter as he liked, right? Could he have forgotten to take the room card? 
Claim Bonus For Free
###chapter344
Puzzled, Skylar opened the door. At the same time, she asked, “Don’t you have the room card with you? 
However, she stopped talking abruptly. Instead, she asked, “It’s you? Christopher, how did you find me?” 
Christopher was in a black suit, the uniform worn by the hotel staff. His name was written on the name 
tag. 
His obsessed gaze lingered on Skylar. Then, it fell on the suite behind her–It was the most expensive suite in the hotel. At that moment, his eyes burned with envy. 
“Come with me! Babe, do you know Joe is just fooling around with you? The elite circle isn’t for you. The Martins are different from the Williamses. 
“Things are already complicated enough in the Williams family. It’ll only be worse in his family! Why would you want to be Joe’s plaything?” 
Christopher’s eyes were bloodshot. It was as though he was doing all he could to shake some sense into 
Skylar, 
“Christopher, you disgust me! You and I have nothing to do with each other. You won’t get anything by pestering me!” Skylar said coldly. 
Christopher became agitated. “You’re just a way to pass the time to him. Indeed, you can experience more things you never have the chance to through him, but that’s all. All of those things are out of your reach! They won’t ever belong to you. Do you understand me? 
“If this goes on, he’ll abandon you. It’ll be too late, even if you want to turn back then. 
“Look at me. I’m a good example. I thought Maisy was sincere about me, but alas! She was only fooling around with me and would never devote herself to me. 
“Come with me now, and I’ll let everything that has happened recently slide. As long as you’re inclined, we can go back to how we used to be. 
“Think about the times we had together. It was blissful then. We only had eyes for each other. 
“Now that we’ve experienced all the temptations, we won’t fall for the same tricks anymore. As long as you agree to let me take you away, we’ll get married right now and have children in the future. Happiness. 
is within our reach! 
“Wake up, Skylar. Let’s go now. Anyone may hurt you–even Joe is playing with your feelings–but I’m sincere! I swear you’ll be the only one for me, and I’ll be nice to you for the rest of my life! I vow to die a horrible death if I ever mistreat you!” 
Skylar’s face became colder as she listened to Christopher’s speech. Looking at him as though he were an idiot, she asked, “Done?” 
“Babe, there’s so much more I want to tell you, but I know I don’t have much time. Come with me, okay? I won’t hurt you, babe. Give me one last chance. I promise I won’t hurt you!” Christopher reached out to 
grab her hand. 
Skylar shoved him out. “Get out!” 
She was indifferent, and her eyes were filled with disdain. Her reaction sent a cold sensation washing over Christopher as his agitation went out like a blown candle. 
She couldn’t even be bothered to say anything else to him. 
With reddened eyes, Christopher asked. “Babe, do you really have the heart to see me sad?” 
Was he changing his approach now? Skylar was used to his tricks. In the past, he’d always deceived her 
like this. Everything he said was nonsense. 
Skylar used the hotel phone to call reception. “One of your staff members is harassing me. I’m taking this 
to court.” 
On the other end of the receiver, the staff was flustered. They quickly sent security to her room. 
Christopher’s eyes widened. “Are you really that cruel? So much so that you’re leaving me with no way 
out?” 
Skylar stared at him impassively. “You surprise me. To think that there’s actually someone who can get more shameless every time I see them.” 
Going red with anger, Christopher pointed at her. “You’re just someone who has been played with by Joe. Who else but me will truly care for you after this? 
“Instead of appreciating me, you’re being cold to me. You’ll regret this! You’ll definitely regret this!” 
###chapter345
The security came in a jiffy. They arrived just as Christopher had been about to fly off the handle. 
When they saw someone in the hotel staff uniform yelling at a guest, a cold sweat broke out all over them. 
Skylar said coldly, “I hope to hear a satisfactory explanation from your side. How did someone like this pass the evaluation to work here? I’ll make a police report after this,” 
The manager, Dave Dalton, who’d come with the security, wiped his sweat. He apologized humbly, “I truly apologize for our negligence. This man doesn’t seem to be one of our staff members. I’ll call the police now to investigate this incident. Please give us a chance to redeem ourselves.” 
ow dare you? 
Christopher’s face was a bright shade of red out of anger. “You’re calling the police? How You’re humiliating me! Do you hate me that much?” 
Hate? Skylar’s eyes were filled with frost as memories emerged in her mind. “Hate” couldn’t even start to describe how she felt toward Christopher, Maisy, and the rest. 
“What’s going on?” questioned a deep and imposing male voice. 
Everyone looked toward him. 
Joe had a pair of glasses on, which was a rare sight. It diminished the sternness in his eyes and brought out his aloof yet intellectual demeanor. 
However, even though some people were unintentionally imposing, they could send shivers running down others‘ spines with a mere look 
The moment Christopher saw him, he demanded in devastation, “Let Skylar go, Joe! She’s my girlfriend. There are so many women you can choose from or play with. Why must you steal my girlfriend?” 
The hotel staff stifled their breaths and dared not look at Joe. Two security guards held Christopher in 
firm grasp. 
Joe merely glanced at him, as though he were nothing but scum. Then, Joe looked at Skylar. Seeing that she was unharmed, he turned to Dave. “I want an explanation after you deal with this.” 
Dave paled. “Sure! Don’t worry, Mr. Martin. I’ll definitely take serious action.” 
“You! Joe Martin, you blatantly play with women just because you’re one of the Martins. If it weren’t for your family, do you think Skylar would sleep with you? I’m the one she likes. She’s just being fooled by you for now!” Out of anger, Christopher spoke without thinking it through. 
Joe looked at him condescendingly. He icily said, “Throw him out of here.” 
Because of his word choice, the security guards harshly dragged Christopher into the elevator. They even covered his mouth. 
Clapte, 345 
###chapter346
Christopher’s eyes reddened further. As the elevator doors closed, he could only watch as Joe hugged 
Skylar. 
The intimacy between them made him so outrageously envious. He felt like screaming out loud at the thought of Skylar having carried out intimate activities with another man. 
Dave was in the elevator with him. He was still weak at the knees out of fright. If he could get away with it, he would’ve given the lunatic before him a good beating. 
The nerve of this man! How dared Christopher offend Joe? Most importantly, his actions could have gotten Dave into trouble, too! 
The moment the room door closed, Joe used their height difference to his advantage and pushed Skylar 
against the door. 
Without giving her time to say anything, he kissed her. He seemed to be punishing her and expressing his 
emotions through the kiss. 
Skylar felt her tongue go numb, and her body became limp. 
After a long while, just as she was starting to feel suffocated, Joe let her go. However, he breathed heavily right beside her ear. His tone was deep as he asked, “Do you still have feelings for that
scum?” 
Scum? She belatedly realized who he was referring to. 
There was a fleeting moment when she felt as though Joe was jealous. However, she brushed it off. How could that be? He must’ve felt uneasy after what Christopher had said. 
“You said it. He’s a scum. How would I have feelings for him?” Skylar answered honestly. 
Her answer pleased Joe. He lowered his head and kissed her lips several more times. His kisses were gentle this time. 
Skylar blushed at their interaction. “You… How is Ms. Scott doing?” 
Joe seemed dissatisfied that she was distracted. Without answering her, he kissed her again, and things. spiraled out of control. Joe led her from the door to the bed. 
After they were done, Skylar recalled what had just happened while taking her shower. She bit her lip, which was still aching. 
How dared he? She took a deep breath as her face reddened. 
Joe approached the bathroom with a tube of medicine. He hadn’t been able to hold back just now, and he might’ve hurt her. So, he’d gotten her some medicine. 
Looking at her, he realized she was blushing even more than when they’d been in bed. Could she have 
fallen ill? 
“Why did you leave a mark here? Joe, that’s too much!” Skylar complained. 
Joe’s gaze became profound. He gulped and said, “I’ll watch out next time.” 
Skylar was mad. “There. Won’t. Be. A. Next. Time.” 
She decided she wouldn’t let him anywhere near her before the mark disappeared! 
Joe was drifting off to sleep when mumbles woke him up. 
As he opened his eyes, he heard Skylar mumble in her sleep. 
She seemed to be complaining of his ruthless behavior. “Are you a beast, Joe?” 
###chapter347
Skylar continued, “You’re a beast.” 
Amused, Joe pulled her closer to him. He whispered coaxing words into her ear. Looking back, he had indeed failed to constrain himself. 
Next time… He’d think about that when the time came. 
At the same time, Dave took Christopher to the nearest police station. 
The hotel demanded compensation. It was because Christopher had not only harassed their also smeared their reputation. The hotel’s representative lawyer was there, too. 
guest but 
It was only then that Christopher felt alarmed. Right now, he faced the possibility of being detained and paying a hefty compensation to the hotel! 
He paled out of shock. When the realization kicked in, he apologized to Dave and the police, but to no avail. The hotel was steadfast in making him pay. 
There was strong evidence that he’d schemed to harass their guest. The claim he’d made about Skylar being his girlfriend was only an excuse. 
The lawyer had learned about the situation from Paul before coming to the police station. Paul had urged the lawyer to seize the opportunity to make Christopher pay a heavy price. 
He should face the consequences for harassing Skylar and being rude to Joe! 
To secure his job, Dave ignored Christopher’s pleas for mercy. 
In the end, Christopher was detained for five days and was required to compensate the hotel with 200 
thousand dollars. 
Skylar learned about it the next day, when she woke up. She didn’t feel anything about it. Christopher 
deserved it. 
Noting her impassive expression and lack of concern for Christopher’s situation, Joe smiled. “I’ll take you fishing today. We can go snorkeling, too. Are you up for it?” 
Skylar immediately nodded. “Of course!” 
She greatly anticipated going out to sea and going fishing! 
At noon, Jenny, whose condition had stabilized, was transferred to the ward. Paul and the caretaker rushed in and out of the room while handling her matters. 
Lying on the bed, Jenny looked disappointed. She looked at the door several times, hoping to see the one she wished to see.. 
22 
Paul noticed her behavior but cleverly remained silent. 
At last, Jenny couldn’t hold back anymore. She asked, “Paul, did Joe say when he’d come? Is he busy with 
work?” 
Joe had told his employees that he’d come here for business purposes. His work couldn’t have taken up his entire day, could it? Although she understood that he was busy, she still wanted to see him. 
Paul replied, “Mr. Martin and Ms. Sullivan had gone out to sea and might only return at dusk. Mr. Martin will probably only come to the hospital at night. 
“Have a good rest, Ms. Scott. You may meet him when you’re awake.” 
“They went out to sea?” Jenny’s face changed. 
During the few years she’d been in Korel City, she’d only gone out to sea with her friends. Joe had never accompanied her. Yet now, he’d taken Skylar with him. 
“Before he left in the morning, Mr. Martin texted me. You don’t have to worry about liaising with the hospital. I’ve made the arrangements. Everything will be fine.” Paul pretended like he didn’t notice her disappointment. 
Jenny’s face was already pale from the surgery. Now, her lips became pale, too. “Joe is really nice to Ms. 
Sullivan.” 
They’d gone out to sea alone… How romantic. She looked forward to experiencing such romance. 
Were they that close to each other? Did Joe really love Skylar? 
Paul nodded. “Mso 
is worthy of it. 
rthy of it.” 
He rarely expressed his respect for a woman, but Skylar was different. She was deserving of his admiration! 
Not only had she saved him, but she was also capable. She was kind to others and always kept a low profile. It didn’t surprise Paul at all that Joe liked her. 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
###chapter348
Jenny rarely heard Paul praise someone. However, judging from his tone, he wasn’t being polite or flattering anyone. Instead, he truly thought Skylar was worthy of admiration 
In that instant, Jenny’s heart sank. Under the blanket, her hands were clasped tightly together. 
In a hospital in Jipsburg City, derogatory remarks were heard coming from a ward. Patients from the 
other wards couldn’t sleep in peace because of that. 
So, they complained to the staff nurse, Hilary Dean. 
Hilary had a headache upon receiving those complaints. 
She’d never expected a lady from a distinguished family to be so ill–mannered. Besides, although her 
family seemed conscientious, they were actually perfunctory in caring for her. 
They showed no patience toward her at all. Otherwise, the patient wouldn’t have had such a slow 
recovery and kept losing her temper. 
She was only throwing tantrums because of her family’s attitude. 
Hilary had seen various patients and their families. She understood what was actually happening. 
As she entered the ward, she saw a smashed bowl and spilled food on the floor. She was startled. It was 
more serious than she’d thought. She was truly rendered speechless. 
In the ward, food was splattered all over Samuel and Peter. They were in a sorry state. Both men were dashing. They were from a wealthy family, after all. Yet now, their branded clothes were all ruined. 
When Samuel saw Hilary enter, his face changed. Suppressing his anger, he told Sadie, “Mom, can you 
stop acting up?” 
“Acting up? If you treated me better and taken better care of me, would I be so mad? All I did was complain about being in discomfort and that the food was not to my taste. 
I 
“You two frowned and got angry with me because of that! How can I not be angry?” Sadie defended 
herself. 
She’d just gone through the pain of amputation and needed her family’s undivided care at this moment. 
But what had they done? 
They’d scorned her for being disabled! 
They were impatient with her and didn’t take good care of her. Despite staying in the ward with her, they were all playing with their phones. When she wanted some water, they thought she was being fussy. 
Upon listening to her, Samuel and Peter looked grumpy. 
Samuel, in particular, couldn’t put up with it anymore. “Can you not be so unreasonable, Mom? It’s good 
enough that we put our work aside to accompany you, you know? Why can’t you understand us?” 
He couldn’t understand how his elegant and well–mannered mother had ended up in this state. She was 
no different from a shrew now. 
Sadie was so mad that her eyes reddened. “You! I worked hard to raise you all, and this is how you treat 
me?” 
They always had a comeback for whatever she said. 
Peter frowned. His patience wore out. 
Hilary understood what was going on after listening to them. Sadie’s family must not have tried their best to comfort her. That was why Sadie was so displeased. 
Hilary said, “Other patients‘ families have complained that you’re too noisy. It’s not easy to look after a patient, especially when she has just come out of surgery. 
“She will have mood swings, and that, in turn, requires more patience from the family to communicate and console her. Is there anyone else in the family who can look after her?” 
The last question was directed to Samuel and Peter. Peter refused to say anything. 
###chapter349
All Samuel could say was, “There’s my elder brother and younger sister. I’ll call them over.” 
Perhaps it would be easier to communicate with Sadie if Kenny and Maisy were here. 
After all, Sadie loved Maisy the most. Maisy was also obedient; she must be more patient than him and Peter. 
Hilary knew there were others in their family. However, those two….. 
Sadie exclaimed, “Don’t ask them to come! They are just the same as you two! I’ve cared for you all for nothing! 
“No matter how naughty you were when you were young. I patiently took care of you until you were all grown up. But you….” 
Sadie was thoroughly hurt. If she could relive her life, she would never give birth to so many children. 
“Mom, who else do you want to care for you if not us? Dad’s busy at work. It’s good enough for him to 
drop by occasionally. You should know our situation now, right?” Samuel was pissed. 
Sadie’s face changed. At that moment, she remembered someone. The one who’d patiently looked after her when she’d been sick with the flu. 
She hadn’t thought much about it then. But now, she realized she’d taken things for granted. 
She instructed, “Get Skylar to come. Find her! You didn’t tell her that I was in an accident and had to undergo amputation, did you? She would’ve come to visit me if you’d told her! 
“Try to get her to come. Go to Janine. She will be able to contact Skylar. No, go to Skylar’s workplace and 
ask her to come!” 
Yes, the one she’d thought of was Skylar. 
Samuel answered, “Mom, I didn’t tell you this because I feared you’d be sad. Skylar knows about your accident. She came on the day of your surgery. When she saw that your surgery had ended smoothly, she 
left. 
“We’ve been trying to contact her for the past few days, but she’s blocked all of us. Maisy asked Janine, but Janie couldn’t be bothered. We called her workplace and found out she’s now on leave. No one knows 
where she is.” 
Anger filled Samuel when he mentioned Skylar. 
She didn’t know any better! How much could she earn from that job? They could pay her a sum equal to her yearly salary every month if she took care of Sadie. 
Sadie’s eyes widened. “How… could that be… 
Hilary understood their situation. She patiently suggested, “Hire a caretaker, then. If this continues, the hospital will have a hard time explaining things to the other patients and their families.” 
22 
Although it was a private hospital, those admitted there were either wealthy or reputable. It wouldn’t be easy to deal with them. 
Peter took several deep breaths. Then, he stood up and told her, “Don’t worry, we’ll talk things through 
nicely.” 
Hilary nodded and headed out. 
Just as she left, Peter told Sadie sternly, “Mom, stop making a fuss. Let’s talk nicely. We may be able to get Skylar to look after you forever, but we have to talk.” 
Samuel glanced at him. It seemed they had the same thought. 
They must use different means when dealing with Skylar. Otherwise, she would think they were helpless against her. 
Sadie finally calmed down. “Okay, go ahead.” 
When evening came, the rays of the setting sun cascaded over the ocean. It formed a scene so gorgeous that it was captivating. 
The boat headed toward the pier. Skylar leaned against Joe as they admired the view in silence. “If I could freeze time, it would be nice to freeze it right here and now,” Skylar said. 
Enjoy Ad Free Reading
###chapter350
Joe looked down at her. “Have you fallen for me?” 
Skylar’s back stiffened, and she moved slightly further from him. 
These few days, they had been… 
Besides, she clearly felt herself having feelings for him. She believed not many women could stop themselves from falling for him. 
However, she recalled the time when they registered their marriage and the agreement they had recently. 
Her gaze fell on the sunset. “I thought we weren’t supposed to talk about love. I’ve always kept that in 
mind.” 
Upon hearing that, Joe’s deep gaze became even more profound. His smile slowly disappeared. “That’s true. We aren’t supposed to talk about love.” 
Skylar’s eyelashes fluttered. She felt something tugging at her heart, and a wave of pain washed over her. Taking a deep breath, she pretended nothing had happened. 
At that moment, they became even more distant from each other. 
The boat returned to the pier in no time. After it docked, Joe and Skylar drove back to the hotel. They had 
dinner brought up to their room. 
Joe took his shower and changed into casual wear. Just as he was putting on his watch, Skylar exited the 
bathroom. 
Joe glanced at her. In an emotionless tone, he said, “I’m going to the hospital.” 
“Sure.” Skylar nodded. She was gently drying her hair with a towel. 
After Joe left, Skylar glanced at the door. Then, she looked away and took the hair dryer to dry her hair. 
20 minutes passed. Jenny was in the hospital, reading the encouraging messages from her friends. 
Their concern didn’t matter much to her, though. The person she wanted to meet most was Joe. However, he had gone out to sea with Skylar and might not visit her. 
The caretaker, Camilla Pallas, took great care of her. 
She glanced at Camilla. “It’s almost time for bed. You should go and rest, too.” 
“Oh, it’s fine. I’ll leave when you’re asleep.” Camilla liked Jenny a lot. She heard that her parents had passed away and tried her best to look after her. 
Jenny sweetly thanked her. 
Camilla grinned. “If only my future daughter–in–law can be as sweet and adorable as you!” 
Since she was young, Jenny knew how to get along with others. No matter who it was, she would be kind 
and amiable to them. She smiled sincerely and said, “You’re a nice person, so your wish will come true.” 
Camilla laughed. “I appreciate that.” Then, she put more care into tidying the room. 
Perhaps she really would have an understanding daughter–in–law in the future! 
At that time, Joe entered. His features softened when he heard laughter in the room. 
Camilla tensed up when she saw him. He was imposing. Despite her age, she dared not look him in the 
eye. 
“Joe!” Jenny was thrilled to see him. 
Her movements were restricted after the surgery. Otherwise, she would’ve thrown herself at him. However, she shook that thought aside the moment it appeared. Joe disliked being too close to others. Even though they grew up together, he disliked coming too close to her. He wouldn’t even let her link arms with him or hug him. She hugged him once, and he scolded her. 
At first, she would feel upset over it. Then, she realized that he treated everyone else equally. Annie, in particular, had tried various approaches to get closer to Joe. She claimed she was close friends with him and tried to use Rowan to get nearer to him. In the end, she was no more than a stranger to Joe. On the other hand, Jenny thought she was important to Joe. Joe would help handle a lot of her affairs. 
###chapter351
Jenny could choose her favorite major without any reservations. 
How do you feel today? Joe walked to the bedside and asked. 
“I feel much better today. I heard Paul say that you and Skylar went out to sea. Did you have a lot of fun?” Jenny asked, looking envious. She dearly wished that she was the person who went out to sea with him. 
Joe acknowledged faintly. He was probably thinking of something unhappy, exuding a solemn air. He didn’t say a word about his feelings about going out to sea. 
Jenny keenly sensed some hints for the reason. 
Did they quarrel? Didn’t have a good day at sea? 
She blinked with envious anticipation on her face. “I haven’t been out to sea with you before, Joe. How about you accompany me to the sea after I recover?” 
“There will be a chance next time. It’s getting late. Get some rest,” he replied faintly. 
Joe was normally a quiet person. But today, Jenny clearly felt that he was cold and indifferent. He restrained himself a little in front of her, but she could still feel that he was in a bad mood. 
She 
wasn’t usually a curious person, but she couldn’t help but feel a little curious at this moment. 
“Joe, are you not in a good mood? Is there anything that you mind sharing with me?” Jenny hurriedly stopped Joe, who was about to leave. 
Joe stopped in his tracks. He turned to Jenny and said, “It’s nothing. Go to sleep.” 
With that, he strode out of the ward. 
Jenny stared at the closed door, feeling dumbfounded. She couldn’t help biting her lip. 
Camilla, who stood next to her, regained her composure. Upon noticing that Jenny didn’t look quite good, she asked with some concern, “Ms. Scott, is everything alright?” 
Jenny shook her head and said, “It’s nothing.” Secretly, she clenched her firsts. 
Joe returned to the hotel after leaying the hospital. He stood at the entrance of the hotel but did not go in. He lit a cigarette, and the smoke swirled around him, making his appearance look a little grim. 
Joe looked inside the hotel, then suddenly let out a cold laugh. 
He finally understood. 
There was a line that he found indistinct, and he felt a certain impulse to cross it. He wouldn’t fall for Skylar. He could only say that they were indeed very compatible in bed. 
A few minutes later, Skylar could feel that Joe had returned. She had just fallen asleep not long ago. 
Oh the 
###chapter352
Out of habit, Skylar didn’t avoid him and even moved closer. After a while, Joe finally fell asleep while holding Skylar, His breathing gradually settled into a calm and steady rhythm. 
The next morning, Joe Informed Skylar that he had a three–hour video conference scheduled for the day. Upon hearing that, Skylar decided she would visit the hotel’s aquarium. 
Skylar walked out, bag in hand, while Joe was in the middle of his video conference. She closed the door gently. Joe glanced at the door, then returned his focus to the screen. 
After getting off the elevator, Skylar followed the staff’s instructions and headed to the aquarium. 
She had rarely visited the aquarium since she was a child. The last time might have been during a summer vacation in high school when Steven took them there once. The tickets were too expensive for 
them back then. 
She had even less time after she went to college as she had to work part–time for her tuition fees and 
living expenses. 
After entering the aquarium, she took several photos and sent them all to their family WhatsApp group. Several of her family members saw it and praised her for her photography skills, telling her to have fun. 
The hotel’s aquarium was huge. By the time she finished strolling around, three hours had already passed. 
Joe called when Skylar was heading back to their hotel after leaving the aquarium. 
“I’m going to the hospital. Are you coming?” he asked. 
Thinking that they were returning to Jipsburg the next day and should visit Jenny before they left, Skylar replied, “Okay, I’ll wait for you in front of the hotel.” 
She waited for a few minutes before Joe came out. Upon seeing him, Skylar handed him a sausage and 
asked, “Do you want it?” 
When she came out of the aquarium, she saw a stand selling grilled sausages. They were grilled to 
perfection and had a wonderful aroma, so she bought two right away. They were still hot. 
Joe looked at the sausage and replied faintly, “I don’t like it. You eat.” 
Skylar nodded and began eating. She thought that this kind of sausage was more suited to ordinary people like her. It made sense for Joe, accustomed to a life of luxury, to dislike it. 
Since returning from the sea yesterday, his behavior had become even more perplexing than before. Fortunately, Skylar wasn’t one to dwell on trivial matters. She simply acted as if she hadn’t noticed 
anything unusual. 
Their car arrived in about two minutes. Skylar, still eating her sausage, asked Joe, “Can you wait for just a 
couple more minutes? I want to finish this sausage first.” 
“Okay.” Joe remained standing beside her and didn’t get into the car first. 
Skylar ate quickly and finished the rest of the sausages in just a few bites. “I am done.” 
She signaled to Joe that they could get into the car. Once inside, they sat in silence, creating an 
unexpectedly quiet atmosphere. 
Lucas, their driver, had been picking them up these days and noticed that they were quite harmonious. However, in the current atmosphere, the tension between them was palpable. 
He didn’t dare to speak at all. 
They arrived at the hospital in complete silence. 
Jenny was on the phone when they entered 
the ward, probably chatting with her classmate. Upon seeing them, she immediately finished up the conversation with her classmate and hung up the phone. 
Enjoy Ad-Free Reading>> 
###chapter353
Joe, Skylar, Jenny cheerfully greeted them. 
Joe nodded. Skylar smiled and said, “Ms. Scott, you seem to be recovering well.” 
“It’s all thanks to Camilla. She has taken good care of me. How come you two have time to come and see me today? Didn’t you go out to have fun?” Jenny casually scrutinized the two, then smiled subtly. 
I 
“He had a meeting today, so I went to the hotel’s aquarium for a few hours.” Skylar responded truthfully. 
Jenny asked in a surprised tone, “Skylar, you went alone?” 
Skylar smiled. “Yeah.” 
Jenny suddenly felt the gloom that had clouded her heart dissipate. “Joe is indeed usually too busy. Skylar, don’t be angry at Joe,” she said, 
Angry? 
Skylar wondered how Jenny knew that she was angry when she answered her with a smile. 
“Joe used to be very busy as well before. Sometimes when we had meals together, he would rush to the airport and go on business trips at whims, Jenny continued. 
Skylar smiled politely. “Yeah, work is indeed important.” 
Jenny smiled and said, “Skylar, you might not know this, but no matter where Joe appears, people will be subconsciously afraid of him. Once, several of my high school classmates saw–Joe. He only took a glance at them, but then one of them was so scared that he had a nightmare that night. 
“The next day, he complained to me that the way Joe looked at him was as if warning him that if he got just a little closer to me, Joe would strangle him. I still remember that classmate’s pale face when he spoke to me.” 
Was he that jealous? 
Skylar glanced at Joe. Was he unhappy to see male classmates with Jenny? Skylar was a little confused now. What exactly did he think about Jenny? 
“That classmate of yours must have thought too much. I’m like this with everyone.” Joe’s tone was naturally cold. But now, he spoke at the opportune moment, causing Jenny’s smile to stiffen slightly. 
Jenny quickly recovered her smile. “Yeah, but my classmate didn’t know. Fortunately, after I explained it to him the next day, he got the peace of mind to go to school. Otherwise, he wouldn’t dare to go.” 
“Skylar, what did you think of Joe when you first saw him?” Jenny asked. 
Skylar recalled the first time she saw Joe. At that time, she was only thinking about that trash, Christopher. The first thing she thought of about Joe was probably… 
“He’s more handsome than a movie star, very captivating.” 
Joe’s thin lips curled up as he glanced at Skylar and asked “So, you wanted to marry me at first sight?” 
No way! If she hadn’t been reborn, she and him would be like two parallel lines that would never intersect 
However, with the presence of other people now, she smiled brightly and said, “Indeed I did have such a bold idea at that time.” 
Jenny secretly clenched her hands. She stared at Joe and asked, “What about you, Joe? Did you also think of marrying Skylar at first sight?” 
Skylar guessed that he would deny it. He only married her because of Gloria’s request. There was no love at first sight between them. 
“Yeah,” Joe answered simply. But the simplicity was clear enough. 
Jenny’s mood instantly seemed a bit wilted. She smiled forcefully and glanced at her phone, masking her true emotions. “So, it turns out that you two fell in love with each other at first sight.” 
She thought Joe married Skylar only because of Gloria’s request. And that he treated Skylar well also only for Gloria’s sake.. 
However, she clearly saw the undercurrents in their eyes as they looked at each other, the obvious deep affection in their gaze. 
Only couples who had feelings for each other would look at each other with a gleam in their eyes. 
The more Jenny thought about it, the more her heart grew uncomfortable. “Joe, Skylar, have you two had lunch? Should I ask Camilla to bring some lunch back from the cafeteria?” 
###chapter354
Skylar had no appetite, en she found an excuse Just now, a college classmate found out that I was here and asked to hang out. I have to go over right away. You guys mat” 
Sometimes, disliking someone wasn’t because they were bad but because their energy didn’t sit well, making one just want to keep a distance respectfully. 
Jenny gave off this kind of vibe to Skylar. In fact, she had a good impression of her the first time they met. However, after meeting several times, she felt they were not on the same page and couldn’t be friends. 
She was afraid she might have indigestion if they were to eat together. 
Joe gazed calmly, looking at Skylar a little coldly and asked. “Classmate?” 
“Yeah, I made plans when we got out of the car just now. I didn’t have time to tell you.” 
“That’s too bad.” Jenny Interrupted. 
She really wished Skylar was not there so she could have a private time with Joe to have a meal together. 
Joe glanced at his watch and said, “I have a meeting later. You can eat by yourself.” 
Then, he said to Skylar, “I’ll send you.” 
And so, Joe also left. 
The ward was empty again. Jenny didn’t even have a chance to speak. 
Joe seemed to be indifferent to everything as usual, but just now, he was obviously watching Skylar all the time. 
“Camilla, do you think Joe likes Skylar?” 
Camilla saw it clearly when she was standing aside just now. At her age, there was nothing that she couldn’t figure out. 
Jenny liked Joe, but Joe seemed to only have eyes for Skylar, and he only treated Jenny as his sister. 
Camilla said, “Yes, I think so.” 
Although Joe didn’t express his emotions, he seemed to be a good match for Skylar. 
Jenny became gloomy. Eyen Camilla could see it. 
“Ms. Scott, what do you want to eat for lunch? Camilla asked. 
Jenny had no appetite, so she shook her head and said, “I’m fine with anything. I don’t have any preference for now.” 
“Okay, then I’ll ask the doctor what you can eat, Ms. Scott,” Camilla said earnestly. 
22 
Joe asked Skylar where she was going before getting in the car. Skylar had only made up an excuse. She didn’t expect Joe to offer to send her. 
“You have a meeting in the afternoon. I’ll just call a cab.” 
She planned to spend the afternoon by the beach and seaside. They were leaving tomorrow, and she had developed some feelings for this city in just a few days. She was reluctant to leave. 
Joe’s attitude suddenly turned harsh. “Get in the car,” he said. 
“You really don’t have to_” 
“I’m taking you to lunch,” Joe said, staring at her. His glance exposed all of Skylar’s lies. 
It was a real pity that Joe did not become a police officer. How did he know she was lying? 
car with 
She directly got into the any further words. They didn’t speak after getting into the car. Skylar didn’t explain why she was looking for an excuse to leave. Joe also didn’t ask. 
They went to a Taegu restaurant. After taking their seats, Joe spoke first. “You don’t like Jenny?” 
“It’s not that I don’t like her. I just don’t quite like staying in the hospital for a long time. Besides, with me around, Ms. Scott will also feel restrained,” Skylar replied, thinking that her answer was perfect. 
Sometimes, there was no need to say something too clearly. 
She indeed didn’t like Jenny. 
ery Day** 
#Claim Bonus For Free
###chapter355
However, she and Joe still had to live on in the future, so she had to maintain their image. 
Joe took a deep glance at her and said, “Her mom lost her life to save me. I take care of her just to fulfill her mom’s last wish.” 
Skylar was surprised by Joe’s sudden explanation, not knowing how to respond for a moment. “Yeah, it should be so.” 
Luckily, the restaurant served the dishes quickly. As the dishes were served one by one, Skylar deliberately ignored the unclear thoughts in her mind while eating. 
The dishes served in the Taegu restaurant were delicious. She rarely ate there last time and only vaguely 
remembered that Natalie took her there once. 
Joe had to return to the hotel after lunch because he indeed had a video conference to attend, so Skylar 
went to a nearby beach. 
In the evening, Skylar received a message from Joe saying he would be unable to have dinner with her.. Jenny’s condition had suddenly changed, and she was taken into the operating room again, so he went to the hospital. 
Skylar went to dinner by the pedestrian street where she had been before. There were many snacks. She walked around, ate the snacks and took a lot of pictures. 
She returned to the hotel around 10:00 pm, but Joe had yet to return. She then packed her luggage. She thought perhaps Joe wouldn’t go to the airport with her the next day. 
It was about 2:00 am when Joe returned. 
He opened the door very softly. But Skylar couldn’t sleep soundly in the hotel, so even the subtle sound. still woke her up. She looked at the door and asked, “You’re back?” 
“Did I wake you up? Go back to sleep. I’m going to take a shower,” Joe whispered. His low voice carried a hint of gentleness under the night sky. Skylar hummed, turned over and continued to sleep peacefully. 
Joe got into bed about half an hour later. He hugged Skylar and gave her a very light peck on the cheek. Skylar felt it. 
She fell back to sleep after waking up earlier, but somehow, she gradually became wide awake, clearly feeling him getting into bed. 
To him, she should have been asleep. 
So, his kiss… 
Skylar’s heart trembled slightly. Perhaps she was overthinking. She soon heard Joe’s steady breathing. 
Did he fall asleep so quickly? 
If she hadn’t personally seen his insomnia before, she would now suspect that he was playing the victim by talking about his insomnia. 
Lost in thought, she drifted off to sleep again. 
Some people fell asleep late at night and had beautiful dreams. On the other hand, some people couldn’t sleep as the sky darkened. 
In the Williams Residence, in Maisy’s room, a workout had just ended. 
Kenny glanced at the time and said, “It’s 3:00 am. Let’s sleep. We still have to go to the hospital tomorrow morning.” 
There wasn’t anyone at home, so he and Maisy ended up sleeping in the same room. Probably because they had just been together, both of them had strong needs for each other. 
Maisy had just returned to bed after taking a shower. When she was casually browsing Instagram on her phone, she suddenly saw Skylar’s post. She widened her eyes, seeing Skylar touring around Korel City. 
“Look, Skylar isn’t in Jipsburg. She ignored us and didn’t even go to the hospital to take care of Mom. She actually went traveling to Korel City instead! She is so heartless and cruel!” 
Kenny was initially a little tired and sleepy. Upon hearing what Maisy said, he immediately looked at Maisy’s phone. It was Skylar’s Instagram. The first picture was clearly Korel City. It was a photo of the beach with an amazing view. 
He suddenly became extremely gloomy. “I thought she was just mad at us. We had neglected her before, so it’s normal for her to throw some tantrums, but I’ve never expected her to disregard Mom’s life and go on a trip!” 
“Kenny, she hates me a lot. Why don’t you send her a private message and give her a piece of your mind!” Maisy rolled her eyes as she came up with the idea. 
###chapter356
Kany had been upset by Sadie for the past two days, so he felt a little reluctant to go to the hospital. Now, seeing Skylar traveling without care, coupled with what Malsy just said, he felt that Skylar had gone 100 far. 
He immediately sent a private message to Skylar on Instagram. He told Skylar to come back as soon as possible, saying that she was too unfilial! She would surely receive karma if she continued to be so 
careless. 
After sending the private message, Kenny and Maisy didn’t wait for Skylar’s response. Skylar should have been sleeping at this time and had no time to read the private message. Both of them fell asleep soundly 
half an hour later. 
Samuel returned home soon after. He entered the house and went upstairs, but he suddenly stopped when he walked past Kenny’s room. 
Didn’t Kenny and Maisy return home? Why was Kenny’s door open? 
Samuel yawned and could hardly open his eyes. He couldn’t sleep well in the hospital. He had to go to the crew early. 
The director suddenly told him not to go to the set, and there would be no scenes for him in the future. Although he didn’t take this TV series seriously, he couldn’t accept the fact that he was not needed just because the director said so. 
How would he meet his circle of friends in the future? How would he explain it to his fans? 
Therefore, Samuel wanted to get things clarified no matter what. He also received a call from his agent earlier, saying that the commercial shoot scheduled a few days later had also been replaced by someone else. With all these happenings, it seemed like he hadn’t had much work recently. 
Came to think of it; everything was all a mess now. 
an 
While thinking about his problems, he unexpectedly entered Kenny’s room and saw no one on the bed. The cover was also neatly spread on the bed. He returned to his senses. 
Kenny didn’t come back? 
However, Samuel didn’t think too much about it. Kenny was also busy with work. Perhaps he went back to work. 
Natalie lay alone in bed in the dark night. She couldn’t sleep. She had been unable to sleep since 9:30 pm. She tossed and turned. 
When she looked at the time again, it was already 4:00 am. It was almost dawn. She switched on the light and grabbed her phone to see if she received 
w messanes- 
In fact, her phone was not in silent mode. If there was a call or message, she would have heard it. 
Unfortunately the phone had been sent. She still didn’t give up efecking on it 
Of course, there was no news about Jeremy He was truly so busy that he increasingly neglected her 
Natalie took a deep breath, calmed herself down and scrolled through her Instagram. Just then, she happened to see the first post, which was a wrap up photo from Austin. 
She never dreamed that she would have Austin’s private Instagramn. She could even see his instagram Stories 
She thought he would have categorized and blocked her so she wouldn’t see these personal Stories on his Instagram. 
Unexpectedly, Austin didn’t block her. She gave him a like after a little hesitation and then continued to scroll next. 
She had viewed all her friends‘ Instagram before going to bed. Furthermore, not many people posted anything at this time. 
It was just that she wasn’t in a good mood now. She couldn’t calm herself down for some time, so she almlessly looked at her phone. 
Suddenly, a WhatsApp message came in. She eagerly checked it, only to find out it wasn’t from Jeremy but someone unexpected, Austin! 
*Just woke up?” 
For a moment, Natalie thought she had seen it wrong. She immediately replied, “No, I can’t sleep tonight.” “Can’t sleep?” 
“Yeah!” 
“Something on your mind?” 
Natalie looked at Austin’s inquiry and concern. If it were before, she would have been extremely excited, but now she wasn’t in a good mood. 
After hesitating for a moment, she replied. “Yeah, I do have something on my mind. But with my idol caring about me, all my worries have disappeared! I’m going to bed now and planning to sleep until lunch!” 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day- 
###chapter357
in his MPV, Austin looked at the WhatsApp message and smiled. Natalie really was a happy–go– lucky 
person 
Austin. “Have a sweet dream.” 
Natalie: “Alright! My dream is filled with my idol, Mr. Powell!” 
Austin laughed out loud. 
His agent, Hank Louis, who was sitting beside him, heard his laughter. He asked curiously. “What’s so funny?” 
“It’s a fan. She’s very interesting.” Austin said, laughing. 
Hank immediately widened his eyes, alarmed. “Don’t you dare to have any foolish thoughts. You can’t abuse your status as an award–winning actor to toy with your fans‘ bodies and emotions. 
“How many people have fallen because of this? If you have physical needs, find a proper girlfriend. Haven’t a few actresses and singers you’ve worked with recently been pursuing you? Choose one to date.” 
Austin was a man in his 30s and yet to have a girlfriend. He might have focused on his career before, but now that his career had reached an absolute height, he naturally would be unable to resist some needs. 
They were all men, so he understood him! 
Austin was speechless. “She’s married.” 
“Damn! You want to play irresponsibly with married women? You either don’t let loose, or when you do, you want to play something thrilling?” Hank was shocked. 
he 
He was dead tired after working all day and night, but he was so shocked that he was wide awake. 
Austin tugged the corner of his lips. He rolled down the car window and looked at the early morning. street. There were only a few cars. It was particularly tranquil. 
“Say something! If you don’t say anything, I will be unable to sleep today.” Hank was anxious. 
Austin finally spoke, “You think too much.” 
Did he really think too much? Hank had a keen insight due to his profession. He inexplicably noticed some clues. 
Why was he chatting with fans for no reason? And he was also smiling at the messages sent by fans. 
How come he had never seen him smiling with those female celebrities? 
Even when he was facing hilarious variety show stars, Austin had never smiled. It would seem that he was smiling, but it was obviously a polite smile, not the kind of smile from the heart like just now. 
originally thought she would go to the airport alone the next day. But Joe said that they would back together Surprised, she asked. “Has Ms. Scott’s condition stabilized? 
“Yeah, she’s fine if there is any problem, Paul will call people to bring her back to Jipsburg for treatment. He will stay here for two more days, Joe replied 
“That’s good. We have four hours before the plane departs. Should we go to have breakfast or let the hotel send it up? Skylar asked. 
“Let’s get the hotel to send it up.” 
“Okay.” 
After they had breakfast, Skylar went downstairs to a specialty store and bought some specialties. Then, they set off for the airport. 
Joe’s phone kept ringing when he was passing through the security checkpoint. Skylar glanced over at him. After passing the security checkpoint, Joe answered the phone. 
“Joe, have you arrived at the airport? What a pity, I can’t go to the airport to see you off,” Jenny said regretfully. 
Joe replied briefly in a cold tone, “No problem.” 
Skylar followed quietly by the side. She took out her phone to send a message to Natalie. “Less than an hour before boarding. Wait for my local specialties patiently.” 
In less than a minute, Natalie replied, “Come back soon! I’m eagerly waiting for you to feed me!” 
Skylar seemed to have seen Natalie’s impatient appearance. 
After chatting with Natalie, she took another glance at Instagram. Her smile disappeared immediately when she saw the private message that Kenny sent.
###chapter358
Joe ended the call and noticed Skylar’s expression suddenly became cold. He asked, “What’s wrong? 
Nothing. I saw someone insane on instagram.” Skylar said and logged out of Instagrarn. 
What else could one be but insane if he could use logic that shattered common beliefs as if it were perfectly reasonable? 
Kenny and Maisy woke up really late the next day. They woke up after lunchtime. 
After scolding Skylar on Instagram, Kenny and Malsy went crazy again uncontrollably. 
If they hadn’t woken up from hunger, they would have continued to sleep and had long forgotten about going to the hospital. 
sen 
When Kenny walked out of Maisy’s room and was about to go downstairs to see what was for lunch, he suddenly heard a terrifying voice from behind that made his scalp numb. 
“Kenny?” 
Kenny froze. Then, he slowly turned and looked at Samuel. 
“Why are you home?” Kenny secretly took a breath of cold air. 
He hadn’t figured out how to tell his family about his relationship with Maisy. There were a lot of things. going on at home lately, so he wanted to wait it out and tell them later. 
He didn’t expect to be caught by Samuel! 
Samuel just woke up with his eyes half–closed. He didn’t answer Kenny’s question. Instead, he asked in doubt, “Kenny, why did you go to Maisy’s room?” 
“I went to have a look at her,” Kenny replied calmly. 
I 
Samuel frowned. He said, “I didn’t see you in your room when I came back last night. When did your 
return? And you got up earlier than me?” 
“I’ve always been a light sleeper. Why do you have so many questions early in the morning? Let’s go eat. After lunch, Maisy and I still have to go to the hospital,” Kenny said with a serious expression. 
Samuel also didn’t think much about it. “Okay, then I’ll go and see Maisy too. A lot of things happened these two days. She also has to go to the hospital tomorrow. She has been in poor health since she was a child. Maybe she’s tired.” 
While speaking. Samuel headed to Maisy’s room. 
Kenny raised his voice abruptly, “Wait! Don’t go in yet. Maisy said she wanted to take a shower just now. It’s inconvenient for you to go in. Come on, follow me downstairs.” 
Samuel was stunned for a moment. He was quite confused to see Kenny anxious. He felt it was a little 
strange but brushed it off as nothing. 
He nodded. “Let’s go. Let’s see what the maids have prepared for lunch.” 
Kenny breathed a sigh of relief as they went downstairs. 
That was a close call. Samuel almost found out about him and Maisy. It seemed that he and Maisy had to be careful at home next time. 
Maisy, who was hiding in the room, heard the conversation between the two brothers outside. 
She pouted, feeling dissatisfied with Kenny. He was clearly scared just now. 
It would be okay even if Samuel found out about them, right? Was their relationship so shameful? 
He even lied to Samuel saying that she was taking a shower. So, she still had to hide in her room for a few more minutes. 
She took out her phone and looked at the WhatsApp messages between her and Janine. Janine had not replied to her. 
She asked Janine if she could come home for dinner in the next two days. Janine had definitely read her message, but she didn’t reply. 
Janine deserved to be poor! Instead of thinking about how to treat her biological daughter well, she treated Skylar well with all her heart! Janine would surely regret it one day! 
An hour later, Kenny and Maisy rushed to the hospital. 
bi Di dua et de wens when put th of them seming a pression turned gloomy Why did 
coming. Ne 
We under bleep well last reght 
el right becam 
wa had been warned about Mom,” Kenny said, making up an 
Sadie’s condition was already beyond help. She could only be paralyzed in bed in the future. She couldn’t be without someone to take care of her It was useless to worry about her condition but to accept it. 
Peter became even more gloomy as if he saw through Kenny and Maisy’s thoughts. “I’ll still come at this 
time tomorrow” 
Then, he stood up to leave. After taking a few steps, he thought of something and said to the two.” Samuel and I have thought of a way to force Skylar to come back and take care of Mom. You two better cooperate. 
Kenny immediately agreed. “Let us know what you need us to do.” 
Maisy responded obediently. “Okay, Peter.” 
“I am leaving now.” 
They then entered the ward and looked at Sadie, who was lying in bed, looking gloomy and pale. 
“How are you feeling today, Mom?” Maisy asked gently. 
“How am I? How can you ask that? I lost my legs. I can only lie in bed and wait for my death. Are you all waiting for me to die? I won’t let you get what you want! You come so late because you don’t want to take 
care of me, right?” Sadie roared. 
A car accident made her see the true colors of her family members. They had no patience for her. All of 
them stayed away from her. 
Even Maisy was the same. She used to say that Sadie was the best mother in the world. She even said that she would be a dutiful daughter to her. 
But look at how Maisy treated her when she came to the hospital these days. 
All three sons were even more gloomy. It was as if they were the ones who had their limbs amputated! 
Most importantly, her husband, Jeffrey, hadn’t come to see her for the past two days. Even if he was busy 
with the company’s affairs, did he really not have time to see her at all? 
All the excuses! 
###chapter359
Only now did she know how good Skylar was. She had been thinking about the past more frequently the last two days. 
When Sadie was sick, Maisy only said she cared about her, but Skylar actually tried to help her relieve her 
discomfort. 
Set at the tits, she thought Skylar was noty and wasn’t as caring as Malay 
immediately teared up. She looked at Kenny and said, “Kenny, I didn’t mean to make Mom angry. I Wait wided about her 
The once elegant woman was now no different from a shrew. She might as well die in that car accident! Everyone in the family would have thought the same. 
Kenny immediately frowned. He said, “Mom, how can you say that about Maisy? Since you had an accident, Maisy had been crying almost every day, worrying about your health and thinking about how to make you happy. Yet, you treat Maisy like this now. Let’s be more reasonable, okay, Mom?” 
“You!” Sadie was extremely furious. 
They dared put all the blame on her? 
“I don’t want you all to be here. Go find Skylar! I just want to see Skylar now!” Sadie only had one request now, which was to see Skylar. 
Maisy sighed helplessly and said, “Mom, we have tried our best to find Skylar. She doesn’t care about you at all. She went traveling the day after you had your surgery. It’s obvious that she won’t come to take care of you, Mom.” 
“You must bring her here! Even if she doesn’t want to come, you must find a way to make her come!” Sadie didn’t care anymore. 
She didn’t know why, but a voice in her mind kept telling her that she had to see Skylar, and they had to bring Skylar to see her! 
Kenny became solemn and said helplessly, “We’ll try our best = 
At Jipsburg Airport, after getting pick them up and drove them directly to Pearlhall Residence. 
Off the plane, someone from Pearlhall Residence came t 
Gloria looked at them happily. With a smile, she asked, “Did you two have fun?” 
###chapter360
#360 
We had lots of fun! But I got tanned. Skylar replied happily. 
didn’t notice it when she was in Korel City. After the plane landed, she went to the restroom in the aport and only then did she notice that she was tanned. She hadn’t deliberately applied sunscreen. 
“You’re not tanned. Skylar, you’re fair to begin with, so you still look fairer than others after getting tanned. 
Gloria felt happy being in Skylar’s presence. 
She went to an old friend’s house the last few days and saw several granddaughters–in–law of their family. There was really no one who could compare to Skylar. Ignoring other aspects, none of them were as pretty as Skylar. 
“Joe, don’t you think so?” Gloria asked Joe, who had been silent for a long time. 
Joe was good in everything but his unpleasant temper. Just his sullen demeanor could scare Skylar away. If it truly happened, Gloria wouldn’t let him off the hook! 
Joe’s dark eyes glanced over, looking at Skylar’s fair and delicate skin. Then, he agreed with his grandmother and said, “You’re right, Grandma.” 
Skylar didn’t care how dark she was. Going to a coastal city and getting a tan proved she had a great time, 
“I bought specialties for you, Grandma. I’ll go get them,” Skylar said, remembering the specialties she 
bought. 
It was her first time going out on a vacation. She felt th 
her feelings. 
local specialties were the best way to express 
Gloria was touched. “Skylar, you’re such a good child. You still think of me when you’re traveling.” 
She had seen all kinds of specialties from various regions, but it was Skylar’s sincere thought that 
mattered the most. 
Having that thought, she glared at her unpleasant grandson again. “How many places have you been to and when have you ever said you would bring me some specialties? You should learn from Skylar,” she 
said. 
Joe, who was inexplicably disliked once again, twitched his lips. He didn’t think Gloria would want 
anything. 
Wouldn’t Gloria be tired of local specialties? She also didn’t like foreign ones. 
He cast a deep gaze at Skylar once again. She made him understand a principle. In many cases, the item wasn’t important, but sincerity was. 
After the two accompanied Gloria for dinner, they went to bed in Pearlhall Residence. 
They returned to Galaxy Villa the next day. Joe got changed and went to work. 
Meanwhile, Skylar drove her dat to see Joning. 
chr 
Why did you buy so much? It must have been too heavy to carry them back, Janine said. When she se the local specialties, the first thing that came to her mind was whether they were heavy. 
Skylar smiled and said, “I brought a big box with me, and I took a car while traveling. I hauled it at the airport, no It wasn’t heavy, Mom.” 
Harvey had classes that day, so he was staying in school. Steven had a lot of work recently and hadn’t been home these days. 
Meanwhile, Charles had taken on several roles with increasing screen time, almost living with the crew and completely out of sight. 
Janine was the only one at home, 
“Mom, my house will be ready in three months. When it is renovated, you can just quit rehting this one,” Skylar suggested. 
###chapter361
Janine smiled and nodded. “Okay, bisten to your 
“By the way, Moin, there’s one more thing Ed like to discuss with you. I plan to set up a store and sell some antiques and paintings. Il mainly do the business on livestream. Can you help me look after it? With your help, I’ll be able to go to work without worries.” 
Skylar had this idea early on. Although Janine looked gentle, she knew Janine was attentive and had high 
self–esteem. 
If Janine’s family had no financial problems and she hadn’t met Finn, she would have had a better future. 
Janine was a little excited, but she was also filled with concern. “Can I do it? I’ve been farming in the countryside and working as a housekeeper in the city. At my age- 
“Age has never been an issue. I can tell that you’ll be good at it. Mom, you can do it! We can also do some 
other stuff. 
“Your cooking skills are great, and the marinated olives you make are delicious. You can write down the recipe and find a processing factory to produce the products…” 
Janine’s eyes reddened as she listened to Skylar’s description of the future. 
Her heart was full of longing. It was as if she suddenly found a direction for her life. Since her children were grown up, she could indeed live a life for herself. 
“Okay… I’ll try.” 
They talked for a while. After lunch, Janine remembered something and said, “I heard news about the Williamses. Sadie suffered a car accident and is still in the hospital. They want you to take care of her. What do you think?” 
“Apart from blood, I have no legal ties to them. Sadie’s four children can take care of her. They come to me just to avoid their responsibility. 
“If they treated me like a family from the start and didn’t do anything to me, I’d do my best to take care of Sadie. Now? They can dream on!” Skylar said coldly, and her expression clouded over. 
Janine was heartbroken upon hearing Skylar’s remarks. “What did the Williamses do to you when you 
were 
e staying with them?” 
Even though Skylar didn’t mention what exactly happened, she could tell Skylar had encountered something unimaginable. 
As she came to know the Williames, she concluded they were a group of greedy people without any 
conscience. 
all over now.” Skylar kept herself from recalling the incident before her rebirth and responded, “Mom, it’s all over now.” 
Janine then recalled Maisy’s calls and WhatsApp messages. She said, “I have a bad feeling about this. That family is good at underhanded means. They might think of some ways to force you to quit your job. 
You’d better be ready, Skye 
They mistreated Skylar too much. They couldn’t handle their responsibilities and expected Skylar to give up everything to fulfill them. They had no right to do so! 
“Don’t worry, Mom. I know how to deal with them.” Skylar lowered her head to look at her phone. 
She wondered what the Williamses would do and how far they could show their shamelessness. 
“By the way, Steven said he’ll be free early next month. He’ll bring his girlfriend home. Do you want to come back to see her?” Janine asked. T 
Skylar shook her head. “It’s Steven’s girlfriend’s first time here. I’d better not come. She might feel uneasy. 
“There will be other opportunities. I’ll ask Steven for his girlfriend’s photo. I’d like to see what kind of beauty can make my brother fall in love!” 
She still remembered that when Steven was in college, many girls had a crush on him. She was surrounded by them whenever she went to college to look for him. To get his attention, they even gave her various snacks and gifts. 
However, he didn’t get a girlfriend at that time. He said that studies were more important and that love was unnecessary. 
He was free from desires and disappointed many girls. But now, Steven finally had a girlfriend! 
After chatting with Janine, Skylar went to Natalie’s house. She was a little surprised when she saw her friend. 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
###chapter362
By?a noticed that Natale had lost a lot of weight. 
What happened to you? Are you sick? Or have you used some extreme method to lose weight? 
Natalie was happy to see Skylar, but she was a little listless. “I didn’t. I just lost my appetite and had Insomnia. That’s why I lost some weight. It only dropped a little, not that exaggerated. ” 
“Insomnia?” Skylar walked in carrying a bag of specialties. 
She and Natalie had been in the same dormitory for four years in college. Natalie had always been carefree. It was difficult for her to believe Natalie had insomnia. 
1 
“Yes, I don’t know why, but I can’t sleep well lately. But it’s okay. Let me see what you brought me. I havent visited Korel City in several years.” 
Natalie didn’t want Skylar to get involved in her affairs. She had indeed no appetite and didn’t want to eat anything. 
Skylar thought of a possibility. “Perhaps you’re pregnant. Have you visited the hospital for a checkup?” 
Natalie had previously said that she was preparing to get pregnant and wanted to have a baby. As Skylar spoke, she took out the things from the bag. 
Natalie’s expression stiffened as she heard the word pregnant. She lowered her head and focused on the specialties to keep Skylar from noticing the loneliness in her eyes. 
“It’s unlikely that I’m pregnant. Jeremy has been too busy and has no time to come home. We haven’t shared a bed in a long time.” 
Of course, she wished she was pregnant, but that was impossible. How could she give birth alone? 
Skylar frowned. “Is Mr. Hughes very busy?” 
“Yes, he has a lot of work in the company and needs to travel frequently. When I was in college, he often traveled on business. Sometimes I didn’t see him for months. Even when we’re married, he’s still as busy as ever. I’m uneasy. I feel he-” 
Natalie suddenly realized what she had said and immediately stopped. 
Skylar had just returned from traveling. She shouldn’t affect Skylar’s joy with her problems. 
Skylar could tell Natalie didn’t want to talk further, so she didn’t ask any more questions. Instead, she said firmly, “I belong to you at noon. Come on, I’ll take you to the hospital for a checkup. We’ll have dinner then. 
Natalie wanted to refuse. Due to Skylar’s persistence, she obediently followed Skylar to the hospital. 
Fortunately, she was fine. The doctor advised her not to overthink and encouraged her to go out frequently. 
After that, they decided to dine at the most expensive deluxe buffet in Jipsburg. 
“Being with you makes me feel alive! Why was I so distressed and kept things from you? From now on, the real Natalie is back! I don’t care if Jeremy is busy. I’ll go to work tomorrow!” 
Natalie decided to take this step. She remembered how the doctor looked at her. It was as if she had a serious mental illness. His concerned gaze encouraged her. 
She was optimistic by nature. She soon realized she was an idiot for doubting whether Jeremy still liked 
her. 
Skylar smiled at Natalie, who cheered herself up. “That’s great! I support you! What job did you find?” “Why don’t you guess?” Natalie kept it in suspense.
###chapter363
“When we were in college, you mentioned that you aspired to be a celebrity agent or a reporter. Does your new job have something to do with those?” Skylar guessed. 
Natalie didn’t expect Skylar to guess so accurately and quickly. “I stayed at home after graduation and never worked, so all my resumés were rejected. I had no chance of an interview. But God blesses me! My idol offered me a job!” 
“Your idol?* 
“Austin Powell. He heard that I was looking for a job and said he happened to need an assistant. His previous assistant had other career plans, so there was a vacancy,” Natalie explained. 
When she received Austin’s invitation, she was hesitant. After all, her family didn’t agree with her going to work. They claimed working was exhausting, and Jeremy could afford to support her, so she didn’t have to work. 
She also cared about what Jeremy thought of her. 
During this period, she was always uneasy. Only after visiting the doctor did she realize the seriousness of the matter. She wanted to get out of the predicament. 
So, she accepted Austin’s job offer. It would be wonderful to see her idol perform up close while working! 
Natalie was looking forward to it. 
Skylar supported Natalie’s decision to change her current situation. She became even more supportive after seeing Natalie’s enthusiasm. 
“I’m glad you got a job! Congratulations!” 
Natalie appeared pleased. “I’m so excited to think about seeing Austin every day from now on! He’s such a gentleman.” 
Skylar joked, “If you weren’t married, I would’ve congratulated you on getting the best chance to pursue Austin.” 
Natalie’s smile froze. Acting as if nothing had happened, she explained calmly. “My feelings for Austin are those of an idol and a fan. It will always stay that way! It differs from liking Jeremy. I’ve loved Jeremy since I was a child. It’s just that I don’t know if he still likes me.” 
As soon as she finished speaking, she suddenly realized that she had let slip something she didn’t want 
to disclose. 
Skylar glanced at Natalie. “Is there something going on between you and Mr. Hughes?” 
The doubts she had suppressed resurfaced. The “Mr. Hughes” she had heard at the hot spring resort reappeared. 
Was that person Jeremy? 
Natalie had never been emotionally sensitive. But she had been uneasy and wasn’t in a good state of mind. There must be a reason for this situation. 
“I can’t tell what was going on. He has been busy and hasn’t spent much time at home in the last month. Even when he went home, he only came back to see me, went to sleep, and returned to work the next day. He was so busy that we didn’t have time to talk properly. 
“Especially in the last ten days, he has barely spoken to me or made video calls. I don’t know if I’m too sensitive. I always feel that he doesn’t like or care about me that much. This feeling has been particularly strong recently.” 
Natalie spilled the beans and expressed all of her thoughts. 
“Perhaps it’s because I’m always at home. I’m bored and overthinking it. He’s just too busy to spend time with me.” 
Sure enough, a woman would easily become worried and even begin to doubt herself once her whole world revolved around a man. 
Skylar thought it over before asking. “Have you ever gone to the company to find him?” 
“Yes, I have, but he’s not at the company. He’s too busy traveling for business and entertaining clients. Even if I go to find him, I’ll only add to his burden and trouble,” Natalie said, sighing. 
Suddenly, she pointed at a restaurant not far away. “Well, let’s stop talking about this. I spotted a 
Wiscadian restaurant. Jeremy used to take me there. How about we dine at that restaurant rather than the buffet?” 
Women were naturally fickle, so Skylar immediately agreed, “Okay, let’s go!
###chapter364
There were few people at the restaurant. It was more than half an hour before dinner time. 
Skylar and Natalie chose the seats in front of the floor–to–ceiling windows to watch the sunset outside. 
After placing their orders, they chatted, and the conversation went toward Austin’s Instagram. 
“It’s said that if fans get too close to their idol, they’re more likely to become disillusioned. But whenever i look at Austin’s private Instagram, I feel he’s being his true self. I like him even more! It’s wonderful that I can watch how he works afterward!” 
Skylar looked at Natalie, who was in high spirits as long as she didn’t mention Jeremy. She never thought a rich lady like Natalie would be a celebrity assistant. 
If Jeremy did something unforgivable to Natalie, it would be his loss. But in this case, she hoped he was only too busy to spend time with Natalie. 
Skylar said, “I can tell he added you as a friend isn’t a pretense because he allows you to view his Instagram. He’s worthy of becoming your idol.” 
Natalie couldn’t help chuckling, then she held her stomach and said, “I feel like I have an appetite after seeing you today. Now, I’m starving that I could eat a horse! Is the food we ordered enough?” 
She began to worry. She could eat a lot when she was hungry. 
“Let’s go to the barbecue restaurant near our college after this,” Skylar proposed without hesitation. 
“I agree!” Natalie instantly replied. 
Meanwhile, three cars were parked outside the restaurant simultaneously. Joe was the first to get out of the car, followed by Jeremy and John. 
All three of them happened to be free that day. So, they gathered in the best Wiscadian restaurant in Jipsburg, which Jeremy owned. 
“How long has it 
been since we got together?” John asked. 
When they were little, they didn’t have much time to play together. They were both assigned a lot of study throughout the day. 
They had almost no childhood. When they grew up and became independent, they had a lot of social activities and challenges to tackle. 
They rarely had time to relax at the same time. 
“We haven’t gotten together for probably more than a year,” Jeremy recalled. 
Natalie’s figure suddenly appeared in his mind. How long had it been since he went home and spoke with her properly? 
Joe abruptly paused as he was about to step into the restaurant. 
“What’s wrong?” John asked doubtfully. 
Joe noticed a new energy vehicle parked not far away. It was parked together with several luxury cars and stood out among them. 
“What are you looking at?” John followed Joe’s gaze and looked over. 
He smiled when he noticed a small car that was inconspicuous in traffic but especially noticeable here.” This car has good sales. It’s energy–saving and environmentally friendly.” 
That car was just a little out of place with its surroundings. 
Joe looked away and said, “Let’s go in.” 
Noticing Jeremy was distracted, John asked, “Jeremy, are you thinking about your secretary again?” 
There were few secrets in their circle. Everyone knew about Jeremy and Annabelle. But they also knew Jeremy married his childhood sweetheart. 
In the past, he doted on Natalie like a treasure. However, he soon developed an ambiguous relationship with his secretary. 
###chapter365
Jeremy frowned and responded coldly. “She’s not worthy of my attention.” 
John suspected Jeremy had lied. He heard that Jeremy and Annabelle were spending more time together, including on business trips. Jeremy rarely returned home, as well. 
In this situation, he suspected that Jeremy was preparing to divorce the poor Natalie for Annabelle. 
Joe glanced at Jeremy and said nothing. Then, he took out his phone and checked his WhatsApp. 
“Where are you?” he texted Skylar. 
However, she didn’t reply, even after he took his seat. 
The Hughes family’s Wiscadian restaurant stood five floors high. It was large and crowded. 
“You’re married?” Jeremy was surprised to know that Joe got married without informing them. If he hadn’t come over, he might only know Joe was married after Joe’s child was born! 
Joe responded with a nod. 
“His wife works for my dad. My dad said she’s far better than he was when he was young.” 
When John talked about Skylar, his tone was full of appreciation. He rarely praised and complimented someone, but she was capable enough to get his praises. 
He thought Joe had unintentionally found a treasure. And Joe appeared to like Skylar. Although Gloria was the one who was behind the marriage, Joe probably enjoyed it enough to agree. 
Skylar. 
“She’s indeed good.” Joe smiled, following John’s words and praising Skylar. 
It was rare for Jeremy to hear Joe praise a woman. It was most likely the first time in over 20 years. 
you tempted 
“Are by her?” Jeremy asked curiously. 
Joe had always appeared cold and aloof when they talked about love, as if being attracted to a certain woman would never happen in his life. 
However, he now admitted Skylar was good. That was unusual. 
John took a sip of red wine and gazed at Joe. He remembered Joe telling him at the Martin Group that he disliked Skylar. But now… 
Joe sneered. “There is no love between us.” 
Jeremy raised an eyebrow. Indeed, marriage didn’t need love in some cases. 
“But you might find it tough to control your feelings sometimes. By the way, I can tell you look good today. Has your insomnia been much better lately?” John asked. He had a keen eye and noticed the changes in Joe’s condition. 
Jeremy agreed, “You’re indeed different from the last time we met on the golf course.” 
They found Joe’s cold air had significantly lessened 
“It’s indeed much better Joe had rarely had insomnia recently. He had hardly slept, but meeting Skylar 
seemed to change it. 
John smiled meaningfully. Tve told you to find a woman After she makes you happy, you’ll have no insomnia problems ” 
It was dull for a man not to have fun with women. 
Joe snorted. “You’re overthinking it.” 
He had little interest in other women, let alone those who could make him happy. 
While the three of them were chatting, Skylar and Natalie walked over from the other side. They wanted to use the restroom before going to the barbecue restaurant. 
When they reached the restroom, Skylar heard someone call her with a somewhat surprised tone, “Ms. Sullivan?” 
She looked over and was surprised to see John. When she was about to respond, she noticed Joe seated beside him. Jeremy also looked over at the same time. 
###chapter366
Natalie noticed Skylar and followed the latter’s gaze. Her expression shifted when she was caught off quard by Jeremy. 
It turned out that he had free time. It was just that he gave all of his time to others. 
When Jeremy spotted Natalie and Skylar, he was stunned for a second. 
“Nath…” 
Natalie felt aggrieved when she heard his voice, which appeared to smooth over the turbulent emotions she’d been experiencing during this period. 
Joe exchanged glances with Skylar. 
Skylar knew Jeremy and Joe were friends, but she hadn’t expected to run into them at the restaurant. And John had happened to notice her. 
“We’d better not disturb you guys. We have other things to do.” Natalie didn’t know what to say to Jeremy. When she wasn’t with him, she seemed to have a lot to ask him. But when she saw him, she wasn’t sure what to ask. 
John was stunned and had no idea what was going on. 
Joe, on the other hand, was a little surprised that Skylar and Natalie knew each other. 
Skylar greeted Joe with a nod before Natalie grabbed her hand and walked away. 
After they left, John expressed his doubts. “Jeremy, are your wife and Joe’s wife friends?” 
“What? Your wife is Skylar?” Jeremy asked Joe in shock. 
Joe nodded and tapped on the table, obviously thinking about something. 
Jeremy hadn’t expected their circle to be so small. It was an incredible coincidence that Skylar was Joe’s wife. 
“Did you notice the way your wife looked at you just now? She seemed angry and avoided you. Did she notice something? Don’t underestimate a woman’s intuition,” John reminded Jeremy. 
Jeremy frowned. “She’s not that attentive.” 
“It has nothing to do with being attentive,” John stated bluntly. 
Joe abruptly stated, “Some time ago at the hot spring resort, Skylar and I heard you and Annabelle in the 
woods.” 
Jeremy’s expression shifted dramatically.. 
“We didn’t go forward and only heard your voices.” Joe glanced over meaningfully. 
“Skylar and Nath are besties. She won’t say anything that may raise Nath’s suspicions if she’s uncertain. Il end things with Annabelle. 
Jeremy realized that today’s coincidence was a warning. He pursed his lips tightly. He couldn’t imagine. The consequences if Natalie found out about his affair. 
John stroked his nose. He’d met Annabelle once and knew she wasn’t easy to deal with. He had a feeling that Jeremy wouldn’t be able to solve this matter easily. 
He hinted at Joe, but the latter didn’t look at him and appeared to be thinking about something. 
Apart from John, the other two became preoccupied with their thoughts throughout the meal. 
Natalie felt her mind go blank as she left the Wiscadian restaurant and got into the car. 
s she left the e 
When she’d met Jeremy, she’d felt as if he’d become a stranger. She hadn’t known what to say to him, either. 
She should’ve felt familiar and comfortable with him. So, why had she felt like a stranger in front of him earlier? 
Claim Bonus For Free Every
###chapter367
Natalie felt like something was wrong with her. 
“Nath, are you okay? Skylar handed her a bottle of water 
Natalie took it. After taking a few sips, she calmed down, but her eyes were still slightly red. Skylar was 
concerned when she saw Natalie’s condition 
I’m fine. I just don’t know why I feel complicated. I can’t explain it.” Natalie appeared a little dazed and felt an indescribable panic. 
Skylar comforted her, saying softly, “I’m here, Nath” 
When Natalie heard that, she hugged Skylar. “Skye, I didn’t mean to be so fussy, but…” At that moment, she really felt like she was unfamiliar with Jeremy. 
“I understand.” Skylar gently patted Natalie’s back. 
Natalie suddenly received a call. She glanced at it and was stunned when she saw the caller. 
“Jeremy’s calling me.” 
“I’ll get out of the car and wait for you. Have a nice chat.” 
After Skylar got out of the car, Natalie took a deep breath. She calmed down her complicated emotions and picked the call up. “Hello, honey.” 
Jeremy’s gentle voice came from the phone. “Do you have anything else to do with Skylar? If not, I’ll come out right now. Let’s go home first. Sorry, I’ve been too busy and ignored your feelings. Let’s have a chat at home.” 
Natalie’s eyes became redder as she listened to his familiar voice. “Okay.” 
After hanging up, she got out of the car and said, “Sorry, Skye, I can’t eat barbecue with you. Let’s meet next time. Jeremy asked me to wait for him here.” 
Skylar smiled. “Okay, then. I hope you won’t cancel our next appointment. Go back and speak with Mr. Hughes properly. Communication is a good way to solve problems. Come to me if you have any problems. 
She then got into her car and prepared to leave. Since the couple had an issue in their relationship, she shouldn’t be a third wheel, there. 
Before Skylar drove away, Natalie suddenly thought of something and signaled for her to stop. 
Skylar lowered the window in doubt. 
“Skye, can you leave later? I can ask Jeremy to introduce Joe to you. I can tell you’re interested in him. You stared at him just now.” Natalie couldn’t bear that Skylar, a beautiful woman, was still single. 
Skylar chuckled. “I know him. He’s my husband. We’re very familiar with each other.” 
Natalie’s mouth twitched. “Don’t joke with me. I have an inexplicable hunch that Joe also looked at you just now Maybe you’re his type 
“I don’t know whether I’m his type, but he seems to like me when we’re in bed.” Seeing that Natalie still didn’t believe her, Skylar dropped a bombshell statement. 
Unfortunately, no matter how powerful the statement was, Natalie still didn’t believe it. “Nah, stop kidding! 
Skylar felt amused. “What should I do to make you believe in me?” 
“I won’t believe it unless I catch you two in bed.” Natalie acted as if she the truth. 
could see everything and knew 
She believed Skylar had no way of deceiving her. She was smart enough and not easily duped. 
To be blunt, if the person Skylar had mentioned had been another man, Natalie would have believed it. But she would never believe it if that man was Joe. 
Skylar noticed Jeremy leaving the restaurant and told Natalie. “You’d better think about how to tell Mr. Hughes you want to go to work first.” 
Natalie followed Skylar’s gaze and spotted Jeremy. She then replied, “I’ll talk to him properly. Be careful on the road. Let me know when you get home.”
###chapter368
Natale glanced behind Jeremy as he approached. “Did you leave first?” 
He nodded “Yes. I did Come on, lets get in the car.” 
When he saw Natalie, he felt panicked and had a premonition that she would leave him. 
He abruptly became sober at that point. Why had he seemed to have forgotten her during this period? It seemed that he subconsciously hadn’t wanted to return to her. 
Natalie had no idea what Jeremy was thinking, but there was an invisible change in their relationship. 
She didn’t say anything as she got into the car. After all, she didn’t know what to say. She even wondered when they’d last had a good conversation. 
Tve indeed been too busy during this time. Are you angry with me?” Jeremy suddenly held Natalie’s hand. 
Her hand was soft and small. He could hold her whole hand easily. 
It was time for him to stop fooling around. He needed to avoid hurting her feelings because of other people. 
Natalie shook her head. “I’m not. I understand you’re busy supporting our family. So, I’m not angry.” 
Jeremy softly reminded her, “Why did you run away when you saw me just now? We’re married, and you’re my wife. If you have any questions, just ask me. Don’t make random guesses.
Understand?” 
She was no longer angry, but she felt strange in her heart. Despite her desire to dismiss it, she knew it was there. 
The man in front of her was the same Jeremy she had known for many years. But… 
“I thought you had something to discuss with your friends. If I had stayed there, I might’ve disturbed you.” Natalie found an excuse. 
Jeremy held her hand tightly. “Remember, no matter what happens or what anyone says something to you, don’t believe it.” 
“Why did you say that all of a sudden?” Natalie was stunned. 
Would someone say something inappropriate to her? Jeremy looked serious. 
Jeremy realized his anxiety had caused him to slip up. 
He immediately tried to fix it. “It’s nothing. I just thought of it and told you. I travel a lot and don’t have time to be with you. You might overthink it.” 
Natalie thought he understood her too well “To be honest, I did think a lot during this period. I’ve thought of many things I shouldn’t. 
“After calming down, I kept reminding myself that you’re busy and working hard. I mustn’t overthink it.” 
The way she wholeheartedly trusted him made his heart tighten. 
What had he been doing all this time? He’d been out of his mind! 
He couldn’t lose Natalie. If she knew about the crazy things he’d done during this period, she wouldn’t accept it! 
After they got home, they chatted for a while. When Natalie went to take a shower, Jeremy went to the study and made a phone call. 
“Submit your resignation letter tomorrow. I’ll pay you. Don’t appear in front of me from now on. Also, don’t have any delusions. You’d better keep our matter a secret.” 
His heartlessness was evident in every word he blurted out. 
At first, Annabelle had been pleased when she received his call. But then her delight gave way to shock, and she paled immediately. She thought she’d heard him wrong. 
###chapter369
Mr Hughes have I done something wrong? Why are your driving me away?” 
Annabelle panicked. There had been nothing wrong with Jeremy until today, and he hadn’t gone home in a long time. 
She had thought that he would lose interest in Natalin, who couldn’t compare to her in every aspect, and would soon give her an official status. 
They had even had sex once in the morning. But now, his attitude had shifted after just a few hours! 
Jeremy had no patience and stated coldly, “I dor want Nath to know about you. Remember that.” After saying that, he hung up the call without giving Annabelle a chance to speak. 
She stared at the phone with widened eyes, obviously in disbelief. 
He didn’t want Natalie to know about her? Jeremy was too heartless! 
“Even if we were together and had sex during this period, you still don’t love me! I’ve paid so much! I fell in love with you a long time ago. 
“No one knows how much effort I’ve put into joining your company. Thanks to my hard work, I was finally able to join it. But no matter how excellent I am, you never looked at me properly and only treated me like an ordinary employeel 
“I spent too much for your attention. I won’t leave. I can’t leave! It would be fine if Natalie was better than me, but she’s inferior to me in every aspect!” 
Annabelle kept murmuring through gritted teeth in her 3,200–square–foot upscale apartment. 
After the call, Jeremy deleted Annabelle’s contact from his contacts list and blocked her on WhatsApp: He also deleted all the call records–as if doing so would make Annabelle disappear completely. 
Natalie never checked his phone. She trusted him and believed he wouldn’t do anything to harm her. 
However, during this period… 
Jeremy turned cold. He soon brushed his thoughts aside and walked out of the study. 
When he returned to the bedroom,/Natalie had already had a shower and changed into loungewear. Seeing him return, she asked relaxingly, “Are you done with your work?” 
Whenever he entered the study, it meant he had some urgent matters to attend to. She was merely puzzled as to 
why he had finished so soon. 
Jeremy nodded. “I got everything done.” 
Natalie then said, “I forgot to tell you something on the way back. I found a job and will start work 
tomorrow. I’ll be Austin Powell’s assistant. 
“Vogte 160 busy. You havent come home in simost & month I can’t control my emotions at home, so lá like to go to work for a change. 
Jeremy frowned when he heard that Natalie was heading to work. Tve indeed been too busy to be with you during this period. I’ll have more time these days. 
“Everything is complicated outside. If you work as a celebrity’s assistant, you might face numerous challenges 
Natalie could spend as much money as she wanted, but she didn’t have to suffer. 
“Also, don’t you want children?, We can put it on the agenda right now.” 
She smiled bitterly in her heart as she saw him reject her idea without hesitation. “Just let me have my way this time.” 
Jeremy approached Natalie and raised her chin, intending to kiss her. 
She blushed and avoided him. “Have you forgotten? I’m on my period.” 
It wasn’t an ideal moment for her to menstruate, yet it had happened at this time. She could tell he wanted to have sex with her. 
“Can’t you promise me? Austin usually has no work or schedule. I’ll have nothing to do besides always staying at home. I’ll still have plenty of time. 
“As for the child, we can’t have it even if we want it now. We ought to let nature take its course. Honey, don’t you love me the most? Promise me, okay?” 
Jeremy couldn’t stand Natalie’s coquettishness and finally nodded in agreement. 
Joe returned to Galaxy Villa after bidding farewell to John. 
As he entered the villa, he noticed Skylar taking things out of shopping bags and placing them in the refrigerator. 
Skaber heard someone appreaching from behind, she look out two bottles of yogurt from t 
###chapter370
took a look and saw that it was peach favored sugar free yogurt. He took both bottles, unscr the caps, and returned one to Skylar, 
She accepted it and took a sip. “It tastes good.” The flavor of peaches paired with the strong aroma of vogurt made her relish every sip. 
Joe took a sip after hearing her praise for the yogurt. It tasted acceptable to him. He then set the yogurt aside and helped Skylar put the things from the shopping bags in the refrigerator. 
She felt satisfied as she looked at the packed refrigerator. “It’s finally full 
Joe washed his hands before sitting on the couch. 
Skylar saw that and went to wash her hands as well. As she looked at Joe sitting on the couch, she felt confused. She could tell he had something to tell her. 
She washed some fruits before sitting across from him. 
“Let’s have some fruits,” Skylar stated. She had picked the fruits while passing by a market before she had returned home. They were all fresh. 
Joe picked up an apple but didn’t eat it. 
Skylar’s gaze was uncontrollably drawn to his hand which was holding the apple. 
His fingers were long and straight, and his nails were round and neat. The watch on his wrist perfectly highlighted the allure of his hands. 
She unconsciously recalled a scene when he had touched her with those hands. 
Skylar didn’t dare to look any further and quickly looked away, staring at the apple in her hand. 
Joe suddenly asked, “When you saw me in the restaurant, why didn’t you come forward and claim me as your husband?” 
Skylar was surprised when she heard that. “Claim?” 
Had she heard him wrong? 
“Given the situation at that time, it seemed that we weren’t the main parties there, but Nath and Mr. Hughes.” 
Moreover, she was used to pretending not to know him whenever she was outside. After all, even Natalie thought the two of them couldn’t possibly be a couple. 
Joe raised his eyebrow coldly, obviously dissatisfied with Skylar’s answer. “Are you and Jeremy’s wife good friends?” 
Yes, she’s my best friend.” 
His eyes moved slightly when he took a bite of the sweet apple. “You don’t have to pretend like you don’t 
know me when we’re outside from now on.” 
Skylar smiled. “You don’t have to pretend like you don’t know me either.” 
They had an agreement on certain issues. For instance, pretending to be strangers when they were outside had always been a tacit agreement between them. He couldn’t find fault with her. 
Joe was rendered speechless. 
Skylar glanced at the time. “I didn’t eat much when I was at the restaurant. I’m a little hungry, so I’m going to make a simple dessert. Do you want some?” 
“Make me some.” 
“Okay.” 
Joe was reading a book on the couch while Skylar concentrated on making dessert in the kitchen. But when he heard a faint sound in the kitchen, he stood up and walked over. 
He stood in front of the kitchen door, staring at Skylar, who was fully focused on her work. Then, he remembered the photo John had sent him not too long ago. 
When Skylar made desserts, she was as concentrated as she was when restoring antiques. Perhaps she wasn’t aware that when she focused on one thing, she seemed different from usual. 
###chapter371
It was as though there was something magnetic in the alt, making him unable to look away 
When Skylar looked over, Joe had grabbed a cigarette and was about to light it. Their gazes met, and Joe 
tell his heart stutter. 
T be done soon, Skylar said, thinking Joe was getting impatient. 
Joe’s gaze never wavered from her as he let out a soft hum in response. Tightening his grip on the cigarette, he left the villa. 
He left the door open as he took a deep drag of his cigarette. As the smoke wafted before his eyes, he gradually managed to suppress the emotions roiling in his heart. 
John had initially freed up his time for Joe and Jeremy. They hadn’t had a good get–together for a while now. So, he wanted to spend some quality time with his buddies. 
Alas, they promptly abandoned him after bumping into Skylar and Natalie. He clicked his tongue in annoyance. He had no choice but to go home now. 
Although he was already engaged, he didn’t have anything in common with his fiancée. 
When he arrived home, he was just in time to see Alexander returning home with the limping Caleb in tow. 
“Didn’t you say you won’t be home for dinner?” Alexander shot a look at John. 
John answered, “I had an appointment with Joe and the others. Sadly, they were busy and had to leave.” Then, he glanced at Caleb. “Why are you with him?” 
“He’ll be coming with me to work from now on. He said he wanted to be Skylar’s assistant. People have been badgering me just to get to her these past two days. It’ll be nice to have someone in my corner,” Alexander said. 
Caleb straightened his spine and said, “Uncle John, I’ve got lots of redeeming qualities. For one, I’m hard- working. I’ve already decided I’ll be studying under Skylar.” 
He refused to believe he would fail to gain some knowledge if he remained in her presence. 
“Dad, I don’t think he’s being serious when he said he’ll become Skylar’s assistant. Frankly, pigs will start flying before Skylar gives him a shot,” John said bluntly. He had seen just how deeply Joe cared for Skylar. Sure, he had seen how scared Jeremy had become at the thought that Natalie would find out about his affair with Annabelle. Hence, it made sense why he rushed home. He wanted to get back into Natalie’s good graces. 
Meanwhile, there was only one reason why Joe would rush home. That was because he had unknowingly fallen for Skylar. 
There was no way Joe would tolerate someone else eyeing someone he loved. 
Alexander sized Caleb up before saying. He doesnt think of her that way, Skylars brilliant. She il found him out with just a look. Then, he’ll lose a golden opportunity when she gets rid of him.” 
Im not aiming to be her lover, Still, it’ll be okay if we stay as good friends, right? Uncle John, you’d better give your brain a good wash. Stop looking at things with those sorts of lenses,” Caleb said. 
He merely received a look from John for his efforts. Was he being looked down on? 
He was still young. He could afford to wait! 
He would give them his blessing if her partner treated her well. Of course, he would snatch the spot as her boyfriend if her partner was abysmal. 
In any case, he wasn’t about to blab his true thoughts to anyone. 
No one had to know. 
John arched an eyebrow. “Is that so?” 
“I’m not that petty. Why can’t it be so?” Caleb let out a derisive snort. 
Alexander abruptly shifted the conversation to John. “If you’re free, you should visit Melody. You’re about to get married. Why are you loafing about at home?” 
If only John could give him a granddaughter who was as talented and smart… Well, he would be praising God till the end of his days. 
John had no idea he would be dragged into this mess. So, he immediately sauntered off. “I’m leaving. I have a date with Melody, a dinner date.” 
He would rather party the night away than listen to his father nagging at him. If he stayed a second longer, he swore Alexander would start nagging him about children. 
Kenny was scrolling through WhatsApp in the hospital, checking to see whether Skylar had texted hint back. Although he already knew what to expect, he was still uncomfortable. 
Did she forget that he was her brother? How could she ignore him like that? 
He refused to believe that she didn’t see his message. 
Just then, two equally gloomy faces appeared in his ward. They were none other than Samuel and Peter. 
###chapter372
When they noticed that karey was alone in the ward, Peter asked, “Where’s Maley 
She had to help a trend i can take care of Mom alone, Kenny replied. 
Samuel was far from satisfied with his answer. “Mom’s still recovering right now. Isn’t she more important than some friend of hers?” 
Kenny furrowed his brows in displeasure “Our world doesn’t revolve around Mom. Maisy did her best to help out when this whole thing happened. There’s no need to be so strict with her. Don’t you guys have 
things to handle too?” 
“Enough. We shouldn’t be fighting right now.” Peter was done with the fights. 
Then, he glanced at Sadie, who was sleeping fitfully in bed. Just one look at her was enough to annoy him 
to high heaven. 
“I’m so sick of this! Why is everything crumbling down around us? The company’s in trouble. Mom’s unwell. 
“And my job? God! I was clearly picked for some of the roles. Yet, they called me to say they’ve chosen someone else? Now, I have no roles to play!” Samuel vented all his frustrations. 
When he looked for the director or asked the top brass, they would either leave him on read or claim that 
he wasn’t suited to the role. 
Some would even tell him to take a break and consider brushing up on his acting skills. 
Him? Brushing up on his acting skills? What a joke! 
Kenny’s frown deepened at his words. “You’re right about that much. My job hasn’t been smooth sailing. 
either.” 
“The company won’t hold on for much longer. Dad and I are trying our best to hold things together. We 
might not be able to keep an eye on family matters. So, now the only thing we can do is make Skylar return home,” Peter said solemnly. 
“Didn’t you say you have a plan to get her back here?” Kenny was done with this situation. He had applied for leave just to take care of Sadie. 
It would be fine if Sadie appreciated his help. Alas, she wasn’t happy with him and certainly wasn’t pleased with Maisy. The company was also dissatisfied with him. 
At this point, it would be best if Skylar returned to them. 
“Wait till tomorrow. We’ll be bringing the reporters and the media to look for Skylar tomorrow. 
“There’s a popular show recently. Its goal is to mediate all sorts of issues. There will be experts in the field showing up as well. 
“When the time comes, Skylar will have no choice but to come home. Since Mom wants Skylar home, she had to return,” Peter said coldly. 
Samuel scoffed derisively. “She deserves this much! This time, everyone will see her true colors. They’ll see what a bad daughter she is! She’ll have no choice but to listen to our demands and come with us. 
Kenny was startled. “You’ll go that far?” 
He had a feeling that the gap between them and Skylar would only widen further. If anything, this would be detrimental if they wanted to patch things up with her. 
“If we don’t do this, do you think Skylar would listen to us? We’ve given her plenty of chances. She refused them all! Have you seen her being nice to us even once? 
“What kind of job can she even get at Gardner Group? Won’t it be better if she comes home and takes care of Mom? We’ll just compensate her for her time. 
“It’ll be far better than her spending her money on sugar babies. God, just thinking about her actions makes me sick,” Samuel said through gritted teeth. 
Charles had even punched him over this matter! 
“We’ve already talked to the media about this. They think this issue will get them lots of clicks. There will be plenty of people willing to watch this. So, they’ll do their best to persuade Skylar and force her. She won’t have a choice,” Peter said. 
Kenny nodded after heating their plan. “Then, let’s proceed with your plan. We’ve given her several chances. She’s just too stubborn.” 
“You can leave Mom to the nurse tomorrow. We’ll find Skylar together. The more people we have in our corner, the more pressure she’ll be under.” Peter wasted no time making a decision. 
Just then, Sadie gradually regained consciousness. She only managed to remember what she 
experienced after laying eyes on her sons. 
“I had a nightmare earlier. We were awful to Skye. She got into a car accident. One that was even worse than mine. However, none of us took care of her. 
“We left her for dead. She got into a car accident because she wanted to save me. Yet, I thought of her as nothing but a burden. After that… Karma came for us. We all died gruesome deaths!
###chapter373
Sadie’s popds were blown wide, utterly filed with terror. Her voice was shaky as die tried to get the words but it was clear that the nightmare was not an ordinary one. 
All of you. All of you were also awful toward Skye. All you can see is Maisy Yoire complete w Skyel Do you even know what you’ve done?” 
Sadie was practically screaming at them at this point. Her voice was gentural, and the frantic look in eyes made her seem like she had stepped out of a horror movie. 
The sight scared the living daylights out of her sons 
“Mom, you’ve already said it was a nightmare. Nightmares aren’t real! You just miss Sk for too much. That’s why you’ve had that dream. You know full well that drearms arerit real Yenny hastly advised ter 
It was just a dream. Why was Sadie behaving like this? 
What did she mean by Skylar getting into a car accident? The one who had gotten into an accident was 
her! 
Frankly, he’d rather Skylar be the one suffering right now. If that were the case, they wouldn’t be suffering this torment. 
“Mom, stop fussing about it. It’s just a dream. There’s no need to shout, Samuel said impatiently. 
Sadie swept her gaze across the impatient look on her sons‘ faces. She had seen that expression on her own face in that nightmare. 
She had treated Skylar the same way they were treating her. In fact, she had treated Skylar worse. Skylar would never dream of expressing her wants or needs. That was because Sadie would erupt in anger the moment she saw Skylar frown. 
Sadie would think that Skylar was doing it on purpose and that she wasn’t a good and obedient daughter. Her back was drenched with cold sweat at the thought. Although it was a dream, it felt far too real. 
“It doesn’t feel like a dream. It feels like something that has happened before. I want to see her! I have to see her!” 
Sadie desperately wanted to see Skylar with her own two eyes. She had no idea why she was feeling this way. She obviously didn’t like Skylar. 
She had always thought that Skylar wasn’t as outstanding as Maisy. After all, Maisy had the best education, while Skylar was just a mere country bumpkin. 
Sadie had never once treated Skylar kindly when her daughter returned to the Williams family 
However, after her car accident, she knew just what Maisy thought of her. 
Her children all claimed they were taking care of her. Yet, each of them only treated her with impatience. 
It was especially so for Maisy, who didn’t even care about her well–being. 
Sadie could differentiate sincerity from fake kindness. Maisy probably prayed that she died in the car crash instead of surviving the ordeal and burdening them. 
“That’s enough. You’ll get your wish! You’ll see Skylar soon enough,” Peter said harshly. 
Samuel inhaled sharply, trying to suppress his anger as he barked, “Mom, don’t tell us about your dream in the future. It’s so annoying! 
“In the past, you’ve always told us dreams are fake. There’s no need to breathe life into it. So, why are you being so unreasonable now? 
“If your dream is true, then I genuinely hope the person who got into a car accident and lost her legs was Skylar!” 
###chapter374
You You 
If Sadie could shoot lasers from her eyes, she would have. Black spots were clouding her vision due to the sheer fury. 
She had a nightmare and was scared out of her wits because it felt incredibly real. Yet, none of her sons sat down and talked to her gently. Instead, they were all reprimanding her. 
Did she truly give birth to them? 
Before her accident, she had always thought her, sons and her daughter, Maisy, were her pride and joy. They were respectful of her and were attentive to her needs. 
In her eyes, Skylar was nothing compared to them. 
The nightmare…. 
The scenes of her nightmare played out like an awful and demented play. At first, she was horrified. Then, she started reflecting. Toward the end, all she had was remorse. 
She was experiencing exactly what Skylar had suffered. However, if she were to be specific, she was receiving much better treatment than Skylar ever had. 
If the nightmare were events that had happened, then was she even worthy of the title “Mom“? 
my sons! All th 
“None of you should call yourselves blood, sweat, and tears giving birth and raising all of you were wasted!” Sadie shrieked in outrage. 
Kenny disliked hearing things like that. “Mom, we’ve tossed everything aside just to care for you ever since your car accident. Is it not enough? 
“We understand that you can’t accept your current condition. However, the past is set in stone. Can you please calm down? Stop hurting us and hurting yourself, okay?” 
Peter and Samuel had a sullen look on their faces, unwilling to speak with Sadie. 
In the end, Sadie could only glare at Kenny, who was reprimanding her, before crying tears of regret. 
Skylar had a rather stuffed bag as she walked to work the next day. The bag was filled with local goods and snacks. She wanted to share them with her colleagues. 
Although she had a few more days off, she decided to come to work after hearing her colleagues complain about their heavy workload. 
After all, she still had a mortgage to pay off. She also had the refurbishing fee to consider. 
On the way to her work, she received a text from Natalie. She was standing before a villa and beaming at the camera. 
“This is my first day of work! I’m feeling great! Wish me luck, Skye!” 
Skylar texted her back during a red light, “Good luck at work, Natty! Text me if you need help.” 
Soon, she arrived at Gardner Group. She smoothly parked her car, took her purse, and strode into the company with her card in hand. 
Just as she was about to step through the entrance, one of her colleagues rushed straight for her. 
“Skylar, don’t come to work today. Those people who were troubling you brought the media and reporters over! Security has already called the cops. The police will be here soon. I’ll call you once everything has died down.” 
The smile on Skylar’s face disappeared. She swept her gaze across the hall and noticed several people standing by the entrance. 
Some of them had mics in their hands. Some were carrying heavy–duty cameras. She also spotted Kenny and Samuel sandwiched between them.. 
When her colleague noticed the frown on her face, he hastily said, “Don’t worry. We’ll handle this. Mr. Gardner Senior has already given us his orders.” 
Skylar was about to leave when she received a call. 
“Steven.” 
“Skye, don’t go to work today. Just stay put at home, alright?” Steven intoned seriously. 
Skylar’s frown deepened as she asked, “Steven, what’s going on?” 
Did Steven find out just what the Williamses want? 
That couldn’t be it. 
###chapter375
Her workistace was quite a distance away from Steven’s, So, there was no way Steven would know that Key and his posse had brought the media over to the company 
If that were the case.. 
Skylar shot a glance at the entrance. She quickly noticed that Peter and Maisy weren’t there. 
Did the two look for Steven? 
just a minor matter. I can handle it.” Steven didn’t divulge anything, worried that Skylar would get upset. 
Skyter could vaguely hear something familiar during her call with Steven. It seemed that he was taking the 
train. 
He should be at work at this hour. He was staying near his company. It should only take him a ten–minute walk to get to his office. There was no need for him to board a train. 
Janine’s face suddenly flashed in Skylar’s mind. 
“Steven, I’m already at work. I saw Kenny and the others bringing a group of reporters over to me. My colleagues say that they’ll handle it. Did Peter and Maisy do the same to Mom?” 
Steven’s breathing came to a suspicious stop before he said, “Yes, they did exactly that. Mom didn’t answer the door. 
worry and don’t 
“So, they stayed out there like a pack of hyenas. I’m going home to deal with them. Don’t meet them. My friend said they want to use the media to force you into agreeing to their demands.” 
Some of the netizens would be led by the nose and start criticizing Skylar. When that happened, Skylar would be forced to do as they pleased. 
They were utterly despicable! 
“Steven, just go to work. You can’t afford to show your face. I’ll be right over. Don’t you worry. I know how to handle these pests.” Skylar resolutely decided before Steven could persuade her otherwise. 
She couldn’t dodge out of this mess now. Instead, she had to face them head–on. 
She certainly didn’t want Steven and her family to be dragged into this farce. 
Steven and her family would have nothing to gain but everything to lose once their faces were public knowledge. 
Meanwhile, she had nothing to lose. 
So, she immediately drove straight home. Thankfully, there were barely any red lights dragging her journey out. Within 30 minutes, she arrived at her destination. 
There were already quite a few people congregating around her apartment complex. Since most of the 
beople living there were elderly citizens, they were all retired and had nothing to do. 
Although the media might not be able to gather a crowd in the usual areas, this was not the case here. 
Skylar curled her lips into a cold smirk and climbed up the stairs. 
Even the stairs were packed with people. 
Some of her neighbors recognized her. 
“Skylar, you’re home? The media’s asking for you.“. 
The elderly lady looked at Skylar curiously. 
Some of them couldn’t help but ask, “I heard your birth mother got into an accident and you didn’t even visit. Well, we don’t believe you’re someone like that. You… didn’t do that, did you?” 
“She’s your birth mother, after all. It’s rather rude not to see her after she got into an accident, don’t you think?” 
“That’s right. I even heard she’d lost her legs. All she wants is to see you. What kind of mother wouldn’t want to see their daughter?” 
Skylar let those remarks roll off her like water off a duck’s back. She didn’t care about what they thought of her. The only thing she cared about was whether they had hurt Janine. 
When she walked up to the seventh floor, the first thing that greeted her was the people working for the broadcasting station, Peter, and Maisy. 
To make matters worse, Maisy was even trying to persuade Janine to open up. “Mom, just open the door. Peter and I just want to settle matters, that’s all. 
“We just want to unravel the misunderstandings between my mother and Skylar. My mother’s condition is awful. She really wants to see Skylar.” 
“Ms. Yancey, hiding away won’t solve matters. Please open the door,” advised one of the reporters. 
The cameraman’s camera was already rolling, recording all the dilemmas the Williamses were facing. When this show aired, they would definitely attract the audience’s attention. 
###chapter376
Their show would always face some sort of crisis before finally ending happily. After all, it was a show meant to mediate conflict. If there weren’t any dilemmas, their show wouldn’t be aired at all. 
“The person you’re looking for is here!” exclaimed one of the neighbors. 
They immediately turned to the stairwell and noticed Skylar standing right there. 
The host wasted no time rushing to her and drowning her in a deluge of questions. “Excuse me, are you Skylar?” 
“Do you know what image right means? You’ve come to my home unannounced without my consent. In fact, you’ve even brought cameras to record a video without permission! 
“I think your show doesn’t lack popularity. What it lacks is a lawyer’s letter!” Skylar remained unfazed as she retorted coldly. 
Then, her gaze swept to the guilty Maisy and the sullen Peter before saying, “Do you think you’ve won because you got the media on your side? Are you trying to force me into your bidding by using the public? 
“In the past, I merely thought you were inhumane. Looks like I was wrong. You guys are worse than the dogs in the kennels!” 
Only then did the firmly locked door click open. When Janine was about to appear before everyone, Skylar hastily said, “Mom, close the door. You shouldn’t waste your time on these people.” 
She then said to the host, “I’ve already called the police, and my lawyer will be here soon. You’re a show claiming to have the ability to solve all sorts of problems. 
“Yet, you haven’t even looked into the core issue before approaching us. Who gave you the right to do so?” 
Skylar only bothered to give the media her attention after herding Janine back home. 
The host had never seen someone so stubborn when they were in the wrong. 
The show’s director and Peter knew one another. Besides, the famous star, Samuel, was one of the Williamses. 
An affluent family like them wouldn’t have bothered hiring their show if they truly had some skeletons in their closet. 
Still, there was no denying that Skylar’s demeanor was as tough as nails. Her fury was so righteous that it made them feel as if they had made a huge blunder. 
The participants in their previous shows had never called their lawyers or called the cops. 
Skylar had called Paul on her way home. She had urged him to introduce her to a lawyer before promptly dialing 911. 
There was no need to be courteous when dealing with pests. 
There was only one way to deal with them. 
“Calling the cops and hiring a lawyer isn’t how you’re supposed to deal with your issues, Ms. Sullivan, 
We’re here to help you. We’ll help you all mediate your problems. 
“I’m sure it’ll be a win for both parties if your misunderstandings could be alleviated in some way, wouldn’t you say? After all, you are family, no?” 
The host was quick on the uptake. 
Peter took the chance to interject, “We’re here only with one goal in mind. You don’t have to be so hostile.” 
Maisy didn’t want to say a word. Skylar had dirt on her right now. 
Actually, she didn’t want to be there at all. Alas, Pater had suggested she made an appearance. She didn’t. want them to suspect her. So, she had no choice but to come. 
“A goal, you say?” Skylar bared her lips into a mirthless smile. 
Her phone suddenly chimed. She looked down and noticed it was a text from Joe. 
“Do you need my help?” 
###chapter377
Things could be settled easily as long as Joe made an appearance. However… 
“Thank you but I can handle it for now. Mr. 
are coming soon, the only thing I have to legler has already introduced me to a lawyer. Since the cops 
do is bring the lawyer up to speed.” 
Joe, who was working at Martin Group, couldn’t help but narrow his eyes at Skylar’s reply. After a beat, he placed his phone aside. 
Jacky would handle this matter flawlessly. 
Before he could do anything else, he received a call from John. 
“Have all the Williamses gone nuts? Aren’t they just signing their death warrant? They actually hired people to go to Gardner Group and tried to interview our employees! 
“They even wanted to use Gardner Group as a stepping stone to hype the whole show. God, I swear the 
Williamses are a few screws short! 
“In fact, the show’s director has clearly lost it too! Do they think the Gardner Group is some stray cat they can bully? Do they think your wife is some little lamb?” 
It was as clear as day that John was utterly disgusted by the Williamses‘ stunt. 
Joe lit a cigarette and recalled the aloof demeanor Skylar had when facing him. He felt rather uncomfortable by her distance. “How did you guys handle it?” 
John noticed the subtle change in Joe’s voice, and his self–preservation instinct was kicked into high gear. 
“Caleb knows what to do when it comes to these rats. We’ll pull a few strings here and there. 
“We’re planning to dig up some of the scandals this show has been involved in and ensure their scandal will be trending for a month. Then, we’ll expose the Williamses‘ ugly faces for all the world to see. 
“Don’t worry. Skylar won’t be affected. They shouldn’t have tried to mess with the Gardners. If they lose a limb or a few fingers because of some debt… Well, they only have their bad luck to blame, don’t they?” 
Joe seemed pleased by his answer. “Good. Did you get any dirt on the show’s director?” 
“We looked into him and found something useful.” John knew full well just what kind of man Joe was. He was ruthless and absolutely merciless. 
If this was back in the day, he would probably be one of those blue–blooded aristocrats who wouldn’t blink an eye at murder. 
“Our goal is simple. We hope you’ll do your duty as a daughter by visiting Mom and help us take care of her. Mom is still recuperating right now. She needs support and care from her family,” Peter said. standing 
The host awmediately cut in, “Although you’ve just returned to them, you can’t deny that Mrs. Williams is your birth mother. She needs her family right now. 
doesn’t matter what reason you have. It’s simply improper for you not to visit her. I understand that you didn’t grow up with your family. But you should be understanding. I’m sure your mother didn’t want that to 
happen either.” 
“That’s right, Skye. You should just go with them and visit her.” 
You’re such a good daughter toward your adoptive mother. Why are you so cold to your birth mother?” 
“If I were you, I would’ve visited her already.” 
The masses were quick to join the peanut gallery and help Peter. 
When the host saw their reaction, she was confident their ratings would go up. Once the show was aired, this villainess of a daughter would definitely be the talk of the town. 
She truly wanted to know whether this heartless daughter would regret not going to the hospital. 
Peter was very satisfied with the result. He wanted to use these people to force Skylar into obedience. 
“See? The public has spoken. They know what’s right and wrong. No one could live life as a heartless. robot. Your mother’s at the hospital, desperately asking for you, hoping to see you. 
“A patient’s mentality is very frail at such a time. I’m sure your mother feels far more agonized over the fact that you didn’t grow up by her side.” The host continued to add fuel to the fire. 
Skylar turned to Peter and curled her lips into a slight smile. “You just want me to visit her? That’s it?” 
Peter frowned as his expression turned awkward. “Mom wants you to take care of her at the hospital. She wants you to be with her in the future. Just move back in with us. That way, she can see you whenever 
she wants.” 
“Earlier, you said you only wanted me to visit me. Now, you added the condition of me taking care of her. Are you going to make me resign and become your family’s maid next?” Skylar shot back snarkily. 
Peter’s frown deepened as he refuted, “Don’t twist my words. We’ll pay you if you resign and take care of her. The pay will be higher than whatever you’re earning now. Isn’t this a win for you?”
###chapter378
The host’s eyes gradually widened. She turned to look at Peter in disbelief. 
That wasn’t in the script? Weren’t they being utterly outrageous with their terms? 
Soon, the host came to a realization. She had heard that affluent families weren’t as peaceful and idyllic as they appeared. Now, it seemed that those rumors were right, and they were bullying innocent people. 
“How much can you pay me monthly? Give me an estimate.” Skylar looked at her watch. Jacky told her he would arrive in another ten minutes. 
you’re 
“Youll get about two thousand per month. This is more than enough for your daily needs. I’m sure only getting paid about one grand, yes?” Peter couldn’t help the snobby tone tingeing his voice the second they started discussing wages. 
Two thousand was quite a sum for most people working in Jipsburg. Besides, Skylar was a new hire. How much could she possibly earn? 
Maisy couldn’t help but frown in dissatisfaction upon hearing his words. Why was he paying Skylar two thousand just to take care of their mother? 
The maids–working for them were only getting paid one thousand! Wasn’t Peter being far too kind toward Skylar? 
He might as well be giving Skylar the money for free! 
Once the pretentious looks on the siblings‘ faces appeared, the wisened audiences immediately figured something was amiss. 
“Do you know how much I’m earning per month?” Skylar couldn’t help the chuckle escaping her lips. She had no idea where Peter had the audacity to act so haughty. 
“It doesn’t matter how much you earn. The point here is to be a dutiful daughter. Isn’t that right, Ms. Sullivan?” The host hastily tried to clean up the mess the siblings hád made. 
прог 
Skylar turned her attention to the host and said, “If being a dutiful child is so important, why aren’t you teaching them how to care for their mother in the hospital? 
“Why are you dragging me into this farce? They refuse to do the dirty work. So, they’re foisting it off on me. A person who doesn’t even share the same last name as them. Are you telling me this is legal?” 
“Why does this whole thing feel so off? They claim they’re family but Skylar’s so–called brother is so mean to Skylar.” 
“I feel the same! She’s right. Why aren’t they the ones taking care of their mother? What right do they have to make her resign just to take care of someone else? 
“I heard Janine say that Skylar’s doing well at work. Also, she had just joined the workforce quite recently. Aren’t they just being bullies?” 
their mother. The longer I think about it, the weirder things are for me.” 
Skylar overheard her neighbors‘ whispered discussion and thought, “The Williamses are merely one rotten apple in a batch of good apples. Most people do have solid moral principles and good
judgment.” 
Did the Williamses think that they were geniuses while everyone else was an empty–headed fool? 
When the host noticed the tide shifting against them, she nearly burst a vein out of frustration. 
So, she turned to Peter and hissed frantically, “Are you perhaps mistaken? You actually meant you just want Ms. Sullivan to visit your mother often, am I right?” 
Of course, they didn’t want things to end with just a visit or two. Still, a crowd had gathered around them, and they were all defending Skylar. 
Peter frowned as he couldn’t play along with the host’s words. What was the point of arranging all this if he only wanted Skylar to visit? He was clearly doing this to force Skylar to take care of Sadie. 
“I’ve considered this a great deal. She loses nothing if she resigns. I’m sure the wages we give her are better than what she’s earning now. 
“Plus, she’ll just be taking care of our mother. It’s a perfect job for a woman.” Peter was no longer as harsh with his words as before. Nonetheless, he refused to change his stance on the matter. 
The host nearly rolled her eyes at the man. In the end, she could only change tactics and said to Skylar, “I think he has a point. Work doesn’t pay good money nowadays. 
“If you take care of your mother, they’ll pay you better than the market rate. Isn’t this a win for you? Actually, both of you will be winners here.” 
“I earn at least ten thousand per month. Can they afford to double that? Skylar asked the host expressionlessly. 
“Skylar, are you dreaming with that amount?” Peter growled angrily. 
Just then, someone who lived across Janine had just returned. They commented, “It’s not impossible. 4 heard Janine say that Skylar is a dutiful child. 
“A few days ago, she even bought a house. The family will be moving to their new home after they refurbish their home. Skylar’s amazing!” 
The host felt her face drain of all color upon hearing those words. 
###chapter379
Skylar could afford a house in Jipsburg right after getting a job? 
What was Skylar’s job? Wasn’t she just some random nobody in Gardner Group? 
Peter’s eyes were as wide as saucers. 
Maisy didn’t even bother to hide her disbelief. “How is that possible?” 
Skylar didn’t bother answering, seemingly unfazed by their reaction. 
Meanwhile, the host’s brain had stopped working. She had no idea how to salvage this situation. Fortunately, she received a call, saving her. “Yes, Mr. Loid?” 
The host’s pallor went paler and paler with each word coming from the director’s mouth. 
Once she ended the call, she immediately turned to Peter and demanded, “Did you or did you not hide something from the show?” 
The show had been up and running for more than a year. It was the first time they had ever run head–first into such a difficult situation. Now, they couldn’t even say with certainty that the show could go on. 
Peter couldn’t help but frown at her demands. He hadn’t quite shaken the shock of Skylar being a homeowner when he noticed a suited man approaching him. 
The man had a pair of gold–rimmed glasses perched on his nose and was none other than Jacky. Several police officers were following his lead. 
“Did you ask for my client’s consent to be on this show? That was the first thing Jacky asked the host. The host froze as her mind whirled. She swore she had seen this lawyer from some news somewhere. Meanwhile, Peter’s eyes nearly fell from their sockets when they landed on Jacky. “Why are you… You’re Skylar’s lawyer?” 
Jacky was Martin Group’s legal advisor. Why was he… Just how did Skylar manage to hire Jacky? 
“I’m Ms. Sullivan’s lawyer. I’ll be taking questions in her stead.” Jacky carried himself in a way that made it seem as though he had everything and everyone in the palm of his hand. 
It was as if their very lives were dancing to his tune–as if he was saying that those who had harmed his client had hell to pay. 
Then, he turned to inform the officers about the situation. 
The officers already had a vague picture of what had gone down. So, they turned to the show’s staff and said, “All of you will be making a statement. You can’t film someone without their consent even if you’re filming a show.” 
The show’s staff and the host were utterly baffled by this turn of events. 
However, if they were all taken into custody, their competitors would definitely use this opportunity to 
→ 
23:2 
attack them. Once that happened, their show would be done for! 
Suddenly, one of the officers received a call. His face turned grim after hearing the news. 
His voice became harsh as he said, “Your show has crossed the line! You’ve even brought your people to harass her workplace? 
“I’ll have you know that the Gardner Group’s lawyers are waiting for you lot at the police station! You’ll all be coming with us.” 
Skylar and Jacky were the only people utterly unmoved by the commotion. The show’s staff, Peter, and Maisy were dumbfounded. They couldn’t even spare a thought to hide their dismay. 
The host finally managed to recognize Jacky when she was downstairs. 
“Are you Mr. Lourdes?” 
Jacky glanced at her dispassionately. “Yes.” 
The host turned a worrying shade of white. 
Skylar didn’t expect Jacky to be this terrifying. He managed to scare the living daylights out of Peter and the host. 
###chapter380
Sadie sent Janine a text once everyone had been taken away, telling her that the issue was settled. Then, she informed Steven that the coast was clear now and she would fill him in once he was free. 
Afterward, they promptly went to the police station. 
Peter’s eyes kept glancing over Skylar and Jacky while they were stuck at the station 
Kenny, Samuel, and the other staff of the show were also present. 
Due to their large group, it made the space seem cramped. 
Nonetheless, the officers were still patiently taking their statements. 
Jacky felt his lips twitch as he read the text Joe sent before turning his attention to Skylar. 
Skylar couldn’t help but find the look in his eye odd and questioned, “Did you need something. Mr. 
Lourdes?” 
“It’s nothing” Jacky replied succinctly. 
Frankly, he wasn’t about to let this case slip his fingers even without Joe’s instructions. 
Kenny was sitting right next to Maisy. When he and Samuel saw Skylar, they might as well be trying to 
shoot lasers out of their eyes. 
How dare Skylar call the cops on them! 
They also couldn’t understand why the Gardner Group would go through all this–fuss for some measly worker. This was completely ridiculous. 
Recently, it seemed as if nothing they did would go right. It was so frustrating. 
Kenny had felt some guilt toward Skylar in the beginning. However, even that smidgen of guilt was gone. Instead, he was of the opinion that Skylar was nothing but trouble. 
Still, he was worried that Maisy was frightened by this turn of events. So, he comforted her, saying, “Don’t worry, Maisy. It’ll be fine.” 
Honestly, Maisy wasn’t afraid. Even if something were to happen, her brothers would be able to handle it. 
She just couldn’t understand how Skylar could get a job with a salary of ten thousand per month in Gardner Group. She remembered Skylar had just gotten herself hired. 
During their journey there, Peter had said that the Williamses and the show would be held accountable because of that lawyer, Jacky.. 
Jacky was Martin Groups legal advisor. So that meant Skylar could get her hands on Martin Group’s employees. Wouldn’t that mean her guess was right on the money? 
Skylar and Joe… 
Maisy bit her lip in frustration. She couldn’t stand this humiliation! 
Skylar noticed Kenny and Maisy being all touchy–feely from her peripheral view. It was quite noticeable. that they treated each other differently. 
Of course, one had to pay attention to the details to catch them at it. 
She couldn’t help but recall Christopher’s slip of the tongue in regard to their relationship. Then, she 
turned to Peter and Samuel, who were both utterly unaware of this sordid romance. 
She scoffed internally, “The Williams family is truly rotten to the core.” 
Meanwhile, Keppy and Samuel were 
utterly befuddled. 
“Skylar was in the wrong. Why should we apologize? Mom got into a car accident. She shirked her duties as a daughter. That’s why we got in touch with the show. She should be apologizing!” Samuel bellowed. 
Kenny also had a gloomy expression on his face. “Skye, you shouldn’t do this.” 
She had dragged them all to the police because of some quarrel? Just what did she want? 
He was wholly disappointed in Skylar! 
She and Maisy were both girls. Why was Skylar so different from Maisy? 
Maisy was good and obedient. She would never bring any trouble to the family. In contrast, Skylar would do anything in her power to raise hell within the family! 
Was it that hard for her to be an obedient girl? 
Jacky had a front–row seat to the Williamses‘ shamelessness. Soon, he recalled Joe’s words. 
Joe had said he didn’t want Skylar to waste her breath with a couple of trash, saying that their words would only rot her ears. 
He couldn’t help but click his tongue. 
Joe was worried about Skylar’s ears. Then, what about his ears? 
Nevertheless, he tilted his head toward Skylar and said, “You can leave this to me and go on your way. Ms. Sullivan.” 
Enjoy Ad–Free Readings 
###chapter381
Skylar nodded, ignoring Kenny and the others, and walked out. 
Wait! Peter suddenly called out to Skylar, 
Skylar turned around to look at him. 
“Let’s leave it at this. We’re not planning on letting you go back to take care of Mom. Just visit her at the hospital and chat with her. After all, we are family, and everything can be discussed and resolved. 
“There’s no need to bring a lawyer into this. What happened today was our fault.” Peter bit his lip as he spat those difficult words out. However, he had no choice but to say them. 
“Peter, are you crazy? Why are you apologizing to her? We did nothing wrong. It’s all her fault!” Samuel glared at Peter. His eyes were filled with disbelief. 
Kenny frowned while Maisy looked absent–minded. 
“Shut your mouth and don’t speak!” Peter immediately shouted. 
The two of them were too dimwitted. Couldn’t they tell that the people Skylar brought weren’t to be trifled with? They were too slow to react. 
In the face of Martin Group, they had no choice but to humble themselves. Otherwise, they may be in deep waters. 
Samuel was startled. 
Kenny’s face grew even darker. 
Skylar looked at Peter with a half–smile, “If there’s anything else, talk to my lawyer.” 
The production crew nearby didn’t dare to make a sound, 
At this point, they were utterly baffled by the turn of events. They had dealt with difficult people before, but this was the first time someone had brought in a lawyer against them. And the lawyer was someone powerful. 
With the show not fully recorded and certainly not ready for broadcast, they were in a mess and at a loss. for words. Even the director was stunned. 
Skylar took note of their expressions before leaving. 
Such an incident happened on her first day of work. She was in no mood to act polite with the Williamses or the production crew. It was clear they had taken bribes from Peter and conspired to set her up. 
Skylar walked straight out of the police station. 
Peter tensed up, and his eye’s filled with a chilling coldness. Skylar was so ungrateful! They gave her a way out, yet she refused to take it. 
After Skylar left, Maisy rolled her eyes. She put on a pitiful face and approached Jacky. 
In a delicate and gentle voice, she asked, “Mr. Lourdes, how much did Skylar pay you?” 
She couldn’t let it go and refused to believe it. Why was Skylar so lucky to catch Joe’s attention? 
Skylar must have paid Jacky a large sum or promised him some benefit. As for what that benefit could be, it was apparent–it must be her body. 
Jacky stared coldly at Maisy and muttered, “No comment.” 
Maisy bit her red lips, “I was just asking, Mr. Lourdes. You don’t have to be so heartless, do you? Besides, whatever Skylar offered, we can match it.” 
Jacky turned his gaze away. He had seen plenty of manipulative women in the workplace, and Maisy did 
not stand out. 
Maisy was upset that Jacky completely ignored her and looked at Kenny with teary eyes. 
Feeling sorry for Maisy, Kenny walked over and gently said, “No need to waste your breath. It doesn’t matter how much Skylar paid the lawyer, we did nothing wrong today.” 
Just as Skylar walked out of the police station, Joe called. 
###chapter382
Ts everything taken care of? Joe asked 
“It’s taken care of Mr. Lourdes told me to leave first, and he’ll handle the rest,” Skylar replied as she got 
into the car 
Skylar knew she wouldn’t have been able to get Jacky to handle this matter without Joe’s help, so she 
added. “Thank you” 
“How are you going to thank me?” Joe flicked his cigarette, his gaze distant and deep. 
His low and sexy voice came through the phone, just like when he seduced her at night, whispering in her ear. Every word made her heart race. Even though Joe wasn’t beside her, Skylar’s face turned red. 
“T’ll treat you to dinner,” she said, taking a deep breath and trying to keep her voice calm.” 
Joe snuffed his cigarette in the ashtray and exhaled the last puff. “I’ll eat you.” 
“What?” Skylar’s heart skipped a beat, thinking she had misheard. 
Hearing Skylar’s surprised response, Joe seemed to envision her shocked expression, and somehow, the Irritation in his chest dissipated. 
“Think carefully about how to thank me tonight.” 
Skylar heard him loud and clear this time. 
“Wasn’t last night-* 
She stopped herself mid–sentence. 
“Aren’t you worried about overworking yourself, Mr. Martin?” Skylar touched her burning face, trying to suppress the vivid images flashing through her mind, 
Joe replied, “A few more times wouldn’t hurt.” 
Skylar was speechless. 
Skylar didn’t go to work and took another day off. She first went to visit Janine and explained the current 
situation. 
Janine was furious with the Williamses, calling them immoral, selfish, and despicable. 
Steven was also there. They were relieved to hear that Skylar had hired a lawyer. That would resolve the issue well, and they wouldn’t have to face the Williamses themselves. 
“This time they should learn their lesson and stop bothering you,” Steven said gravely. 
Skylar smiled and said, “They’re quite forgetful, but they can’t hurt me.” 
Steven was about to say something when he suddenly thought of Joe. 
212 
The Williamses couldn’t hurt Skylar with Joe around. He had heard from friends about Jacky, the legal 
advisor for the Martin Group, a legendary lawyer in Jipsburg. He could resolve any issue. 
Suddenly, Steven remembered the recent incident involving Skylar, Christopher, and Maisy. Joe’s 
involvement was probably how Skylar could turn the situation around so quickly. 
“No matter what, you must be careful in the future,” Janine advised worriedly. 
“Okay, Mom, don’t worry.” 
After a while, Charles called to check on the situation. There were no secrets in their circle. 
Samuel had many fans and was often followed by paparazzi. He recently lost a lot of work, and there 
were rumors that his career in the entertainment industry was over. 
In just a few days, Samuel’s entire family had ended up at the police station, and a popular TV show was 
also involved. The news spread rapidly within an hour. 
“Don’t worry, Charles. It’s been settled.” 
Charles was still a bit uneasy. 
“Samuel is petty and vengeful. This time, things got a bit out of hand. Now both he and the show’s crew are trending on social media. Luckily, no videos or photos has you inside. In the future, if you
see them, just avoid them. It’s not about being afraid of them; it’s about avoiding unnecessary trouble.” 
Skylar felt warm inside and nodded, “Okay.” 
On her way back to Galaxy Villa, Skylar received a message from Jacky.
###chapter383
Peter issued a public apology representing the Williams family. His post was pinned on his Facebook 
page for a month 
The production team also pinned their apology on Facebook for a month. However, the issue was far from over Jacky said they offended Skylar and the Martin family this time 
Then, the Gardner family wouldn’t let the Williams family and the production team off the hook. However, Jacky also revealed one crucial piece of information–the most important person they offended was Joe 
Skylar thought of Joe’s phone call at the mention of his name. She owed him another favor. 
Jeremy glanced at his phone. Up to this point, Natalie had yet to send him a single message. 
Was she really that busy? 
He recalled what John said yesterday. Could it be that Natalie sensed something was wrong? 
“Shut your mouth and don’t speak!” Peter immediately shouted. 
“Mr. Hughes.” 
A familiar woman called out to him. Jeremy shifted his gaze from his phone to Annabelle. 
A seemingly ordinary outfit looked anything but ordinary on Annabelle. Her figure was exceptional, drawing admiring glances from many men wherever she went. However, Jeremy was an exception. 
Seeing it was Annabelle, Jeremy’s expression remained unchanged, his tone cold, “Who let you in?” 
Feeling Jeremy’s indifference, Annabelle’s eyes reddened with grievance, “Mr. Hughes, don’t you have any feelings for me? I thought you slept with me because you liked me. Mr. Hughes, you should know what kind of girl I am. You were my first.” 
A flash of coldness passed through Jeremy’s eyes. “I’m your first?” 
Annabelle bit her lip and continued, “I took the initiative because I liked you, Mr. Hughes.” 
“Just tell me, how much money do you want?” Jeremy asked impatiently. 
As Annabelle stepped closer, Jeremy felt himself waver. Memories of his time with Annabelle, wild and passionate, filled his mind. 
It was an experience Natalie could never provide. Every moment he spent with Annabelle had been Intense and extreme.. 
“I don’t want money, Mr. Hughes. I just want to be with you. You don’t have to put a label on us. Just let me stay in the company. When you want me, come to me. If you don’t need me, I’ll act like nothing happened. I will listen to you, Mr. Hughes, trust me.” 
hugged him. 
The familiar, intoxicating scent of her perfume filled his nose. Jeremy swallowed his words of refusal 
“Will you really listen?” he asked. 
Annabelle smiled and chided, “Yes! I’ll be the best. Mr. Hughes, I’ll do anything you ask!” 
As she finished speaking, her hands skillfully undid the man’s belt. “Trust me, Mr. Hughes.” 
Jeremy’s gaze deepened as he looked down at Annabelle. 
The atmosphere in the room turned passionate. 
Meanwhile, a message popped up on Jeremy’s phone. He noticed it from the corner of his eye but 
ignored it. 
###chapter384
Natalie sent Jeremy a photo and a voice message. The photo was of her wrapping up work for the day. 
She didn’t have a lot to do today. She mainly had to serve tea and water while Austin was on break and doing whatever the manager asked. It wasn’t tiring at all. 
Plus, she got to watch her idol act up close. She had to admit Austin’s acting skills were incredible. Watching him perform in person was incredibly captivating. 
She was utterly absorbed every time, even more so than watching a movie. She thought the other actors paled in comparison to Austin. They were only wasting his time and effort. 
She glanced at her phone, wondering what Jeremy was busy with since he had yet to reply. She was just asking if he’d be home for dinner. 
He had mentioned yesterday that work had eased up, and he could spend more time at home with her, including having dinner together. 
The workday was almost over, and he would usually inform her if he was busy with anything, but he hadn’t responded. 
Finally, she stood by the roadside, ready to hail a cab home. 
“Get in, I’ll have the driver take you home.” 
Suddenly, a car stopped before her. It was Austin’s car. As it stopped, the window rolled down, revealing Austin’s handsome face, distracting Natalie from her thoughts. 
Natalie was stunned and looked at Austin in surprise. 
“We probably aren’t headed the same way, Mr.Powell. I don’t want to take up your time, thank you!” 
The filming location that day was close to her home. It was only a short cab ride away, but it was in the opposite direction from where Austin lived. Since it was her first day at work, she didn’t dare trouble her 
boss for a ride. 
Seeing this, Austin simply nodded and said, “Alright.” 
As the window rolled up and the car drove away, Hank, who was in the car, raised an eyebrow and looked at Austin. 
“I can’t help but feel you’re different around her. She looks young, but she’s already married? I heard she and her husband were childhood sweethearts. They got engaged early, and married right after she graduated college. She’s a bright and innocent girl.” 
Hank’s message was clear–Austin was to keep his feelings in check. 
A girl who married right after college would indeed be devoted to her husband and wouldn’t blur the lines 
with other men, not even with her favorite idol. 
Natalie had clear boundaries. Otherwise, she would have gotten in the car just now. 
Austin glanced at Hank and scoffed, “You’re an idiot.” 
Hank rolled his eyes and said, “We’ve known each other since you started working. We spend almost 
every day together. I know what you’re thinking. I didn’t expect you to like someone like Natalie. She’s innocen 
pretty, with a bright and generous personality. She’s very likable.” 
If she weren’t married, Hank wouldn’t mind Austin dating Natalie.. 
“Wrong. You’ve never understood me,” Austin said calmly. 
Hank snorted, “You don’t understand me either, so we’re even.” 
As Austin’s car drove away, Natalie hailed a cab. Once home, she changed clothes and made herself dinner. Despite not being very busy today, she was starving. 
Jeremy still hadn’t responded, and she didn’t want to wait for him any longer. She decided to fill her stomach first. 
At this point, Natalie hadn’t realized she had grown accustomed to Jeremy’s absence. She stopped checking for his messages but instead updated her day to Skylar. 
After she finished eating, Jeremy called. His voice sounded somewhat hoarse
###chapter385
“Sony, I can’t make it tonight. I have to meet with some clients. I’ll be home late, so don’t wait up, just go to sleep” 
Natalie froze for a moment, feeling a bit disappointed. 
“Okay.” 
After ending the call, she stared at her phone, somewhat lost in thought. 
Jeremy sounded exactly like how he used to after they were intimate. As soon as this thought crossed her mind, she couldn’t help but laugh. 
Why was she letting her imagination run wild again? 
She decided to look at Austin’s schedule. Even though she was just a minor assistant, she could prepare things in advance. Since she had taken on this job, she wanted to love it and do her best. 
Kenny and his siblings returned home dejectedly. No one went to the hospital today. Instead, they sent at housekeeper, 
Jeffery finally got home to see his children sitting on the sofa and frowned. 
“Why didn’t you go to the hospital? And where’s Skylar? Didn’t you get a TV program involved to force her to return? Where is she?” 
There were tons of issues with the company, and now, there was another mess at home. 
“Dad, today’s plan failed. Skylar isn’t coming back,” Peter said. 
Samuel couldn’t hold back his emotions, “She called the police and even hired a lawyer. Not only is she not coming back, but she’s also making us apologize!” 
“She seems like a different person now,” Maisy said with a hint of jealousy. 
Jeffery was furious. 
“How dare she! You’re all scared just because she hired a lawyer?” 
The company was a mess, and now, so was his home. Anger boiled inside of him. 
“Her lawyer is Jacky, the legal counsel for the Martin Group. Not only do we have to apologize, but the TV program team also has to apologize. Dad, we were right. Skylar has someone supporting her, and it might be Jacky,” Peter speculated, narrowing his eyes. 
From the moment they left the police station until now, he had been pondering this. It almost seemed inevitable now. 
Maisy’s eyes flickered. She wanted to say something but swallowed her words. 
Maybe Peter was right. 
Jeffery was surprised, “Jacky?” 
“Yes.” 
*Arrange for me to meet him. I’ll test the waters. I didn’t know Skylar is so capable. I thought she was aiming for Mr. Martin’s assistant, Mr. Zieglar, but turns out she wanted Jacky,” Jeffery said, his eyes gleaming as he made plans. 
Skylar prepared a hearty dinner, all simple home–cooked dishes. She also made a fruit salad with the fruit and yogurt from the fridge. 
Before coming home, she had asked Joe what he wanted to eat and made two dishes according to his preferences. 
Joe brought over a bottle of red wine. They drank wine while eating. 
Skylar drank two or three glasses. Her alcohol tolerance wasn’t great, and after a few drinks, she was slightly tipsy. 
After dinner, Joe washed the dishes. Skylar had already gone upstairs to bathe when he came out of the kitchen. 
Joe stood before the bathroom door, listening to running water. He felt hot and heavy. After swallowing hard, he pushed the door open and walked in. 
“Weren’t you going to thank me? Do it here then.” 
###chapter386
Skylar was met with Joe’s naturally cold, sharp, and fieron eyes when Joe pushed the bathroom door Open Her heart pounded hard in her chest 
“This isn’t a good idea. 
But Joe didnt give her a chance to refuse. She was still slightly stunned when he entered the bathtub and kissed her. His fiery kisses trailed from her liph down: 
Skylar’s breathing became hurried. 
“Wait… let’s go to bed.” 
“No rush, we have all night to go wherever you want,” Joe replied, his breath heavy against her collarbone. 
In such moments, Joe was always dominant and assertive. Skylar wondered what had gotten into him. He had never lost control like this before. 
“Still think I’m weak?” he whispered in her ear. 
“I never thought you were weak…” 
Skylar couldn’t remember when they stopped. She wasn’t sure if she had slept for even two hours. Only her determination to get to work on time made her get up. 
While washing up, she felt her bones were about to fall apart. Her whole body ached. The mirror revealed the marks Joe had left all over her. 
Skylar felt helpless. Fortunately, with the cooler weather, she could wear high–collared clothes to cover 
them. 
Compared to her state, Joe looked refreshed and had a satisfied smile. 
“Why not sleep a bit longer?” 
“I have to go to work.” 
Skylar was startled by her hoarse voice. 
Hearing her raspy voice, Joe said, “Take the day off and rest at home.” Then he added, “I’ll keep your 
company.” 
Skylar was taken aback by the idea of spending time with him. How could she rest if he was home? 
“If I rest any more, I’ll lose my job. You should rest at home, Mr. Joe.” 
Joe felt uncomfortable hearing her address him that way. “Call me darling when no one’s around.” 
Skylar blushed, “I just can’t say it.” 
“You had no problem saying it last night.” 
Skylar took a deep breath and glared at him. “You made me!” 
Joe seemed to be in a good mood. He said, grinning, “You were even calling for me in your dreams.” 
Skylar suddenly realized that despite his usually cold and distant demeanor, Joe could be pretty childish sometimes, especially when it came to being called darling.‘ 
“Why don’t you call me sweetheart?” she asked. 
Joe was caught off guard by this question. 
Skylar finished applying her makeup and avoided looking at Joe. 
He didn’t respond immediately. Probably because “sweetheart” was too intimate a term for him, something he might only say to someone he truly liked. 
The atmosphere, which had been very heart–warming, instantly cooled. 
Skylar felt a heaviness in her chest. Before heading downstairs, she left a message, “I’ll eat breakfast on my way to work.” 
As Skylar hurried to leave, Joe’s expression turned completely cold. His eyes became even sharper. She was only willing to call him darling in bed and was a different person once out of bed.
###chapter387
She didn’t have any feelings for him. He was only her bed partner, 
? 
On the first day back at work after her break, Skylar looked at her new assistant, Caleb, and felt the task was daunting. 
Mr. Gardner Senior had spoken to her in the morning, asking her to help guide Caleb and help him learn more about antiques. He mentioned that Caleb was a little troublemaker who didn’t listen to anyone but her and suggested she use him as free labor. 
In addition, Mr. Gardner Senior gave her another task–restoring a shattered porcelain vase. 
Looking at the pieces of the vase, Caleb felt his headache. 
“It’s all smashed up. Can it really be fixed? Is my grandpa trying to make things difficult for you?” 
“Mr. Gardner Senior has never made things difficult for me. This level of breakage isn’t very serious. I can repair it,” Skylar replied. 
Caleb was filled with admiration. 
“No wonder Grandpa says you’re more capable than he was at your age. You can confidently say you can fix something this broken.” 
He has fallen for Skylar even more now. 
When Caleb saw Skylar working up close an hour later, he marveled again. He probably would never fall for anyone else for the rest of his life. 
It was all his dad’s fault for not having him sooner. If only he’d been born a few years earlier, he wouldn’t 
have let another man get to Skylar first. 
However, the more he watched, the more he felt that the restoration work he once found boring now seemed quite interesting. Especially seeing Skylar quickly get into work mode, he couldn’t help but start to take learning seriously, 
Jeffery sat by the bed at the hospital, looking at the sleeping Sadie. There was no love in his eyes 
Nowadays, Sadie looked like she’d aged ten years, with much more gray hair and wrinkles. Her skin was pale and dull, and her brows were tightly furrowed even in her sleep. She carried herself with great 
resentment. 
He hadn’t come to the hospital in days because he didn’t want to face her. That day, the hospital Informed him she could be discharged, so he came. Otherwise, he didn’t want to. 
It wouldn’t be too bad if Sadie didn’t bring so much trouble. But that wasn’t the case. 
Sadie was tormenting their children and also herself, looking worse than he had ever seen her in all the years he had known her. 
Behind him sat Kenny and the others. Peter was handling the discharge procedures. 
“I don’t know if Mom can adjust after coming home. She’s been calling out for Skylar every day for the past few days. I don’t know why, but she keeps asking to see Skylar,” Samuel said, scratching
his head in 
frustration. If she kept this up daily, there wouldn’t be any peace at home. 
Maisy sighed. “Maybe staying at the hospital was uncomfortable for her. Once she’s home, she might get 
a lot better. As for Skylar, she probably won’t come to see Mom no matter what.” 
“No… No… I was wrong! I know it’s my fault. Skylar, it’s all my fault. Please forgive me, okay?” 
Suddenly, Sadie, asleep, started crying and shouting again. She reached her hands out as if trying to grasp 
something. 
Jeffery jumped up. 
“Mom’s having another nightmare. Ugh!” Kenny said helplessly. 
Jeffery’s face darkened as he glared at the nightmare–ridden Sadie. “Why would she have nightmares?
###chapter388
“No, it’s my fast. Sve please forgive me 
Hearing Ladie’s words in her sleep, Jefferey’s expression darkened furth 
It’s Skylar who wronged us, yet she’s begging Skylar for forgiveness ? Is she insane 7 Jefferey growled. highty displeased 
Kenny and the others looked equally grim. Their father didn’t understand, and neither did they. 
Peter walked in, holding the discharge papers. Upon hearing Sadie’s sleep–talking, he frowned and said. Why hasn’t Mom woken up yet? Wake her up. Don’t let her continue having nightmares.” 
Just as he finished speaking. Sadie woke up. 
The moment she opened her eyes, they were filled with confusion. It felt like she was still in a dream but also like reality. 
Even now, with her eyes open and seeing the hospital room around her, she felt a bit dazed. It was as if 
this was a dream, and what happened moments ago was reality. 
Then she saw Jefferey and Kenny, but Skylar was nowhere to be seen. She became very agitated. 
“Where’s Skylar? I want to see Skylar! Where is she? I need to see her!” 
Everyone’s expression darkened when they heard Sadie demand to see Skylar when she woke up. She 
was crazy! 
“Skylar has no conscience! She won’t care about what happened to you, and certainly won’t come to see you. From now on, I don’t want to hear you say her name!” Jefferey said, his face turning a shade redder. 
Sadie stared at Jefferey in shock. “Darling you….” 
Was she dreaming? Her husband, who had always been gentle and considerate, was now treating her so differently. His eyes were full of impatience. And so were the eyes of their children, just like Jefferey’s. 
“You…. 
“Mom, just rest for now and don’t talk. We’re packing up to prepare for your discharge,” Peter said coldly. 
I 
Sadie’s eyes widened, and she said with some resentment, “Why can’t I talk? Do you all want me to 
become mute?” 
“Mom, don’t say things like that. We just want you to rest and not waste your energy talking too much,” Kenny said irritably. 
Most importantly, they didn’t want to hear the name Skylar. Just hearing it was enough to ruin their day. 
Sadie glared at them with sheer anger. “You will pay the consequences for treating me this way! I’m already paying for the consequences of my actions!” 
In her dream, she was Skylar’s birth mother but treated Skylar cruelly, claiming it was for Skylar’s own 
good. It was so ridiculous. 
“Mom!” Kenny and the others shouted in unison. 
Jefferey raised his hand without hesitation and delivered a hard slap. It was a harsh, unforgiving slap. 
He struck Sadie so that her head turned to the side. 
As luck would have it, someone pushed the door open. 
The sound of camera shutters going off continuously. 
The people in the room finally reacted. 
At the door stood reporters with microphones and photographers. 
###chapter389
Two people captured the scene where Jefferey slapped Sadie. The sound of the stap was so loud that it made everyone around shudder. Jefferey looked at his hand and then at Sadie’s now swollen cheek, 
“Who are you? What are you doing here?” Peter roared, striding over. Why was there a reporter and cameraman around? And they had captured that very scene. 
The reporter was unfazed by Peter’s approach. 
“We’re here to interview Mrs. Williams to see how she’s recovering. Why isn’t she being taken care of by the children she raised, but rather, they asked for her biological estranged daughter to do so? 
“Is Mrs. Williams afraid her children will be too tired? Does she think she can use her estranged daughter at her will? 
“How do you feel about this, especially you, Samuel? As a public figure with many followers, isn’t your ungrateful behavior setting a bad example? 
“Mr. Jefferey, you just hit Ms. Sadie without hesitation. That’s incredibly violent! She just had her leg amputated and is in a very fragile state. How could you do that?” 
The reporter’s sharp questions left everyone furning with anger. Peter stood before them and raised his 
hand to hit them. 
The reporter stepped back and warned, “Hitting someone is illegal! I’ve recorded your abuse of a patient. 
Even if you deny it, no one will believe you.” 
“That was a misunderstanding! My dad didn’t mean to hit my mom!” Samuel denied it in a panic. 
They were so unlucky. No one was there to film the time they spent taking care of her, but somehow, they 
got his father hitting her on camera. 
The reporter, of course, didn’t believe them. Sadie, lying on the hospital bed, was dazed from the slap, her face visibly swollen. It looked like they were abusing a patient. 
“I think you should all act kinder,” the reporter shouted in admonishment, giving the cameraman a look. They swiftly exited the room. 
Peter tried to catch them but failed, and the room fell into an eerie silence. 
Sadie felt a sharp pain in her chest as she covered her face with her hand. Looking at the people before her, she suddenly started to laugh. 
She didn’t say anything, just laughed. Her laughter sent chills down everyone’s spirie. 
Jefferey was livid. He couldn’t hold back anymore. He raised his hand and delivered another slap. 
“What are you laughing at? This is all because of you! Can’t you just behave? You’re already a cripple and still causing so much trouble!” 
Sadie laughed through her tears. Her dear husband slapped her while her children watched coldly. Their eyes were so indifferent, as if they wished she were beaten to death! 
At 3:00 pm, Jacky went to the bathroom. While playing on his phone, he saw the news trending, and hist eyes widened. The Williams family must have gone crazy. They were digging their own grave! 1 
Holding his phone, Jacky immediately went to find Skylar. Skylar had just finished her work and was surprised to see Jacky rush in. 
“What’s so urgent?” 
His leg was still recovering. Why was he in such a hurry? 
“Look at this news about the Williamses! They actually abused a patient and even threatened to hit the reporter! They really are capable of anything!” Jacky exclaimed. 
Skylar looked at the news. A picture clearly showed Jefferey’s hand on Sadie’s face, with Sadie’s eyes 
wide in fear. 
The reporter had captured it perfectly, showing Jefferey’s viciousness and the cold indifference of the children around them. 
###chapter390
“They must be crazy! You must stay far away from them. Don’t go anywhere near them. They’re utterly shameless! Caleb warned Skylar. 
Skylar wasn’t surprised after reading it. It was typical behavior for their family. 
“Yes, I’ll avoid them whenever I see them,” she replied. 
Caleb felt relieved. “Don’t worry, if they dare to bother you again, I won’t let them get away with it!” 
Skylar smiled. “No need to waste time on them.” 
She checked the time and said, “Let’s go, it’s time to leave work.” 
“Alright, I’m going to see my father. See you tomorrow.” 
On her way home, Skylar received a call from Natalie. 
“The Williams family is really something! They might as well tattoo the word ‘shameless‘ on their foreheads!” 
“You heard about it too?” The Williamses had made quite a scene this time. 
Natalie was still at work since she had to assist with Austin’s night shoot. She had some free time and checked her phone. Then, she saw the Williams family trending on the news. 
“Almost everyone in Jipsburg knows about it. Samuel’s career in the entertainment industry is over. I heard his fans are leaving his fandom. This is a complete scandal. People around here have been talking about it all day!” 
Natalie hadn’t thought much of the entertainment industry before, but now she realized it was tough. One could lose everything quickly, just like Samuel, if they were careless with their actions. 
In less than two hours, he lost everything. Now, he had to pay a hefty compensation fee. He might have to use his entire life savings to ball himself out of his situation. 
Skylar felt indifferent. These people were no different from strangers to her. 
“They brought this upon themselves,” she said coldly. 
Natalie huffed, satisfied for her friend’s sake. 
“They deserve it! I have to go now. Mr. Powell’s scene just ended, and I need to bring him some water and clothes. Let’s go shopping when I get a day off!” 
“Sure, go ahead.” 
Right after ending the call with Natalie, Skylar received another call from Harvey. 
“Skye, something happened at home, you need to come back!” 
Skylar didn’t have time to ask what happened. She immediately drove home, arriving 30 minutes later. 
Upon entering, she saw Maisy kneeling on the ground, holding Janine. It was unclear how long they had been in that position, but Janine looked exasperated. Harvey stood nearby, fuming. 
Seeing Skylar, Maisy’s expression changed. She glared at Harvey, knowing he had tipped Skylar off. It was too late for regrets now. 
“Mom, I can’t stay at that house any longer. Please take me in; I have nowhere else to go! I have no money, not even enough for a hotel. 
“My friends won’t take my calls because of all the news about the Williams family. I truly realize my mistakes. You’re my real mom. Can you really bear to see me homeless?” 
Maisy was determined to stay. Once she settled in, she planned to post on social media to clear up some rumors and prove that she wasn’t materialistic. She wanted people to see she was willing to go between homes to avoid hurting either mother, 
Otherwise, there would be too many negative rumors and discussions about her. She didn’t want to be the center of the gossip. 
###chapter391
Janine sighed helplessly. “Let go and get up.” 
Then she turned to Skylar. 
“Skye.” 
“Mom, I was just passing by and thought I’d drop in,” Skylar said. 
She walked over to the table, poured herself a glass of water, and poured one for Harvey. She asked Harvey, “Why are you home today?” 
“I came back to get some things and happened to see this brat shamelessly clinging to Mom,” Harvey said angrily. “I figured she was here to put on a show for someone else. Does she think everyone would foolishly be used by her?” 
The more he looked at Maisy, the more annoyed he became. 
Maisy blushed deeply. “It’s not like that.” 
“Your mother just had a car accident and needs someone to take care of her. Leaving now would be ungrateful. Go back and take care of her,” Janine said with a stern face. 
7-” 
Maisy looked at Skylar and begged, “Skylar, you know Mom’s temper. She’s very upset with me right now, and is always constantly scolding me. I can’t stay there. Can we get along in the future?” 
She also wanted to take the opportunity to find out what Skylar and Joe’s relationship was. 
Skylar raised an eyebrow and remained silent. Nothing Maisy says could be taken seriously. 
“You can’t stay because she’s upset with you? She raised you for nothing. You are truly selfish. I’m younger than you, and even I know how to be grateful. You’re clearly just avoiding responsibility. Don’t assume others are as brainless as you,” Harvey said, rolling his eyes. 
Then he stepped forward and forcefully dragged Maisy away, violently pushing her out of the house. With a loud bang, he slammed the door shut. 
He had wanted to do that earlier. He only held back because of his mom. 
Janine sighed, “She’s really been spoiled.” 
Some ideas had been deeply ingrained in her as she grew up in a family like that.. 
Skylar said nothing but showed Janine her phone with the news on it. Janine rarely used social media and was shocked when she saw the news and photos. 
“They are really inhumane!” 
Although Sadie wasn’t a good woman, she had already suffered enough from the car accident. That was enough punishment. 
But to have her husband and children be to cold and cruet? Anyone would break under that. It was a wonder she hadn’t gone mad already. 
After chatting with Janine and Harvey briefly, Skylar went downstairs to leave. She received a call from 
Joe 
“Why arent you home yet?” 
“I stopped by my mom’s place. I’m heading back now. Are you home already? Skylar asked as she walked toward her car. 
The old neighborhood had no parking space, so she had parked far away. 
Joe answered, “Yes. Want to go out for dinner?” 
Skylar suddenly thought of what Natalie had said about Jeremy being too busy to come home. 
Joe, as the company head, managed to be home most nights except for occasional business trips. 
“Answer me,” Joe said after hearing a minute of silence on the phone. 
Skylar snapped out of her thoughts. 
“Sorry, I was just thinking about something and spaced out. Let’s go out for dinner. What do you want to eat?” 
“Barbecue?” Joe suggested. 
Skylar knew Joe wasn’t a big fan of barbecue. She remembered the restaurant she and Natalie had coincidentally run into Joe at the last time. 
“Let’s go to that restaurant we ran into each other at last time.” 
“Okay.” 
As Skylar drove away, Maisy emerged from the shadows. 
“Restaurant?” She quickly ran out, hailed a cab, and said, “Follow that car!” 
###chapter392
30 minutes later, Skylar sent Joe a message after arrivirig. 
He was still on the way, about three to five minutes away. She decided to wait by the entrance. True to his word, Joe sirived in under five minutes. The two walked into the restaurant together. 
As they entered, Maisy glared with resentment, sitting in a taxi. 
It was Joe! She couldn’t understand why Skylar was so lucky to end up with Joe. 
The taxi driver glanced at Maisy, “Miss, are you getting out or do you want to move?” 
Maisy bit her lip, seething with anger. 
“Keep driving.” 
Just as they sat down and finished ordering, Joe received a message from John. 
“Jeremy and Annabelle are still seeing each other. They just checked into a room at my hotel.” 
Joe stared at the message, lost in thought. 
Jeremy was usually so rational and cold. He would be able to outmaneuver anyone in business. However, he was completely irrational when it came to this matter. 
Seeing Joe’s unreadable expression as he looked at his phone, Skylar remained silent. 
“I heard about the Williams family’s news today.” Joe said, putting his phone aside. 
“Do you think their issues will affect you in any way?” Skylar asked. 
Although she could completely sever ties with the Williams family, she wondered if their connection might cause Joe some trouble. 
She hadn’t met Joe’s other family members yet, but his and Gloria’s avoidance of the topic made her suspect a few things 
“No,” Joe replied. The Williams family didn’t exist to him. Something nonexistent couldn’t affect him. 
Skylar nodded and didn’t press further. 
Dishes began arriving at the table: Skylar wasn’t a big fan of steaks–she could eat them but didn’t particularly enjoy them. 
However, watching Joe eat with such elegance and refinement was a visual pleasure. She couldn’t help 
but let her gaze linger on him. 
Joe looked up, catching her in the act. Their eyes met, and Skylar blushed 
Joe smiled and asked, “You’re staring Have you fallen for me?” 
Skylar almost choked on her steak. 
After swallowing, she said, “I like to appreciate beautiful things and people. You’re handsome, so there’s 
nothing wrong with me looking at you more. It just means I have good taste.” 
She was being realistic. They could be married and share a bed, but love was another matter. 
Joe’s eyes darkened. 
Skylar noticed Joe’s rapid mood shifts, making it hard to guess his thoughts. 
Even though he was right before her, their hearts felt miles apart. It made sense–people who didn’t love each other couldn’t be close. Not knowing what he was thinking was normal. 
After an intense session in the hotel room, Jeremy sat by the window, smoking. 
He smoked several cigarettes, puffing fiercely. His phone screen was still on, displaying his messages. with Natalie. 
Natalie had mentioned she was going on a three–day business trip. 
###chapter393
It sounded simple–she just said she’d be on a three–day business trip, telling him he could focus on work and not worry about her 
There was nothing wrong with these words. Yet, precisely because there was nothing wrong, it proved there was something wrong. 
Natalie didn’t cling to him anymore and seemed to need his company less and less. 
He took out another cigarette and started searching for “Austin” on the search bar 
A few years ago, he heard that Natalie liked a celebrity named Austin, but he didn’t pay much attention to 
1. it. 
It was usual for young girls to have celebrity crushes. But now she was working as Austin’s ‘assistant. They interact closely and frequently. 
He suddenly thought about his recent endeavors with Annabelle. He looked down at Austin’s profile. 
A triple–award–winning actor who was never involved in any scandals, with critically acclaimed shows. The only actor with fans surpassing three hundred million. 
He was outstanding in every way. Any young girl would find him attractive… 
When Annabelle came out of the bathroom, she saw Jeremy lost in thought, staring at his phone, looking different from just moments ago. 
He looked intimidating and distant, as if pushing her further away again. This feeling made Annabelle nervous. She immediately walked over and hugged Jeremy. 
“What are you looking at?” 
Annabelle froze when she saw Jeremy looking at Austin’s profile. 
“Mr. Hughes, are you going to take me to see his movie? I heard his latest film grossed over five billion. dollars, and his acting is superb. I’ve always wanted to watch it, but going to the movies alone feels so boring. Can we go now?” 
Annabelle smelled wonderful, fresh from the bath. 
Jeremy’s expression turned cold, and he ruthlessly pushed Annabelle away. 
Jeremy couldn’t understand himself at that moment. He didn’t like Annabelle. Sometimes, he wanted to stay away from her, yet he often couldn’t resist the urge to sleep with her. 
This conflicting emotion sometimes made him question himself. Did he just need something new? 
If Natalie found out about this, she would never forgive him. 
“Mr. Hughes, you’re so heartless. You were so eager and controlling just now. My back still hurts.” 
Annabelle wasn’t angry. Instead, she acted coyly. 
During this time together, he often treated her coldly after their encounters. No matter how wild they were together, he remained indifferent toward her. 
However, she looked down at her slightly bulging but barely noticeable abdomen with some pride and anticipation. Just wait. When the time came, she would become Mrs. Hughes, and Natalie would have to give up the position for her. 
“Put on your clothes and leave the hotel,” Jeremy said coldly. 
Annabelle’s face stiffened “It’s so late, I…. 
Jeremy extinguished his cigarette, stood up, and looked down at Annabelle. “Do you know the consequences of disobedience?” 
Annabelle didn’t dare say another word. She quickly got dressed and left the hotel. 
After she left, Jeremy called Natalie. She didn’t answer. He wondered if she was on the plane. 
Jeremy looked toward home from the hotel window and decided Natalie didn’t need to keep her job any longer. 
After dinner, as they left the restaurant, Joe received a call. After hanging up, he said, “There’s a situation with Rowan. I need to check on it.” 
“Okay, be careful. I’ll head home first.” 
Joe watched Skylar drive away and got into his car. 
A few minutes later, he arrived at Rowan’s place. 
As soon as he walked in, he saw the floor littered with empty bottles. This was the apartment Rowan often stayed in. 
“What’s going on?” Joe glanced at the unshaven Rowan. 
Rowan gave Joe a resentful look. 
“I wish you weren’t my friend.” 
###chapter394
Joe raised an eyebrow. “Speak. 
“I went to Kotel City 
the day before yesterday and just got back today” 
Rowan mentioned Korel City with a more resentful expression, almost like a jilted lover. If it weren’t for Rowan’s unshaven face, Joe might have thought Rowan went to Korel City for a failed sex reassignment 
surgery 
Joe glanced at the sofa with some disdain and looked at Rowan. 
“I went to see Jenny. She had a major surgery and didn’t even tell me. Joe, do you like her or not? Give me 
a straight answer!” 
Rowan took a swig from his bottle, looking particularly dejected. He didn’t understand why he ignored so many beautiful women and only had Jenny in his heart. Unfortunately, that girl only had eyes for Joe. 
He thought that by mingling with other women, one of them might take a place in his heart. But they were 
all just meaningless flings. Those women were nothing to him. 
When he heard about Jenny’s surgery, he rushed to Korel City without a second thought and asked Jenny if she would consider being with him. 
Jenny refused without hesitation. She didn’t explain why, but he could guess the reason. It was always the 
same. 
Whenever Joe was around, Jenny only had eyes for him. Her emotions revolyed around Joe. They had. 
grown up together; he could see it. 
“I’m married and have no plans to divorce, Joe said blankly. 
At first, Rowan didn’t hear clearly, thinking he must be drunk and misheard. He knew Joe had been very attentive to Skylar recently, but married? 
“Did you just say you’re married? To whom? Rowan asked. 
When did this happen? Did he lose his memory from drinking too much? 
Skylar.” 
“Skylar?” 
Rowan instantly sobered up. No wonder Jenny seemed off and down when he saw her this time. 
“So, Jenny knows you’re married? And you married Skylar? When did this happen? Are you secretly 
married?” 
He had sensed that Joe had a special interest in Skylar but hadn’t thought much of it. 
Joe even had a falling out with Annie, who he’d known for years, just because of Skylar. That was enough 
to prove how much he cared for her. 
John had mentioned Joe’s interest in Skylar before, but Rowan had simply thought it was rare for Joe to be interested in any girl. 
Rowan knew Joe was merely concerned for Jenny with no other intentions. 
Rowan had always thought Joe was generally cold and indifferent in matters of romance. He might even marry Jenny if she wanted. Or he might marry someone his family arranged without much ion. 
Yes. We’re secretly married,” Joe replied coolly, kicking a bottle aside. “Do you like Jenny that much?” 
Now mostly sober, Rowan approached Joe and said helplessly, “You’ve known for a long time, haven’t you? But that girl is completely into you. I’ve tried to move on using other women, thinking I didn’t care about her anymore. But when I heard about her surgery, I panicked and rushed over.” 
Joe said, “Your family would be against it.” 
Rowan’s expression darkened. “I can make my own decisions.” 
“Your situation with her is for you to figure out,” Joe said coldly. 
Rowan stared at Joe, scrutinizing him. 
“You really don’t like Jenny?” 
Joe gave a slight nod. 
“Do you like Skylar? Did you marry her because she’s pregnant? She’s really quite scheming, huh,” Rowan continued with his wild guesse 
###chapter395
“I don’t need you poking into my affairs or speculating about Skylar. She’s not the type of woman you think she is. I’m leaving if you don’t need anything else,” Joe said, about to walk away. 
As Joe reached the door, Rowan finally reacted and exclaimed, “You’re really married?” 
Joe glanced back at Rowan. His glance made Rowan understand that Joe wasn’t joking. 
After the door closed, Rowan called Jenny. 
“Joe is already married. Can you think of me now?” Rowan asked. 
Jenny took a deep breath. 
“So even you know Joe’s married now. Is he making Skylar’s existence known to everyone around him?” 
Listening to Jenny’s despondent response, Rowan felt pain and jealousy. 
“Yeah, he told me. I’ve met Skylar before, but I didn’t know they were secretly married,” Rowan admitted truthfully. 
Jenny was silent for several seconds before she spoke again. “Do you think Joe likes her?” 
That question left Rowan momentarily unsure of how to respond. “He seems to care a lot about Skylar.” But he had no idea if Joe loved her or not. 
Earlier, he had asked Joe directly, and Joe didn’t give a straight answer. Joe also said he was married and was not getting a divorce, indicating he was quite satisfied with Skylar. 
Jenny fell silent again for a few more seconds. “In another month, I’ll finish my studies here and return to Jipsburg.” 
Rowan was excited to hear Jenny was coming back. “Let me know when you’re coming back, I’ll pick you up at the 
airport!” 
Jenny replied faintly, “Okay.” 
Maisy had no choice but to return to the Williams family. 
The house was eerily quiet. Even the household staff moved about quietly. 
Samuel’s work had almost stopped due to the hospital incident, so he was confined to staying at home. 
Peter and his father had gone to the company, and when Maisy asked Peter about the situation, it seemed they were doing their best to salvage what losses they could, but their company was on the brink of collapse. 
Kenny was also at home and would only return to work the next day. 
Everyone was hiding away in their rooms. 
As for Sadie, she was probably resting alone in her room. 
Maisy passed by Sadie’s room on her way back to her room and paused briefly before quickly moving on. 
She didn’t want to stir up any trouble. 
She quietly returned to her room and found Kenny waiting for her there. 
“Where did you go?” Kenny asked. 
“I went to see Janine, hoping that, since she’s my biological mother, she might help convince Skylar to come back. But I don’t know what Skylar told her. Janine was very firm,” Maisy lied without batting an eye. 
Kenny hadn’t seen Maisy earlier and had feared she might follow Skylar’s example and leave while the Williams family was in turmoil. It turned out he was overthinking it.. 
Maisy wasn’t that heartless. 
He stood up, walked over to Maisy, and hugged her. In a moment of impulse, he kissed her. 
Maisy responded eagerly. 
As they kissed passionately, they were unaware that the door was not fully closed. 
Samuel stood outside the door, shocked at the scene before him. He had only come to see if Maisy had returned, but what he saw was beyond his expectations. 
“Kenny, Maisy, you… you two…” 
He was flabbergasted. Kenny and Maisy were siblings, and yet they were kissing.
###chapter396
Were they out of their minds? 
The two who were passionately kissing immediately pulled apart upon hearing the noise. 
They tuned to see Samuel standing at the door, his eyes wide with disbelief, as if they had committed some unforgivable crime. Both of them were momentarily stunned. 
Maisy was the first to react. 
Her eyes were red as she said, “Kenny and I… we like each other. We only realized our feelings recently. We didn’t want this, but sometimes love isn’t something you can control. 
“We’re not biological siblings, so we can be together, can’t we? Samuel, don’t look at me like that. I’m not a sinner. I’m just in a helpless situation.” 
Hearing this, Kenny felt a pang of heartache and hugged Maisy, then coldly addressed Samuel, “Close the door first. No one else can know about this.” 
Samuel, still in shock, closed the door. 
“Maisy isn’t our biological sister. We aren’t blood–related, so we can be together. This isn’t her fault. It’s mine. I should have controlled my feelings for her. But she’s right, you can’t stop your feelings. 
“She likes me, and I like her. I know exactly what I’m doing, Samuel. You’re my brother, you should be happy for us,” Kenny said, taking an authoritative stance as the eldest brother. 
Every word he spoke was to paint himself and Maisy as victims. 
However, this revelation was too much for Samuel to handle. He could never have imagined the brother he respected the most, Kenny and his most beloved sister to be in such a relationship. 
Something felt off, but under Kenny and Maisy’s pitiful gazes, Samuel stiffly nodded. 
“I won’t tell anyone for now, but given the current situation at home, you two should avoid acting like this. If Dad or Peter finds out, there will be another problem, and most importantly, Mom must never find out.” 
Kenny and Maisy agreed. With the current state of affairs at home, they certainly wanted to avoid causing more trouble. If Mom found out, it would indeed cause a huge problem. 
All three fell silent at the thought of their mother’s current state. 
Maisy hesitated, wondering if she should tell them about Skylar and Joe. After some deliberation, she decided against it. 
If she told them, they would was more capable of managing to catch Joe’s attention. 
only think ! 
And so, the three of them kept their thoughts to themselves, remaining silent. 
The controversy about the Williams family continued to escalate online. 
The TV channel was also facing significant troubles, with some programs being suspended. The director and hosts‘ careers took a heavy blow. 
The director, in particular, was exposed to various scandals, some of which involved illegal activities. Things were quickly getting out of hand. 
Public opinion made it nearly impossible for the Williams family to recover. Many who considered continuing working with them had backed out. 
Within days, the company went into a financial crisis. They couldn’t even pay their employees. 
When payday arrived, the household staff had no salaries and had to complain to the Department of Labor, causing chaos in the Williams household. 
These developments were widely reported online. 
Ever since Caleb found out how malicious the Williams family was, he kept a keen eye ort their situation and brought the latest updates to Skylar each day at work. Thus, Skylar was always informed without having to search for news herself. 
That day, she and Joe were scheduled to visit Gloria at Pearhall Residence. After work, she drove there. As she approached the place, she received a call from Edgar. 
###chapter397
“Mrs. Martin Senior just went to the auction. She asked you and Joe to join her there.” 
After hanging up. Skylar drove toward the auction. She know the location from a previous visit, but the traffic was heavy then, so she turned on the navigation. 
As she drove, she wondered why Gloria suddenly decided to go to the auction. While she was wondering, Joe called. 
“I’ll be at the auction in ten minutes. How much longer will you take?” 
Skylar glanced at the navigation, which showed a little over ten minutes. After telling Joe the approximate time, he said they would enter together once she arrived. 
1 
merely his companion. But today, 
The last time she attended an auction with Joe, others thought she was with Gloria present, she would be known as Gloria’s granddaughter–in–law. 
She wondered what Gloria had set her sights on at the auction. 
15 minutes later, Skylar saw Joe in the parking lot. This time, her car entered the parking lot smoothly. 
Joe was dressed in a tailored suit. He looked very striking and cold. 
Skylar realized she was dressed very simply in jeans and a trench coat. 
“I have prepared a dress for you. Get changed in the car.” Joe handed her a bag. 
Inside the bag was a white dress. The lighting in the parking lot was dim, and no one could see her in the backseat. 
Skylar took the bag and went to the backseat to change. The car’s tight space made it awkward, especially with Joe sitting in the front. 
“Hand me your clothes once you’ve taken them off,” Joe suddenly said, 
Skylar hesitated for a moment, then handed him her clothes. When she finished changing and tidying her hair, she was surprised to see Joe had folded her clothes neatly. 
Her eyes lingered on the folded clothes for a few seconds, feeling her heart skip a beat. 
She took the neatly folded clothes and thanked him. 
“Thank you.” 
“It will be cold inside, put on this shawl.” 
Joe handed her a beige cashmere shawl. 
The soft, warm touch of the cashmere shawl made Skylar’s heart flutter. 
It wasn’t until they arrived at the auction and met Gloria that Skylar truly calmed down. 
There weren’t many people at the auction today. Beside Gloria was another elegant elderly woman. 
When she saw Skylar, she was a little surprised. After hearing Skylar call Gloria “grandmother“, she asked Gloria quietly, “Do you have another granddaughter? I’ve never seen her before.” 
Gloria looked proud as she replied, “She’s my granddaughter–in–law.” 
“What?” The woman was very surprised and looked at Skylar closely. 
She hadn’t heard anything about this. 
She had just returned from abroad and called Gloria to attend the auction together, aiming to strengthen. their relationship and potentially arrange a marriage between their families. 
But someone had made a faster move. Moreover, she has never seen this woman before. 
###chapter398
Seeing Janet’s surprised expression, Gloria laughed and said, “I called my granddaughter–in–law over to help identify some items I plan to bid on later. I need to see if they belong to Viola.” 
If the items were indeed Viola’s, there was no reason for them to end up elsewhere. She wanted to buy them back. Even if she couldn’t see Viola, having her belongings was still comforting. 
Janet Lawson was still in shock. 
“Would she know anything about this?” 
A young girl who seemed inexperienced might only know a bit from visiting art exhibitions. Could she tell between genuine and fake items? 
Janet suspected Gloria was just trying to add prestige to the young woman. 
She looked at Joe, who didn’t seem affectionate toward Skylar. Perhaps Gloria liked this pretty and well- behaved woman, but Joe might not. 
Hearing Janet’s doubts, Gloria nearly rolled her eyes. “Yes, she does.” 
Skylar listened to their conversation. She could tell that Gloria and Janet weren’t very close. Gloria had invited her because she knew Viola’s items were up for auction. 
Skylar hadn’t expected to find Viola’s belongings here. 
Back when she was in the countryside, Viola rarely mentioned her past. Viola appeared to be a prominent figure in the city before moving to the countryside. 
Both Gloria, George, and Alexander always thought fondly of her. 
Skylar herself missed Viola dearly and wondered where she had gone. She longed to see Viola and share all that she had been through, significantly since Viola had predicted so many things in her life. 
“Would this young lady really know anything?” Janet asked Skylar sharply, her eyes showing a hint of skepticism. 
Skylar responded calmly, “I know a little.” 
Gloria couldn’t help but smile when she heard that. If that were true, nobody else in the city could claim to understand antiques truly. 
Joe, too, subtly raised an eyebrow, glancing at Skylar blankly. 
Janet thought she had her answer. The lady was probably afraid of embarrassing herself on abo 
22 
Chacter 
398 
would be up for auction. If not, Gloria would be very disappointed. 
As the first item came up for auction, Gloria told Skylar, “If you see anything you like, just let me know, 
and I’ll bid on it for you.” 
Janet’s face fell upon hearing this. She couldn’t understand how this young lady, who seemingly appeared out of nowhere, had earned such favor from Gloria. 
Gloria treated her as if she were her granddaughter. Her tone was so gentle and kind. 
“Okay, thank you, Grandma,” Skylar replied with a smile. 
Gloria was delighted that Skylar was becoming closer to her. She had no intention of leaving empty- 
handed that day. 
If there were something suitable for Skylar, she would bid on it. With that thought, she gave Joe a 
knowing look. 
When Joe saw Gloria winking at him, he instantly understood her intentions. 
###chapter399
Joe should bid on some items to give to Skylar to improve their relationship as a couple. 
da 
He subtly nodded. They had a mutual understanding. A glance and a nod were all it took to know each 
other’s intentions. 
Gioria was very pleased with Joe’s response. It was good that he was looking out for his wife. 
Joe might not have noticed, but his attitude toward Skylar had changed recently. It wasn’t the same as the previously staged affection for Gloria’s sake. 
Now, there was a hint of genuine affection in his gaze towards Skylar. How much was unclear, but there 
was some. 
Unaware of the silent exchange between Joe and Gloria, Skylar focused on the auction items. 
Janet scoffed inwardly as she watched Skylar’s serious attention to each auction piece. Despite her youth, she had a remarkable composure. Even if she lacked skill, her calm demeanor set her apart from 
many girls. 
When a painting was presented, it sparked murmurs among the attendees. 
The artwork was by Viola. 
Viola was a well–known figure among the elite in Jipsburg. Many had once queued up, offering hefty for her art. A foreigner had bought this particular painting and now returned to auction. 
v sums 
Viola was renowned for her extensive astronomy and geography knowledge and ability to read people’s 
fate. She was also an expert in identifying and restoring antiques. 
Even the highly respected Alexander addressed her as a mentor. 
Viola’s mastery of painting was unparalleled, though she rarely created original works, mostly replicating 
and restoring ancient paintings. 
This piece was her only original work. It was previously sold at a high price, making it highly valuable. 
After all, nobody knew Viola’s current whereabouts, not even Gloria, who was once close to her. 
The auctioneer provided a detailed introduction to the painting, including its creation context. 
Gloria stared at the painting with teary eyes. It was a landscape painting featuring a figure resembling 
Viola from the back. 
Janet exclaimed excitedly, “What a wonderful painting! If you don’t bid on it, Gloria, I will.” 
She knew this painting would be a great bragging point among friends, though she doubted she’d win against Gloria. 
Tears brimmed in Gloria’s eyes as she looked at the painting. She asked Skylar, “Skye, is this Viola’s painting?” 
She had never heard of Viola painting a self–portrait and landscapes. 
on years o 
She was skeptical despite rumors that someone had bought Viola’s 
However, this auction house in Jipsburg rarely dealt with fakes and had built a strong reputation for authenticity over 
the years. 
Skylar confidently replied, “No, Grandma, this painting isn’t Viola’s work. She only ever replicated ancient paintings and never painted herself or landscapes.” 
Viola believed destiny should not be defied, having experienced too much in life. Therefore, she refrained from creating original works, only replicating others‘ art. 
“Not hers? Young lady, you should watch your words. The staff here confirmed and there are even witnesses attesting this is Viola’s work,” Janet challenged, thinking she had caught Skylar in a mistake.
###chapter400
Janet thought Skylar was still too young. She just couldn’t hold her composure. She tried to show off her knowledge before Gloria, but now it was backfiring on her. 
Joe glanced at Janet. He hadn’t noticed her much before, but now he found her chatter annoying. 
Gloria subtly furrowed her brow, her voice slightly cold, “You seem to know a lot.” 
“I don’t know much,” Janet replied, “but auction houses rarely make mistakes. If this painting by Viola was a fake, wouldn’t that damage their reputation?” 
Janet felt her argument was quite logical. 
Gloria wanted to roll her eyes. These people didn’t know any better than Skylar. She was Viola’s apprentice, always by her side. 
If Skylar said it wasn’t Viola’s work, then it definitely wasn’t. Besides, Gloria had never heard of Viola painting self–portraits. 
“Maybe the auction house was also deceived,” Skylar said calmly. She wouldn’t speak on matters she 
wasn’t sure of. 
She had to do her due diligence and inform Viola that it wasn’t Viola’s work. After all, Gloria was interested in the painting solely because it was supposedly Viola’s. 
“There’s nothing else worthwhile today. It’s not worth wasting our time. Skylar, let’s go,” Gloria said, not wanting to spend another moment with Janet.. 
They had never been close, and just because they were older now didn’t mean they would get along any better. Gloria wouldn’t have come if it weren’t for the rumor about Viola. 
“Yes, Grandma.” Skylar helped Gloria stand up, and the three of them left the auction. 
Janet was too stunned to react. When she finally did, she muttered, “Why did they leave so suddenly?” 
She still had so much to say! That woman, aside from being pretty, had nothing on her granddaughter. 
How could Gloria’s judgment be so poor in her old age, falling for the tricks of a cunning girl? 
“As long as they’re not married, my granddaughter still has a chance!” 
After leaving the auction, Gloria got into Skylar’s car instead of Joe’s.. 
Skylar was worried that Gloria might feel uncomfortable, so she drove slowly, with Joe’s car close behind her. 
When they reached a turn, Joe’s car moved ahead and signaled for Skylar to pull over. 
Skylar rolled down her window as Joe approached. 
“is something wrong?” she asked. She couldn’t understand why they were stopping midway. 
sent the driver home. I’m going to ride with you to Pearhall Residence,” Joe said 
Riding alone wasn’t very appealing to him. 
Gloria frowned, “Skylar’s car isn’t big it’s fine for the two of us, but you’ll take up too much space. 
She was having a perfect chat with Skylar. Joe was being such a bother 
Joe maintained a straight face, although he could clearly feel Gloria’s disdain for him. 
“The driver has already left.” 
Glona felt sorry for Joe when she heard that. She couldn’t let him stand outside. Reluctantly, she said, 
Fine, get in 
Skylar watched the interaction between Gloria and Joe with amusement. 
Who would have thought that the mighty president of Martin Group would be treated like this by his grandmother at home? 
Joe noticed Skylar holding back her laughter as he got in. He raised an eyebrow subtly and gritted his 
teeth 
She would get her punishment tonight 
Skylar’s heart skipped a beat, sensing the implication of Joe’s gaze. Over time, she had come to 
understand him a little better. 

###chapter401
Intimately familiar with Joe’s temper, Skylar couldn’t help but wonder what was crossing his mind. With Gloria in such close proximity, was he truly entertaining such burning, restless thoughts? Feeling flustered, Skylar quickly looked away.
“Grandma,” Skylar said, her voice sweet and childlike. “How about I stay with you tonight at Pearlhall Residence? We have so much to catch up on.”
Gloria’s face lit up. “That sounds lovely! I have so much to share with you too. We’ll stay at Pearlhall tonight. I’ll tell Edgar to prepare some snacks and fruit. We can relax, watch TV, and chat all evening.”
Joe’s gaze darkened as he watched Skylar. Suddenly, Gloria seemed to realize his presence. “Actually, why don’t you call Lucas to take you back to Galaxy Villa? Skye and I will be fine on our own tonight.” She clearly desired a private conversation, and Joe’s presence was becoming a hindrance.
Feeling a familiar sting of rejection, Joe scowled. “Are you my grandmother or Skylar’s?”
“I’m both yours and Skye’s,” Gloria firmly declared.
Joe couldn’t find the words to argue, silently fuming over the thought of returning to Galaxy Villa alone. He cast a glance at Skylar, who seemed quietly smug. She had successfully avoided him today, but he knew tomorrow would be a different story.
Skylar caught Joe’s intense, possessive stare in the rearview mirror, and an uneasy prickle danced across her skin.
“Why do you keep staring at her?” Gloria snorted. “You act like you can’t even sleep without her around.”
To their surprise, Joe admitted flatly, “Actually, I can’t.” He was already planning to make up for lost time the next day.
Gloria rolled her eyes. Tonight, she just wanted quality time with Skylar. Besides, she had heard whispers from the staff at Galaxy Villa about how often the linens needed changing lately. Joe needed some self-control, she thought; he was going to wear Skylar out at this rate. That look in his eyes was one of pure, unadulterated desire.
When they reached the next intersection, Joe got out and drove back to Galaxy Villa on his own, while Gloria and Skylar continued to Pearlhall Residence. Thirty minutes later, Joe arrived home. After showering, he climbed into the large, strangely empty bed. He had become far too accustomed to Skylar’s warmth beside him. As the realization struck, his expression darkened further.

Meanwhile, Jacky was engrossed in a new case file. He typically visited the Martin Group on Mondays and Fridays, dedicating the rest of his time to his law firm. Within half an hour of starting his workday, his assistant, Emily Diaz, walked in.
“Mr. Lourdes, there are two gentlemen here to see you without an appointment. They say it’s regarding a Ms. Sullivan,” she announced.
“Ms. Sullivan?” Jacky immediately thought of Skylar.
“Yes, sir.”
“Please, show them in.”
A few minutes later, Jeffrey and Peter entered the office. Jacky looked up from his documents, recognizing Peter from previous encounters and Jeffrey from various social functions. Their unexpected arrival piqued his curiosity, though his professional mask remained unchanged. His mind began to race with legal calculations. The Williams family, it seemed, was never far from trouble.

###chapter402
is there something you need?” Jacky asked coldly. 
Jeffery furrowed his brow at Jacky’s aloof demeanor. “We’re here to confirm your relationship with my daughter 
Peter chimed in, “It’s Skylar Sullivan.” 
Baffled, Jacky furrowed his brow, pondering whether he had any relationship with Skylar. “Ms. Sullivan?” he inquired. 
Suddenly, a curious incident came to mind. John had mentioned the Williams family approaching the Gardners, questioning his relationship with Skylar. 
They believed she was his mistress and hoped to exploit their connection to escape their predicament. Now, they were desperate enough to seek him out. 
“She’s my client,” Jacky stated firmly. 
Knowing how much Joe valued Skylar, Jacky wondered who dared claim a relationship with her. John had mentioned Joe’s displeasure at seeing photos of Skylar working on his phone. Jacky didn’t want to spark Joe’s jealousy. 
“Just a client? We’re all intelligent people here, Mr. Lourdes. You wouldn’t represent Skylar solely because of her finances. Many in Jipsburg City couldn’t afford your services, let alone someone like Skylar,” Peter stated frankly. 
Despite the Williamses approaching Jacky for legal help previously, he wouldn’t even grant them a meeting, let alone listen to their case. Peter found it difficult to believe there was no relationship at
all. 
Jeffrey spoke gravely, “Since we’ve come to you, Mr. Lourdes, we would appreciate your honesty. You can simply tell us the truth.” 
“The truth?” Jacky’s voice deepened. 
“Is it true you’ve been involved with Skylar, using your connections to get her on Alexander’s team and halt the television program?” Peter wasted no time, getting straight to the point. 
The Williams family was desperate for any opportunity to turn things around. 
After hearing their accusations, Jacky discreetly activated his phone’s recording function. 
“So?” he said. 
“If you have a relationship with Skylar, we hope you can help our family. Our company is in trouble. Banks are refusing loans. 
“You wouldn’t want Skylar’s family to drag you down, would you? Help us, and it can benefit your relationship with Skylar. She’ll be grateful, even if you don’t marry her. She’ll be devoted to you, willingly becoming yours. We’ll support you,” Peter laid out his scheme. 
The Willems Group was in dire straite. The company was doomed if they didn’t come up with a solution 
Jeffery nodded. “That’s our only request. If you can assist, I can ensure Skylar becomes your lifelong mistress. She’ll obey you faithfully and won’t interfere with your family.” 
The Williams family disliked Skylar. If she could be of service, then perhaps her existence wouldn’t be 
entirely in vain, 
After hearing their plan, Jacky recalled what John had told him previously. He couldn’t help but wonder if they knew how foolish they sounded. 
His two encounters with Skylar had left him with a positive impression. Gloria and Joe had also accepted her. Yet, here she was, being bullied by her own family. 
“I repeat, Ms. Sullivan is a client. This entire conversation has been recorded, and it can be used as evidence of slander in the future. You have two options. Leave on your own accord, or I will have our security guard, Anthony Richardson, escort you out,” Jacky said coldly. 
He would have demanded compensation for his wasted time if he hadn’t intended to record their conversation. 
“You!” Both Peter and Jeffrey’s faces turned pale. They wondered if they had approached the wrong person again. It seemed impossible–they couldn’t have made the same mistake twice. 
“Are you truly saying there’s nothing between you and Skylar?” Peter found it hard to believe. He was convinced there had to be more to the story. 
Skylar had grown up in the countryside. Peter couldn’t understand how she could have managed to hire Jacky. He wondered if she had used up all her money to secure his services. 
###chapter403
Jeffrey couldn’t understand why Jacky would only help Skyfer when so many wealthy people in Jipsbu City were willing to pay him. It didn’t make sense unless Skylar was using some kind of seduction, 
“Did Skylar say something to make you treat us differently?” Jeffrey frowned. The more he thought about it, the more suspicious he became. Skylar’s behavior was really starting to get on his nerves. 
Jacky turned to Emily and said curtly. “Call Anthony.” 
“Okay” 
The mention of Anthony darkened both Peter’s and Jeffrey’s faces. 
“Mr. Lourdes, aren’t you taking this a bit too far?” Jeffrey exclaimed angrily. 
Peter stared defiantly at Jacky, but his expression was unreadable. Jipsburg City’s most renowned lawyer was a master at concealing his emotions. 
Within two minutes, Anthony arrived. 
Peter and Jeffrey’s faces fell even further upon seeing him. 
Ten minutes later, Joe finished a meeting and checked his phone. Jacky had left him a message and a 
recording. 
The message said that Peter and Jeffrey Williams had confronted Jacky. They believed Skylar was his mistress and tried to pressure him into helping them. 
The recording revealed Peter and Jeffrey disparaging Skylar with every word. Each insult made Joe 
angrier. 
It infuriated Joe to think the Williams family saw his wife this way? Were they trying to pimp her out? Did they want Skylar to be someone’s mistress for life? 
and the Williams family seemed no different. These 
The Martins had their fair share of shameless people, experiences fueled a burning resentment in Joe’s heart. 
“There’s no need to tell Skylar about this,” Joe decided as he dialed Jacky’s number. 
Jacky chuckled. “If the Williams family knew Skylar married you, they’d be in for a shock. They might even come begging. But trust me, they won’t get a simple escort out by security this time. 
“I’ve gathered evidence of their corporate crimes. That evidence is enough to put them away for a decade at least. I’ll hand it to Mr. Ziegler when he gets back.” 
“Good,” Joe said before hanging up. His mind drifted back to the day he and Skylar registered their 
marriage. She had looked pale and heartbreakingly fragile. 
Was she really being bullied by those Williams jerks? And what about Christopher? 
###chapter404
Restless and frustrated, Joe lit a cigarette. A few drags didn’t ease his agitation. 
He glanced at his chat with Skylar on his phone. Was she truly happy living at Pearlhall Residence? She had yet to send a single message or call him. He took a few more drags and dialed her number. However, it wasn’t Skylar who took his call, 
“Hello, this is Caleb Gardner, Skylar’s assistant,” Caleb said, surprised to see “Partner” displayed on the caller ID. 
Caleb pondered whether Skylar was engaged in a business venture with someone. 
My Joe insured hea voice laced with suspicion 
Joe’s voice, a deep, menacing rumble, sent a jolt of terror through the phone and straight down Caleb’s 
ne, leaving him trembling 
Yes, I’m Skylar’s assistant. She’s currently unavailable and can’t take your call. Please let me know if I can help you with anything. ITI pass the message along” 
Joe’s expression hardened as he listened to Caleb’s voice. He bristled at the thought of a male assistant, especially one who sounded so young. 
“Tell her to call me when she’s free,” Joe said curtly before hanging up. 
Caleb blinked, confused. Who could that have been? Despite the icy tone, the caller seemed close to Skylar. 
He approached Skylar, who was engrossed in work. 
“Who was it?” Skylar asked. 
“Someone named ‘Partner‘ called, Caleb said. “He said to have you call him back when you’re free. Are you in business with someone?” 
Hearing “Partner piqued Skylar’s curiosity about Joe’s reason for calling. 
Nonetheless, Caleb’s casual mention of “Partner” sent a jolt through her. Hadn’t she, on a whim, renamed Joe’s contact to “Partner“? She saw their relationship fitting that label. However, she hadn’t anticipated Joe calling while she was busy, and Caleb stepping in to answer had led to the misunderstanding. 
She smiled. “That’s my husband.” 
Skylar’s revelation caught Caleb off guard, the realization hitting him hard. When he thought about Skylar being another man’s wife, a pang of dissatisfaction settled in his gut. He wondered if this man deserved her and if he treated her well. 
“So, that was your husband,” Caleb said, attempting nonchalance. 
Skylar hummed in acknowledgment. She quickly finished her work and called Joe back. 
“I was busy with work just now. Did you need something?” Skylar asked. 
Joe’s response was sharp. “Can’t I call without needing something?” 
Skylar was taken aback and unsure how to respond. 
“What time will you be home tonight?” Joe continued. 
“I should be home around 5:00 pm. If there’s anything you’d like for dinner, let me know. I can cook something for you,” Skylar replied. 
Joe’s irritation subsided slightly at her concern. However, he wasn’t interested in food. 
“I’ll be devouring you tonight. Be ready by 9:00 pm,” he said, his tone a chilling mix of casualness and possessiveness. Skylar’s cheeks flushed at his suggestive words. 
Taking a deep breath, Skylar was grateful Caleb was in the restroom and hadn’t overheard their conversation. 
###chapter405
Skylar spoke softly into the phone. “Mr. Martin, I’m sorry, but it’s that time of the month. 
Silence hung heavy on the other end. Skylar almost thought the call had dropped. 
A sly smile played on her lips. “You’ll have to handle it yourself, then.* 
There was a boat of silence, and then Joe’s voice returned, even colder than before. “See you at 9:00 pm.” 
After ending the call, Skylar returned to work. 
Only later, as Joe pulled her into bed, did Skylar realize escape was futile. His kiss silenced any questions she might have had. 
Exhaustion washed over her. Drifting off to sleep, Skylar contemplated her visiting Gloria and staying over at Pearlhall Residence for the next few days. 
The dimly lit room at Williams Residence held the aftermath of a passionate encounter. 
Despite Jeffrey and Peter being at home, Kenny and Maisy couldn’t resist each other. Maisy had left at trail of love bites on Kenny’s shoulder. 
After they finished, they snuggled back into bed. Nestled in Kenny’s arms, Maisy murmured, “When can we finally tell Dad about us? Sneaking around is getting tiresome.” 
Kenny sighed, feeling somewhat helpless. “Let’s hold off a little longer. The family situation is complex right now, and my job is on the line. They’re downsizing, and I can’t focus on research with all this going 
1. on. 
“I was thinking I could process my resignation in a couple of days. Either I’ll take over the family business or start something new.” 
Maisy’s eyes sparkled with enthusiasm. “I support you completely. We could use some of Dad’s money to launch our own business. You’d be the CEO. How prestigious is that?” 
She saw Kenny as a diamond in the rough, with the potential to someday eclipse the brilliance of even Joe. 
Maisy fantasized about being the CEO’s wife, a position Skylar could never hold. She believed Joe only saw Skylar as a fling. He’d get bored eventually, and then her hopes of staying on Alexander’s team would be dashed. 
Owning a four–bedroom apartment wasn’t that impressive, Maisy thought. Only people with limited experience found it so grand. Sure, it was expensive, but to their family, it was nothing extraordinary. 
As for the millions Skylar supposedly earned in a month, Maisy scoffed. It was likely a “paycheck from Joe. If she were Skylar, she wouldn’t be bragging about it. There was nothing honorable about that kind of 
arrangement. 
Maisy, meanwhile, was about to step into the role of a CEO’s wife. But did she brag about it? Moreover, the Williams family assets would eventually pass to Kenny. 
“Yeah, we shouldn’t concern ourselves with others in the company. Let’s proceed with this decision. Kenny hesitated initially. But Maisy’s words convinced him. 
Besides, he’d also noticed Steven’s increasing competence and how his colleagues distanced themselves. Staying on seemed pointless. 
“Kenny, there’s something I’ve been debating telling you,” Maisy confessed. “I only found out yesterday, and it’s been weighing on me. I can’t be certain, but Dad and Peter went to see Mr. Lourdes and came back furious. I’m torn because Dad will only get angrier if it’s wrong.” 
“Tell me, whatever it is,” Kenny urged. “This is a safe space.” 
“Well, I saw Skylar and Joe at a restaurant. They seemed close. It makes me wonder if Joe, not Paul or John, is the one secretly supporting Skylar financially.” 
Kenny’s eyes widened in surprise. “What?” 
It turned out that it was Joe who had been backing Skylar all along. 
Suddenly, he remembered the day Skylar had returned and declared she’d be getting into Joe’s bed. Back then, they’d all thought she was crazy, spouting nonsense. 
But Skylar had gotten into Joe’s bed. And if Joe was her benefactor, then Jacky helping Skylar made perfect sense. 
###chapter406
Kenry pondered for a moment before saying, “We need to tell Mom and Dad about this.” 
if it truly were Joe, his assistance would completely alleviate their current predicament. Everything troubling them could be effortlessly resolved. 
“No, I need confirmation first. Three mistakes in a row–if we get this wrong again, Joe’s anger might fall upon our family, and we’ll be done for in Jipsburg City.” Kenny quickly turned cautious again. 
Maisy gave a firm nod. “Your concern is valid, Kenny.” 
After that, they made love once more. 
As dawn approached, Kenny quietly returned to his room. Passing by Sadie’s room, he heard pained gasps coming from within, He hesitated, contemplating whether to check on her. 
However, the thought of potential trouble deterred him. After all, Sadie had just had surgery, and some pain was to be expected. Besides, she might be exaggerating. 
He quickly dismissed the thought and went back to sleep. After waking up, he intended to go to the company and hand in his resignation. 
Meanwhile, Sadie lay in bed, wide–eyed and unable to sleep in the dim light. The constant pain made her feel like giving up. 
Throughout the day, no one from her family had visited her, and it shocked her that they hadn’t heard her complaints. Only the maid had briefly checked in. 
But the maid was overworked and couldn’t provide proper care. 
Scenes from her dreams resurfaced. She vividly recalled how they had ignored Skylar’s situation, just like they were doing to her now, or even worse. At least the maid visited Sadie, while in her dreams, they dismissed the maid whenever she tried to help Skylar. 
Sadie wondered if this was karma. After all, Skylar’s accident was her fault, yet they ignored her. Even in reality, since Skylar’s return, Sadie hadn’t shown her an ounce of kindness, bordering on mistreatment. 
Sadie began sobbing. “K–Karma. This is my retribution… They will get theirs too!” she almost screamed, the vast silence amplifying her words. 
Everyone in the house practically heard her outburst. However, they feigned ignorance. Their patience with Sadie was wearing thin. 
Jeffery cursed inwardly, “Fuck your karma!” 
Sadie had constantly tormented others; she was her own karma! That was why the accident happened to her, not someone else. 
Startled awake, Jeffery clenched his fists. He couldn’t believe he was married to such a selfish and erratic woman. All she had to do was rest quietly. 
During her lunch break, Skylar headed to the mall across the street to meet Natalie for lunch. Natalie happened to be nearby. 
Austin was filming nearby last night and had a break during the day. He would resume filming around 5:00 pm. Natalie took advantage of this free time to visit Skylar. 
However, within ten minutes of sitting down, Skylar yawned twice. 
###chapter407
Natalle squinted. “You seem out of it. What were you up to last night?” 
Skylar admitted candidly. “I spent the whole night with Joe.” 
Natalie rolled her eyes, wondering if Skylar was becoming obsessed with Joe. The thought even crossed her mind that maybe Skylar was even having erotic dreams about him. 
Yet, there was no denying Joe was a top catch. If Skylar could snag him in real life, Natalie would be genuinely happy for her. 
Skylar remained tight–lipped, unable to elaborate further. Natalie, sensing this, wisely changed the subject. 
“It’s so refreshing to be back working again,” Natalie remarked. “I feel like a whole new person.” 
Skylar expressed her happiness for Natalie sincerely. “The vibrant Natalie is back, shining bright like a sun! 
Welcome back!” 
Natalie had seemed listless a while back. Her life essentially revolved around Jeremy, who was perpetually swamped with work. 
At their age, they should be pursuing their dreams. 
Despite that, an inexplicable weight settled on Skylar’s mind as she thought about Natalie and Jeremy. 
“If I didn’t have work later, we’d be celebrating with drinks right now,” Natalie lamented. 
“We can always do that after you’re finished,” Skylar replied with a smile. 
Natalie raised her smoothie. “Let’s toast with our smoothies instead.” 
They both took large gulps of their smoothies. 
Suddenly, Natalie spotted a familiar face. She blinked, unsure at first, but a closer look confirmed her 
suspicions. 
“What’s going on?” Skylar followed Natalie’s gaze. 
“It’s my husband’s secretary,” Natalie explained. “That’s odd. The company is nowhere near here. What’s she doing at the mall on her lunch break?” 
Natalie checked the time. 
The commute from Jeremy’s company to the mall and back took roughly 40 minutes, barely enough time for lunch. It wouldn’t make sense for someone to travel this far just to shop at an ordinary mall in Jipsburg. 
Natalie couldn’t help but notice the smile plastered on Annabelle’s face as she chatted on the phone. The woman was undeniably beautiful, captivating the attention of everyone around her. 
Unfamiliar with Annabelle, Skylar furrowed her brow upon seeing her for the first time. “Mr. Hughes‘ secretary?” 
“Yes, I met her at the company last time,” Natalle replied. “She’s new. She’s absolutely stunning, a real 
head–turner. 
“Still, you outshine anyone, Skylar. You’re one of a kind! But you must look at her physique! She’s Incredibly fit. If were a man, I’d be amitton!” 
Natalie admired Annabelle’s well–proportioned figure with a touch of envy. Such a figure was undoubtedly the result of dedicated exercise. 
Unlike Annabelle, Skylar avoided outfits that’accentuated her figure. She believed that her allure would surpass Annabelle’s if she chose to dress that way. 
The distance hampered a clear view, but Skylar managed to catch a glimpse of a bracelet on Annabelle’s wrist. It was an unassuming piece, almost easy to miss, and there seemed to be a faint mist surrounding 
1. it. 
“There’s something strange about that secretary,” Skylar frowned, a feeling of unease washing over her. 
Natalie was perplexed. “Strange?” 
“I can’t quite explain it,” Skylar admitted. “Is she just Mr. Hughes‘ secretary?” 
“Yeah. But when I saw her at the company last time, she wasn’t dressed as casually or seductively as she is now. I even asked Jeremy why he suddenly changed secretaries. 
“He merely said the previous one had some personal problems and left. He doesn’t seem to have much of an impression of this secretary, Natalie explained, shrugging off her concerns. 
###chapter408
Natalie didn’t think Annabelle was Jeremy’s type. During their movie or TV nights, Jeremy never seemed interested in actresses who looked like Annabelle. Moreover, Jeremy wasn’t one to pursue someone readily available; he seemed to prefer more challenging pursuits. 
Skylar didn’t dwell on it. She just had a nagging suspicion. Ultimately, she trusted Jeremy’s character and their relationship. Besides, their situation was entirely different from hers and Christopher’s. Furthermore, Jeremy and Natalie were familiar faces to each other’s families. 
At that moment, Annabelle was carrying several shopping bags filled with newly purchased clothes. She was on the phone with Jeremy. 
“Mr. Hughes, please don’t do that again like this morning. I slept in until 10:00 am, and my back is killing me,” she said in a soft, flirtatious voice. 
A passerby overheard her conversation, his eyes widening in shock. Was this something meant for his ears? 
The passerby couldn’t help but be captivated by her stunning figure. Annabelle possessed the kind of beauty that left him almost dizzy. If things went further, he knew he wouldn’t be able to resist. 
Annabelle noticed the man staring at her with lust after ending the call. 
A disdainful smile played across her lips as she pondered how an ordinary man like him could dare to think such thoughts about her. How audacious! 
The man scoffed at her disdainful look. “Mr. Hughes, huh? You’re probably just his little plaything! What’s with the act?” 
Annabelle bristled at his mocking tone. “You!” 
The man leered. “What’s the matter? Are you trying to seduce me now? You’re a looker, I’ll give you that. Beg me nicely, and maybe I’ll consider spending the night.” 
With that vulgar remark, the man disappeared, leaving Annabelle fuming. His words struck a deep chord, echoing the truth she desperately tried to ignore. 
She was indeed a plaything to Jeremy. 
“No,” she thought, “I’ll be Mrs. Hughes!” 
A glance at her watch told her lunch was almost over. She decided to grab a quick bite before heading to the Gardner Group across the street. First, though, she needed to get something from her car. 
Skylar and Natalie parted ways after lunch. 
Skylar returned to her workroom to continue her restoration work. 
###chapter409
porcelain piece. He wants you to see if it can be restored.” 
“Let’s go check it out,” Skylar said, putting down her current work. 
They then headed to Alexander’s office. 
Skylar was surprised to see Annabelle there. Now, it made sense why she had been at the mall across the street. She had come to get a porcelain fixed. 
Skylar’s gaze briefly landed on the bracelet on Annabelle’s wrist. A faint, unfamiliar scent lingered in the air. 
Annabelle didn’t recognize Skylar. However, the moment their eyes met, a flurry of comparisons flooded Annabelle’s mind. 
Annabelle couldn’t help but compare herself to Skylar, whose beauty rivaled her own. Within the company. Annabelle had always prided herself on her unique attractiveness. But now, doubt gnawed at her. 
Annabelle frowned, Was Alexander serious about sending his greenest team member to evaluate her precious item? It felt like a blatant dismissal. 
Even if Alexander wasn’t interested in the repair or found her offer lacking, surely he shouldn’t have sent someone so obviously unseasoned to appease her. Annabelle simmered with anger but kept her composure. 
Alexander held immense power in Jipsburg. Every family treated him with cautious respect. Openly displaying displeasure would be akin to declaring him an enemy. 
Annabelle wouldn’t have come to Alexander if there were any other options. Furthermore, Jeremy’s generous gift had dwindled to nothing, leaving her unable to afford exorbitant repair costs. 
The porcelain, accidentally dropped and shattered that morning, had consumed her thoughts since Jeremy’s departure. Due to the severity of the damage, her search for a repair person yielded only rejections. 
This porcelain held immense value to her. A swift repair was crucial to her marriage plans with Jeremy. “Skylar, take a look,” Alexander said, gesturing toward the scattered fragments for her examination. Skylar cast a discreet glance at Annabelle before focusing on the heavily damaged pieces. 
The porcelain was indeed severely damaged. There might even be missing fragments. 
Picking up a piece, she examined it closely. Upon noticing the patterns and a faint lingering scent, her eyes narrowed. She immediately put the piece down and retrieved a tissue to cleanse her fingers of the 
scent. 
Alexander observed Skylar’s actions with surprise. 
Caleb blinked as Skylar’s clear aversion to the fragment she had just handled was impossible to miss. A sliver of unease snaked through him. Were these broken pieces beyond even her exceptional skills? 
Annabelle, noticing Skylar’s hand–wiping, spoke with a hint of displeasure. “I clean the porcelain daily. It’s not dirty. Besides, the breakage happened at home. There’s no dirt on it. There’s no need
for such disdain.” Skylar’s response was cold and direct. “I can’t fix this.” She looked at Annabelle before turning to Alexander. 
Alexander’s surprise was evident. Skylar had readily accepted a far more damaged porcelain for repair, yet she was refusing this one. There had to be a reason. 
“You’ll need to find someone else,” he advised Annabelle. 
Annabelle had already anticipated Skylar’s inability to repair it. How could such a young team member handle such extensive damage? 
Seeing Alexander usher her out. Annabelle’s anxiety flared. I understand repairing it by you would cost significantly more than my offer, but Mr. Gardner Sentor, could you please reconsider? This porcelain is very important to me.” 
1 can’t repair it. Please find someone else.” Alexander refused outright. 
Clearly, her usual charm tactics were ineffective on Alexander. 
Caleb crossed his arms and sized Annabelle up. “Miss, are you targeting the wrong person with charms? Mr. Gardner Senior is getting on in years. You’d be better off saving your effort.” 
Her limited funds and attempt to win them over with tears wouldn’t secure the repair, especially considering their apparent reluctance. Annabelle flushed in embarrassment. 
Alexander shot Caleb a stern glance. “You’d better watch what you say.” 
Alexander wouldn’t change his mind. Annabelle knew there was no point in persisting. 
your 
The vast city of Jipsburg surely held someone with the expertise to mend her porcelain. She just had to find them. 
Caleb, confused, turned to Skylar after Annabelle’s departure. 
###chapter410
ter porcelain isn’t as broken as the one we’re working on,” Caleb sald. “Why’d you say it couldn’t be fixed after one look? Is there a reason?” 
Alexander’s curiosity piqued. “What’s wrong with that porcelain?” 
Skylar saw no reason to withhold the truth. “There’s definitely something off about that porcelain. It’s not meant for decoration; it houses a negative Item for some dark purpose.” 
She’d also noticed something suspicious about the bracelet Annabelle wore. Her intentions weren’t pure. Alexander was taken aback. “Negative items?” 
He wasn’t familiar with such things, but Viola was, and Skylar was her protégé. That was enough for him to trust her. 
“No wonder I felt on edge when she came in, Caleb admitted belatedly. “I couldn’t explain it, but the feeling vanished the moment she left.” 
The same for me,” echoed Alexander. “I thought it was just my age catching up with me, but I never imagined someone would resort to such dark magic.” 
He sighed. It reflected the darker side of humanity–manipulative and opportunistic. 
“Did either of you touch the fragments? Wash your hands if you did. We should also air out the room by opening the windows,” Skylar advised. The unpleasant odor still lingered for her. 
Suddenly, she thought of Jeremy. Annabelle was Jeremy’s secretary, and they spent nearly every day together. Their constant interaction might influence him. 
However, the company was large. Even with daily interactions, as long as Annabelle’s actions didn’t directly involve Jeremy, the impact would be minimal. 
Furious after leaving Alexander’s office, Annabelle contacted several renowned restorers through a friend. 
However, after sending photos of the shattered porcelain, all she received were messages of 
helplessness. The porcelain was too badly broken, and even her high–price offers couldn’t tempt anyone to take on the job. 
“Why is my luck so bad lately? Everything’s going wrong. Everything seems to be falling apart just as I’m about to become Mrs. Hughes!” she cried in frustration. 
That morning, she shouldn’t have messed around with Jeremy in the living room. In a moment of recklessness, she’d accidentally knocked over the porcelain. 
As the porcelain shattered, she tried to hide her nervousness, fearing Jeremy might suspect something. 
Annabelle gently touched her still flat abdomen. The baby inside was remarkably calm. Despite all the passionate encounters with Jeremy, it seemed unaffected. She might have forgotten she was pregnant if 
not for the occasional fatigue, 
Just a little longer,” she whispered. “Soon, we’ll both be part of the Hughes family. No one will stop us. That Natalie can’t compete with me. Your father will eventually see how amazing I am, and we’ll all be a family.” 
Gazing at the shattered porcelain, a deep unease settled over Annabelle. On some level, she sensed it signified something. 
Natalie had planned to stay up late with Austin, but his evening shoot was abruptly canceled. The female lead sustained an injury and was rushed to the hospital. 
Austin decided to rest, and so did Natalie. She passed by Jeremy’s company on her way back and decided to stop by. Instructing the cab driver to pull over, she dialed Jeremy’s number. 
It was nearing the end of his workday, so he shouldn’t be too busy. As she expected, Jeremy answered promptly. “Nath.” 
Natalia murmare, may be heading home tree Arn your busy today? 
There was a twn–encond allence before Jeremy repliest. I’m heading to the airport now. I meant to call you from there, but things got hectic. Take care of yourself these next few days. I’ll make it up to you when 1 retum from this business tip 
“Another trip? If I had known earlier, I would have come to the airport to see you off. We could have at least seen each other. Even though she was somewhat mentally prepared, Jeremy’s response still left Natalie feeling unsettled 
“111 be back in just a couple of days, Nath. I’ll miss you.” Jeremy reassured Natalie in a gentle, soothing 
tone 
Natalie, mollified by his tone, simply said, “Alright.” 
The driver saw Natalie end the call. “Ready to go?” 
Natalie glanced longingly at the Hughes Group building. She’d hoped to surprise Jeremy. 
Just as she was about to instruct the driver, she spotted Jeremy walking out. Her expression changed abruptly. Wasn’t he supposed to be rushing to the airport for his business trip? 
###chapter411
As Natalie watched Jeremy disappear into a car, a wave of nausea washed over her, leaving her dizzy and disoriented. Her mind reeled, struggling to grasp the reality before her. 
The driver had to call out to her several times before she finally snapped back to reality, her face pale. 
The car Jeremy was in disappeared from her sight. 
“Sorry. Let’s go,” Natalie mumbled. 
The driver noticed Natalie’s pale face. She had been so lively and cheerful when she got into the car. He then remembered her phone call. Putting two and two together, a flicker of understanding crossed his 
face. 
Experienced and a man himself, he kindly said, “You’ve recently gotten married, haven’t you? Don’t be too heartbroken. Take some time for yourself to explore. Sometimes, you need to focus on yourself more. Don’t lose yourself in a relationship.” 
The driver privately remarked that losing oneself didn’t always signify being loved more. He viewed men as generally practical and realistic in matters like these. 
The driver saw no need to elaborate further, sensing Natalie’s Intelligence. 
Natalie felt adrift, her mind a tangled mess. The driver’s words, though kind, seemed distant and 
irrelevant. She moved mechanically through the motions of returning home, and before she knew it, she had finished her bowl of pasta. 
A sudden ring from her phone startled her. It was Austin. “Are you home?” 
“Yeah, I’m home,” Natalie replied, her voice muffled. Only then did she realize she had been crying Into fier paste just moments ago. 
Her voice was thick with emotion. 
Austin paused briefly before asking, “Are you crying?” 
“Uh… I. I just watched a show,” Natalie stammered. “The male lead deceived the female lead. She 
trusted him so much, but he still lied to her. Are there no good men left in this world?” 
The words tumbled out, a desperate plea for reassurance that contradicted a belief that seemed to be crumbling around her. 
Austin could sense that something was off. “Natalie, what’s wrong?” 
“Nothing… Nothing’s wrong. I’ll talk to you later. I need to go. See you tomorrow, Mr. Powell.” Natalie hurriedly terminated the call. 
With her still trembling hand, she called Skylar. 
###chapter412
Natalie’s facade crumbled the moment the call connected. “Jeremy lied to me! He lied to me!” she cried, her voice cracking. She knew all too well the sting of deception. This wasn’t the first time Jeremy had betrayed her trust. 
Skylar had just returned to Galaxy Villa when the sound of Natalie’s distraught words drifted through the receiver, sending a jolt of worry through her. An Image of Annabelle Inexplicably flashed in her mind. 
“Nath, where are you? I’ll go to you.” Skylar grabbed her shoes, ready to dash out the door. 
Just then, Joe returned. He raised an eyebrow, surprised to see Skylar about to leave in such a hurry. 
“My friend needs me urgently,” Skylar explained after confirming Natalie was home. “I won’t be back tonight.” 
Without waiting for a response, she hurried out. 
Joe stared at the empty doorway, a cold mutter escaping his lips. “A friend?” 
What kind of friend, he wondered, could whisk Skylar away so abruptly after a phone call? She hadn’t even acknowledged him. 
A hint of coldness flickered in Joe’s eyes as he clenched his jaw. 
Natalie had stopped crying by the time Skylar arrived at Hughes Residence. However, she’d managed to unearth a few bottles of alcohol, one of which was already half–empty. The strong scent of liquor hung 
heavy in the air. 
As soon as she saw Skylar, tears welled up in Natalie’s eyes again. “He deceived me, Skylar! Jeremy 
deceived me!” 
“He could have just told me he didn’t want to come home anymore, that he didn’t want to be with me,” Natalie sobbed. “I would have let him go. But lying to me? How could he do that? I trusted him completely! 
Skylar took the bottle from Natalie. “What exactly did he lie to you about?” 
Through her tears, Natalie recounted the events that had transpired earlier. 
“Are you sure it was him?” Skylar asked. 
Natalie nodded forcefully. “I’m absolutely sure. I know him and his driver, Lucas. When he said he was on a business trip, he sounded normal. But I’m sure he’s been lying about all these trips lately. Maybe…. Maybe he’s fallen for another woman.” 
The thought sent a fresh wave of pain crashing over her, making it hard for her to breathe. 
Skylar’s expression turned serious. “All we know is that he lied this time. We shouldn’t jump to other 
conclusions about him. 
“Nath, I know little about your relationship. And I don’t know your husband as well as you do or what changes he might be going through. You need to calm down and think carefully about what to
do next.” 
Earlier, Natalie had felt utterly lost. But as the alcohol wore off, a sense of clarity began to return. She 
sank onto the couch, burying her face in her knees. 
“You’re right. We’ve known each other for so long. I understand him better than anyone. I remember the way he used to look at me, the admiration in his eyes. 
“That’s why his recent behavior, coldness, and distance make me question myself and wonder if I’m imagining things. I need to know the truth, why he lied to me.” 
Seeing a flicker of determination return to Natalie’s eyes, Skylar offered her unwavering support. “No matter what you discover, even if it’s just a misunderstanding, I’ll be here for you.” 
Natalie stopped crying. A strong intuition gnawed at her, whispering that Jeremy’s deception was more 
than a simple misunderstanding. 
###chapter413
Two days of unlamad passion unfolded at the hot spring resort Jeremy and Annabelle remained secluded, indulging in their desires and having meals delivered to their room. It was as if they had unleashed their inner wildness. 
Annabelle reveled in Jeremy’s unrestrained ardor, which fueled her belief that his feelings for her had deepened. After all, his past flings had never reached this level of intensity. 
As their departure after lunch approached, a pang of reluctance settled in Annabelle’s heart. Her affection for Jeremy had blossomed further during their seclusion. 
“Mr. Hughes,” she pleaded, her voice tinged with vulnerability she couldn’t quite conceal, “I can’t bear the thought of being apart from you. Couldn’t we delay our departure until tonight?” 
The immensity of the future stretched before her, yet all she craved was the present, every moment spent by his side. 
Jeremy declared in a cold, emotionless voice, “Starting today, you’re leaving Jipsburg City. You can’t return without my permission.” 
Annabelle was taken aback. She thought she must have misheard. “Leave Jipsburg City?” 
“Yes.” 
“Why? Why do you want me to leave Jipsburg City? Where would I go? Mr. Hughes, I can’t just leave without you!” Annabelle panicked. 
His abrupt demand fueled a storm of questions in her mind. What triggered this sudden change? All her efforts, almost on the verge of fruition, were met with such callous indifference. It clashed with
their recent intimacy. She refused to leave. 
Memories surfaced. He’d forced his previous secretary to resign. Now, it was her turn to be banished. from Jipsburg City. 
Did Natalie mean so much to him that he could readily abandon her? 
Jeremy then handed her a bank card. “Leave Jipsburg City. If there’s a need, I’ll go to you. You can marry someone else or do whatever else you want. There’s five million dollars in this card.” 
Despite succumbing to his desires with Annabelle, his heart harbored a gnawing fear. The call from Natalie two days ago served as a stark reminder. He couldn’t lose her. 
Annabelle stared at the card, taking a deep breath. “Didn’t you promise I could stay as long as I behaved? Haven’t I been compliant? I cater to your every whim, and when you lose interest, I’m simply your secretary again. Haven’t I been flawless at work? Is this still not enough?” 
Her fists clenched, her heart a constricted knot. It had to be Natalie. This ordinary woman threatened to unravel all her meticulously laid plans. 
“No,” Jeremy replied curtly. 
He rose, methodically putting on his clothes. The finality in his demeanor brooked no argument. 
Annabelle’s face drained of color. “Since starting college in Jipsburg City, I vowed never to leave the city. Mr. Hughes, you can’t be this selfish. I can resign, disappear from your sight entirely.” Her voice trembled 
with forced resolve. 
But a silent vow echoed in her mind. She wouldn’t leave. She was determined to be his wife. She wouldn’t 
let anything tear them apart. 
Jeremy studied Annabelle. He acknowledged her recent impeccable behavior and the promises she kept. With a curt nod, he conceded, “Okay.” 
Later that evening, after finishing work, Skylar received a call from Joe. He mentioned being nearby and offered to pick her up. She readily accepted since she hadn’t driven that day, and he’d dropped her off 
earlier. 
When work was done, she wasted no time heading to the curb, where Joe’s car awaited conspicuously 
###chapter414
Skylar hurried into the car, anxious to avoid being seen by her colleagues. “Let’s go,” she told Lucas once she was settled. 
Joe raised an eyebrow, noticing Skylar’s eagerness to leave. He wondered what was making her so 
anxious. 
“What are you hiding from?” Joe asked in a slightly chilly tone. 
“I’m worried about being seen by colleagues,” Skylar replied honestly, glancing outside. Relief washed over her when she confirmed no one saw her. 
Joe’s expression darkened. “Am I that embarrassing to be seen with?” 
His thoughts spiraled. Was being his wife such a disgrace? Was he really so terrible that she had to avoid being seen with him by her colleagues? 
Skylar initially didn’t understand his meaning. But she realized he had misunderstood when he said, ” embarrassing to be seen with“. 
“It’s not about you,” she clarified. “I just want to avoid the endless questions from my colleagues, which always lead to complicated explanations.” 
“Don’t your colleagues know you’re married?” Joe’s expression softened slightly, but his tone remained 
cool. 
Skylar adjusted her posture and leaned comfortably against the seat. “The people at your company don’t know you’re married either, do they?” Skylar remarked casually. 
Skylar pondered the situation, considering who was judging whom. 
To the uninformed observer, it might seem like Joe deliberately avoided her, almost as if he were preemptively rejecting her. 
Joe fell silent for a moment. He hadn’t considered that point. 
Lucas kept his eyes on the road, seemingly oblivious to their conversation. However, a hidden smile played on his lips. He sensed Joe growing to value Skylar, evidenced by his uncharacteristic anger. Yet, neither of them seemed to recognize the other’s feelings. 
Unbeknownst to them, Kenny had been watching for hours and witnessed Skylar entering Joe’s car. 
“We were completely wrong!” he exclaimed in shock. “We never considered Skylar because we thought 
she wasn’t good enough for Joe, and that he wouldn’t be interested in someone from the countryside. But 
it seems the most unexpected scenario is true! This could be our company’s big break!” 
Meanwhile, doubt had taken root, and Natalie hadn’t contacted Jeremy in days. Work offered a welcome 
escape from the turmoil in her mind. 
Chapte 414 
She hadn’t expected Jeremy to return this soon. However, upon arriving home after work, she found him already there. A large bouquet of flowers stood Invitingly by the door, their fragrance filling the villa. 
Jeremy was cooking dinner in the kitchen. The scene, so warm and domestic, felt like a distant memory. 
While Jeremy rarely cooked, it wasn’t entirely unheard of. The last time, however, was nearly a year ago. 
Memories stirred within Natalie. Since their marriage, she’d taken pride in preparing meals, waiting for him to return home. It was something she enjoyed, and she’d never considered hiring help. 
But now, an unsettling calm washed over her. The suitcase by her side served as a constant reminder of Jeremy’s betrayal. 
She then glanced at the vibrant bouquet. It was indeed beautiful. 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>> 
###chapter415
The flowers were undeniably beautiful, yet Natalie felt no joy receiving them. A coldness settled in her heart. 
Shaking off her thoughts, she changed her shoes and entered just as Jeremy emerged with a freshly prepared dish. 
“I landed this afternoon,” Jeremy said with a gentle smile. “Then, I handled some business at the company before I rushed back home. It’s been a while since I cooked. Come try this.” 
“Okay,” Natalie said, searching his expression for clues. 
But Jeremy was an enigma. If he didn’t want something known, it remained a secret. His thoughts were buried deep, his true feelings impossible to discern. 
Once, this inscrutability had been a source of admiration. His love, she believed, was enough. It had been palpable. Now, however… 
Jeremy still seemed the same, his eyes lighting up at the sight of her. But… 
A direct confrontation wouldn’t work. Natalie knew his acting skills were flawless. He’d weave a convincing web, leaving no trace of his deception. 
Jeremy’s smile vanished as she excused herself to wash her hands, replaced by a dark glint in his eyes. He knew his neglect had hurt her. 
He’d been too busy in the past to see her for months at a time, but the panic gnawing at him now was new. He wondered if his anxiety stemmed from Austin. 
Halfway through the meal, Natalie pushed away her plate. “Sorry, I had a sandwich on the way home. I didn’t know you were coming back and that you would cook dinner. I’m not really hungry.” 
It was true. Her appetite had dwindled lately, but she wasn’t keen on skipping meals. Spotting a long line at a sandwich shop, she impulsively bought two and finished them on her way home. 
O 
Jeremy’s gaze darkened slightly, but his tone remained gentle. “Alright. If you’re not hungry, don’t force it. I wanted to discuss something.” 
A flicker of hope ignited in Natalie. Could he be confessing? The reason didn’t matter. She’d believe him. 
“Quit your job. I can help you open a flower shop or a café if you want to work. The choice is yours,” Jeremy stated firmly. 
He offered post–resignation options without even asking whether she wanted to quit. 
Natalie’s face paled. Mustering a smile, she said, “Ldon’t want to quit yet. It’s a new job, and leaving now would be irresponsible. Besides, I like it.” 
Whether it was Austin or Hank, they were supportive, even with her mistakes. 
Jeremy’s gaze turned icy. “Look at me, Nath. 
Natalie took a deep breath and met his gaze. 
After a moment, Jeremy spoke softly, “I remember when you first started college, you said you wanted to open your own flower shop. I’m giving you the opportunity now. Why the change of heart?” 
“People’s desires change with time. I enjoy my work environment now. Maybe I’ll want to open a shop later, but not right now.” Natalie was resolute. She wouldn’t budge for anyone. 
Unless she quit or Austin fired her, she was determined to stay. 
Jeremy suddenly realized how much he had neglected Natalie. She no longer saw him as important as 
before. 
Realizing this, Jeremy found it hard to breathe. He responded heavily, “Alright, we’ll talk about it later.’ 
He had ways to make Natalie quit her job.
###chapter416
When Skylar stepped out of the bathroom after her shower, she found Joe already out. He was drying his hair, water droplets dripping from his lock. 
Shirtless, with only a towel around his waist, Joe turned toward her, his gaze deepening with desire. 
“Finished with your period?” he asked, approaching her. 
Joe possessed an undeniable presence. He stood there intimidatingly and without a word, yet the raw hunger in his eyes eclipsed his commanding presence. Despite his aloof demeanor, Skylar knew his 
intense desires. 
Ever since their relationship began, their shared bed became a battleground. Upon recalling his intensity, Skylar’s legs went weak. “Yes, but… I have work to do. You should sleep first.” 
She moved toward the door, but Joe, a tall wall of a man, blocked her path. His gaze narrowed. “First, the secrecy about our marriage. Now, this neglect of your wifely duties. Explain yourself, or else…” 
“Or else what?” Skylar thought. But her retort died on her lips as Joe pulled her into a fierce kiss. 
The force of the kiss almost knocked Skylar off balance. He didn’t give her a chance to explain. 
Lost in his embrace, Skylar bit his shoulder and called him a “scoundrel“. 
At Williams Residence, sleep eluded everyone. Uncharacteristically, the entire Williams family gathered in Sadie’s room, their first visit since her hospital discharge days ago. 
Visits during those days had been scarce. Occasional nighttime appearances lasted no more than three minutes, followed by claims of exhaustion and a need for rest. 
Today, however, the entire family arrived unexpectedly. 
Sadie’s initial curiosity quickly morphed into suspicion. They wouldn’t appear out of the blue without a reason. An agenda was afoot. 
As expected, after hearing Kenny’s account of the day’s events, Sadie understood their motives perfectly. They wanted to use her. 
Their sudden visit wasn’t fueled by pangs of conscience or a desire for heartfelt family bonding. It was all wishful thinking on her part. 
Jeffery’s voice boomed, laced with caution. “How can we be sure you’ve identified the right person this 
time?” 
Three prior mistakes had left him wary. 
Peter also frowned. 
###chapter417
Samuel scoffed, “That’s unlikely. Does Skylar have that much charm? Joe has plenty of women around 
him. 
“Any of them could easily outshine Skylar, so why would Joe be interested in her? I even saw her with a boy toy!” 
In his eyes, Skylar, whom he disliked, was inferior to Maisy in every way. 
Maisy met Kenny’s gaze. With newfound determination, she spoke directly. “I’m positive. I saw Skylar and Joe acting intimately at a restaurant the day before yesterday. They were chatting and laughing.” 
If Kenny had been the only one claiming this, Jeffrey might have hesitated and possibly even been reluctant to take such a risk again. 
Having mistakenly targeted the wrong person three times already, they had significantly offended John and Jacky. It was a significant blow to the Williamses. Offending Joe on top of that would be self- 
destructive. 
“Seems like it might be true then,” Jeffrey conceded. 
Samuel’s face darkened. “How could Joe be interested in her? What’s so good about her?” 
Maisy secretly agreed with Samuel’s doubts. She pondered what made Skylar so special. Joe must have 
been misled by her words. 
“She’s on Alexander’s team and earns a substantial monthly salary, which says a lot about her capabilities. We clearly misunderstood her before,” Sadie spoke up unexpectedly, defending Skylar. 
From an outside perspective, Sadie finally realized how badly they had misjudged Skylar. Skylar had always been sincere and kind to them, yet they constantly made things difficult for her, even making her a 
scapegoat. 
Samuel was incredulous. “Mom, why are you sticking up for Skylar? We all know what kind of person she 
is, don’t we?” 
“Do we really? Do we truly understand her? We know what Joe’s like. If he’s interested in Skylar, it means she has qualities we’re unaware of,” Sadie countered firmly. 
“Qualities? I think Joe is just interested in her skills in bed.” Samuel sneered. 
He held the belief that Joe was like any other fickle–minded man, solely interested in a woman’s body, and predicted he would soon abandon Skylar. 
Sadie raised her hand to slap Samuel, but Jeffrey quickly intervened. “Enough! You’ve changed completely since your accident. You’re not thinking straight!” 
“Mom, whether Skylar is a good person or not doesn’t matter. What matters is if she can help us. Dad said the company is on the verge of bankruptcy. We can’t let that happen, Mom,” Maisy said gently. 
On the surface, Maisy appeared respectful toward Sadie. However, inwardly, she was furious. She was 
convinced that Sadie had lost her mind. Why was she defending Skylar? 
There was no doubt in her mind that Sadie was not her biological mother. She felt that all her efforts to please Sadie over the years had been wasted. 
Sadie could now see through Maisy’s charade. She hadn’t been able to see it before, but now she deeply 
regretted it. She wondered why she had always favored Maisy and neglected Skylar, who deserved her 
love and care the most. 
“She’s completely disappointed in us and has distanced herself. Finding her won’t help,” Sadie said coldly. 
Over the past few days, Sadie had become increasingly clear–headed. Since her accident, Kenny and the 
others had relentlessly pressured Skylar. 
Skylar’s choice to escalate the situation rather than return home made it clear that she didn’t care if the 
Williams family went bankrupt. 
“Even if it’s a long shot, we have to try. It’s our last hope. You’d better come to terms with this and cooperate with us to record a video to convince Skylar to come back,” Jeffrey said. 
His gaze toward Sadie held a clear disapproval of her behavior that day. 
“Dad’s right. We can’t afford distractions right now. Our priority is surviving this crisis. Mom, if the company goes bankrupt, we’ll lose everything. 
“We could be homeless, forced to rent a tiny apartment. We have to take this opportunity,” Peter finally chimed in after a long silence. 
“We also need to find a way to meet with Joe,” Kenny added. 
Samuel’s expression darkened. “Have we really come to this?” 
The weight of their situation hit him hard. No acting jobs, no work, no income. Their family was on the verge of collapse. 
Sadie took a deep breath. “Alright,” she conceded. 
At this point, they had no other choice. Besides, she, too, yearned to see Skylar. 
###chapter418
Skylar remained oblivious to the Williams family’s schemes. 
The next day, as she clocked in for work, Steven called to inform her that Kenny had resigned. The company executives had been considering firing him anyway. 
Charles also mentioned that Samuel’s career in the entertainment industry was over. No one would hire an actor with such a damaged reputation. 
The Williams family’s situation was dire, and desperate people could sometimes lash out. 
“So, if you encounter anyone from the Williams family, keep your distance,” Steven cautioned anxiously. 
News of the Williams family’s troubles had spread throughout the company, and the situation was no longer a secret in Jipsburg City. 
Despite his busy filming schedule, Charles managed to warn Skylar via WhatsApp. He advised her to be 
cautious around the Williams family and to call them immediately if she faced any trouble. He wouldn’t 
tolerate her being bullied. 
Next, she received a phone call from Natalie. 
“There might be some serious issues between Jeremy and me,” Natalie confided. “He’s hiding it too well. 
I can’t figure out why he’s deceiving me. He still acts caring and loving, but last night, he stayed in his 
study all evening, claiming a video conference that would last for hours. I think he’s hiding something.” 
Skylar listened attentively to Natalie’s analysis. “Have you considered talking to him about it?” 
“Talk? He won’t be honest. Even if I catch him in a lie, he’d have a believable explanation. He wouldn’t tell 
me the truth if he was determined to deceive me. 
“Yesterday, he even offered to support me financially if I quit my job to open a shop, but I declined. I feel like I need this job to clear my head. Maybe with time, things will become clearer,” Natalie said rationally. 
After ending the call with Natalie, Skylar headed to the restroom, rubbing her lower back. She had barely managed to get out of bed that morning. Joe had kept her up most of the night. 
A sharp pang shot through her as she noticed her slightly swollen lips in the mirror. 
Yesterday, Joe’s kiss had been unusually passionate. After they became entangled in bed, he’d kissed her deeply for a long time. 
For a fleeting moment, Skylar even thought he might have developed feelings for her, given the intensity 
of the kiss. 
Just then, a colleague entered and greeted her. Skylar immediately pushed aside her inappropriate 
thoughts and returned to work. 
Later that afternoon, after work, Skylar received a surprising message from a high school classmate with 
whom she had lost touch. This classmate had helped Skylar in the past. They occasionally interacted by liking each other’s posts on Instagram. 
She simply replied with a “yeah” to see what her classmate wanted. 
Almost immediately, her classmate sent a video along with a voice message. Skylar listened to the voice message first. 
“Skylar, sorry to bother you. Another classmate reached out to me. She asked me to show you this video. 
recently found out about what’s been happening in your family. 
“I know things are more complicated than they seem. After watching this video, I felt uneasy and decided to share it with you. I’m really sorry for any inconvenience caused. I hope it doesn’t trouble you too much.” 
Skylar then proceeded to watch the video.
###chapter419
Sadie appeared in the video. It had been a while since their last meeting, and Sadie looked worn and frail, a stark contrast to her former elegance. 
The air of superiority had vanished from her eyes, replaced by remorse and helplessness. 
“Skye, it’s me, Mom. I’m bedridden now. I couldn’t go anywhere after the accident. I’ve been thinking a lot 
lately. 
“When you first came back home, I treated you terribly. I even allowed others in the family to criticize your 
every flaw. We found fault with everything you did. 
“This made you feel like you could never find happiness in this family. Those scenes replay in my mind every day, a constant reminder of how I’ve ended up in this state. I know it might be difficult for you to 
visit, and you probably don’t want anything to do with us anymore. 
“But I had a dream. In that dream, you pushed me away during the accident, saving me. But you ended up 
paralyzed from a severe injury. Instead of feeling sorry for you, I mistreated and neglected you because of 
your paralysis. 
“Watching my dream self and reflecting on my real–life actions, I was filled with regret. This is my divine punishment, and I don’t expect your forgiveness. I hope you can come back and visit me one last time. 
“Please, just come and visit me.” Sadie’s words in the video were sincere. Her tone was filled with sorrow, 
and her repentant demeanor was more genuine than ever. 
Skylar hadn’t expected Sadie to dream about experiences from before her rebirth after the car accident. 
She wondered what else Sadie might have dreamed about. 
She pondered if Sadie had undergone a rebirth of her own after surviving the car accident. 
She was so absorbed in watching the video that she didn’t hear Caleb saying goodbye to her. Caleb 
noticed and asked, “Skylar, it’s time to go!” 
Skylar snapped back to reality. She smiled and said, “Let’s go.” 
“Skylar, what were you so deep in thought about just now? Is something wrong? If anything is bothering you, please tell me,” Caleb asked. 
Skylar glanced down at Caleb’s feet. “Is your foot completely healed?” 
“Yeah, all good now. It’s not a big deal. I just can’t jump around, but walking is fine,” Caleb replied. He was 
unable to suppress a smile at Skylar’s concern for him. 
“After work, do you have any plans?” Skylar inquired. 
“Not really. I’m just heading home to read and study.” Caleb scratched his head. When it came to reading, he struggled to focus. However, he managed to read a few pages a day. 
Every day, he followed Skylar around, watching her handle things with great professionalism. It made him feel inadequate, pushing him to study and improve himself. 
Skylar smiled. “If you’re free, could you accompany me somewhere? I’ll treat you to dinner.” 
Without hesitation, Caleb agreed. “Sure!” 
When they arrived at Williams Residences about half an hour later, Caleb’s face showed a conflicted 
expression. 
“Skylar, why are you here? They haven’t treated you well, right? And they even tried to force you to resign,” Caleb remarked. He didn’t have a good impression of the Williams family at all. 
Every aspect of their behavior seemed rotten. 
Skylar glanced toward Williams Residence. She stood there and felt a surge of disgust. 
But since they had gone through so much trouble to show her the video and Sadie had spoken so sincerely, she felt compelled to visit. 
Skylar wanted to see what tricks they were up to. 
“They arranged to meet me through someone else. Let’s go in together and see what they’re up to. With you by my side, they won’t dare to do anything reckless,” Skylar replied to Caleb as she walked toward the entrance of Williams Residence. 
###chapter420
“Don’t worry,” Caleb said confidently. “If they try to cause any trouble, I can call dozens of people here in a 
minute.” 
With a group message, he could easily summon a show of force. He would love to see if the Williams family dared to act recklessly after that. 
Skylar’s appearance stunned the Williams family maids. They rushed to inform the family. 
Entering the villa, Skylar saw nearly the entire Williams family walking down the stairs. A laugh bubbled up in her throat. She was amused, not expecting that all of them were waiting for her in a single file. 
Their expressions were strange, a mix of uncertainty and awkwardness. They didn’t quite know how to face Skylar anymore. 
Skylar was no longer susceptible to coercion nor cared about their opinions like she used to. Joe’s unwavering support had bolstered her confidence, rendering their opinions irrelevant. 
“You’re back?” Jeffrey spoke, his voice strained. 
He couldn’t help but lament that his least favorite daughter had become Joe’s favorite. If only it had been Maisy, things would be so much easier. 
Kenny and Maisy had complex expressions, especially Maisy, who clenched her fits in silent fury. She truly wished Skylar dead. 
Peter appeared much more mild–mannered than before, but his insincerity was evident. 
Samuel, ever the odd one out, seemed impatient and dismissive, as if Skylar’s visit was an inconvenience. 
Caleb followed Skylar into the house, smirking as he observed the family’s forced welcome. Each person wore a mask of superiority that couldn’t hide their underlying insincerity. He marveled at Skylar’s genuine demeanor in stark contrast to their phoniness. 
Still clinging to their misplaced pride, the Williams family presented a comical picture to Caleb. 
Initially unnoticed, Caleb’s tall stature and youthful confidence inevitably drew attention. His genuineness was a breath of fresh air compared to the calculating gazes of the Williams family, who, despite their attempts, couldn’t hide their true intentions. 
“Who is he? Why did you bring a stranger home?” Samuel snapped, his irritation evident. 
Caleb clenched his fits. He had an urge to punch Samuel. 
Skylar’s voice turned cold. “He’s my colleague. Didn’t you ask me to visit Mrs. Williams? Are you going to let me see her or not?” 
“Skylar, Mom’s sleeping right now. Why don’t we sit down and chat for a bit? It’s been a while since you’ve been back. We really miss you,” Maisy said sweetly. 
Maisy couldn’t help but steal glances at Caleb. He seemed a few years younger than her and Skylar. He 
seemed like a refreshing change from the older men she usually dated. A pang of envy shot through her. Skylar always seemed to attract the best men, leaving her with the likes of Christopher. 
She regretted getting entangled with Christopher. 
“Yeah, let’s sit down and have a family chat. You’ve been out of touch since you moved out, and your mother and I have been worried about you,” Jeffrey said with a fatherly attitude. 
Jeffrey’s complete turnaround was interesting. Their behavior hinted at something more than just wanting Skylar to quit her job for Sadie. There was more to it. 
Meanwhile, Caleb was speechless, dumbfounded by the Williams family’s audacity. 
###chapter421
The once hostile relationship between Skylar and her family seemed to have vanished. In its place, an uneasy truce emerged. The Williamses were truly shameless. 
“I don’t have time for small talk. Since this visit is untimely, I’ll take my leave,” Skylar stated coldly. She had no patience for their idle chat. 
Seeing her ready to leave, Samuel hurriedly blocked her path. Skylar’s expression hardened. “Move aside.” 
Samuel looked at Skylar’s cold indifference. He felt a sudden heaviness in his heart. It seemed she truly didn’t care about him anymore. 
“Mom’s been waiting for you. She just fell asleep from exhaustion. Are you so indifferent that you can’t spare 10 or 20 minutes?” 
Skylar used to wait for hours, but those days were over. 
“I’ll go get Mom,” Peter said coldly. He glared at Skylar. It seemed Sadie was right. Skylar clearly wanted nothing to do with them. Now that Joe was backing her, they were no longer important. 
Jeffrey frowned, attempting to mask his irritation. “Skylar, I am your father. You have to acknowledge 
that. As your father, I’m asking you to stay and talk. Is that too much to ask?” 
Caleb scoffed. “Cut the act. Do you think we’re fools? We see what you’re all up to.” 
They must have discovered something and now want to use Skylar. Perhaps desensitized by their past 
behavior, they continued to act smug, especially Samuel. He was clearly out of his mind. 
“You’re just a colleague. This is our family matter. It’s best that you stay out of it,” Kenny snapped, directing his ire at Caleb. 
Kenny found Caleb incredulous. He was merely Skylar’s colleague, yet he dared to mock them. He was a subordinate who had forgotten his place. 
Samuel added, displeasure evident, “Skylar, tell your colleague to leave. Family gatherings are no place 
for outsiders. It’s not a comedy show for their amusement.” 
2. 2. 
Skylar’s voice was devoid of emotion. “We were never a family. But if you could ntertain him with your 
theatrics, then consider it a good deed done.” 
Caleb chuckled, further darkening Samuel’s mood. The latter remarked, “Skylar, don’t push it. Further 
tension won’t help anyone.” 
“Enough! Samuel, shut up!” Jeffrey immediately scolded. He could see that Skylar no longer felt any familial connection to them. 
It was like she had become a different person. Inexplicably, a pang of sadness flickered within him. 
Maisy and Kenny exchanged a worried glance. Though unhappy, they knew better than to argue. Skylar, catching their exchange, decided to address the elephant in the room. 
“My friend saw Kenny and Maisy kissing in a car. Congratulations! You Williamses can prepare for a 
wedding soon.” 
Chaos erupted. Maisy and Kenny were speechless. Jeffrey’s eyes widened as he turned his sharp gaze on 
them. 
“How…. How did you know?” Samuel asked in shock. 
Kenny and Maisy initially planned to deny it. But after seeing Samuel’s reaction, they swallowed their 
words. 
“So, you knew too?” Jeffrey’s face turned ashen as he glared at Samuel. 
Samuel realized his blunder. “I… I only found out a couple of days ago.” 
The revelation left Kenny gasping and Maisy biting her lip. 
“Quite the spectacle, isn’t it?” Caleb smirked, folding his arms. “The rumors are true, the Williams family is a real circus.” 
If he hadn’t come along, the Williams family would surely have ganged up on Skylar, given their shamelessness. 
Just then, Peter appeared at the top of the stairs, witnessing the commotion. His gaze darkened as he glared at Kenny and Maisy. Finally, he turned to Skylar. “Mom’s awake. Come see her.” 
Ray 
“My friend saw Kenny and Maisy kissing in a car. Congratulations! You Williamses can prepare for a wedding soon.” 
S 
Chaos erupted. Maisy and Kenny were speechless. Jeffrey’s eyes widened as he turned his sharp gaze on 
them. 
“How… How did you know?” Samuel asked in shock. 
Kenny and Maisy initially planned to deny it. But after seeing Samuel’s reaction, they swallowed their 
words. 
“So, you knew too?” Jeffrey’s face turned ashen as he glared at Samuel. 
Samuel realized his blunder. “I… I only found out a couple of days ago.” 
The revelation left Kenny gasping and Maisy biting her lip. 
“Quite the spectacle, isn’t it?” Caleb smirked, folding his arms. “The rumors are true, the Williams family is 
a real circus.” 
If he hadn’t come along, the Williams family would surely have ganged up on Skylar, given their 
shamelessness. 
Just then, Peter appeared at the top of the stairs, witnessing the commotion. His gaze darkened as he glared at Kenny and Maisy. Finally, he turned to Skylar. “Mom’s awake. Come see her.” 
###chapter422
The Williams family was already in chaos, but Kenny and Maisy’s secret relationship added another layer of tension. 
Sensing the family on the verge of collapse, Peter felt a knot of unease tighten in his gut. 
Peter felt uneasy. He sensed that their family was on the brink of collapse. 
Skylar made her way to Sadie’s room. Sadie now slept alone. 
A flicker of surprise crossed Skylar’s face at the sight of Sadie. 
The constant harping about loyalty and dedication from the Williamses seemed to evaporate when it came to Sadie. The room was spotless, yet Sadie’s complexion was pale and lifeless, a far cry from someone meticulously cared for. 
In comparison to Skylar’s past life, paralyzed and neglected, where her room was a testament to her suffering, Sadie’s situation seemed almost luxurious. 
Tears welled up in Sadie’s eyes at the sight of Skylar. But Skylar’s cold stare felt like a chokehold, stealing the air from Sadie’s lungs. 
“Skye “Sadie struggled to speak. 
Skylar’s demeanor remained icy. “You requested my presence, Mrs. Williams. What is it you want?” 
Sadie felt even more distressed. It hadn’t been like this before. “Skye, I was wrong before. Can you forgive me? I now realize how wrong I was.” 
Skylar raised an eyebrow, a hint of impatience flickering in her eyes. “Forget forgiveness. What do you. want?” 
She couldn’t help but wonder if the Williamses thought feigning remorse would win her back. 
Sadie burst into tears. “Skye… do you truly hate me? Because if I treated you the way I did in that dream, I would hate myself too. 
The mention of the dream caused Skylar’s long lashes to flutter ever so slightly. 
Memories of her bedridden past life, flooded back. Sadie’s life would have followed the right path without her interference in this lifetime. 
The car accident had left her with hazy, fragmented dreams of her previous existence. 
Would Sadie have repented if not for the accident? Skylar pondered for a moment before dismissing the thought. She concluded that it was impossible. 
Jeffrey and the others stood by the door. They felt uneasy at Skylar’s coldness. 
“Since you know I would resent you so deeply, why bother asking? It seems you have nothing else to discuss. I have already visited you. Please refrain from sending anyone else to find me in the future, 
Skylar stated coldly. 
22 
It was almost certain that Sadie only experienced flashes of her previous life due to the car accident. She was not a reincarnation like Skylar. 
“Wait! Skye, could you… could you come back home? Can you give me a chance to make it up to you? After all, I did carry for ten months. I know I’ve done wrong before, but can you give me a chance to repent?” Sadie pleaded anxiously. 
Skylar snorted. “Don’t you fear that Maisy might misunderstand your attempts to win me over? Given all that has transpired, Mrs. Williams, spare yourself the effort.” 
“She… She hasn’t treated me well. After all, she’s not my biological daughter.” Sadie’s past fondness for Maisy now seemed so foolish. She used to think biological ties were unimportant as long as Maisy pleased her. 
She felt foolish now that she had seen the error of her ways. 
Maisy, eavesdropping on their conversation, felt a surge of anger, She bit her lip hard to hold back the retort that burned on her tongue. 
Skylar paused momentarily and said, “It has nothing to do with me.” Then, she walked toward the door.. 
Jeffrey and the others formed a human barricade, blocking her exit. 
“Step aside,” Skylar demanded. 
###chapter423
“Skye, please forgive me. I really need you!” Sadie pleaded tearfully. 
Skylar remained unmoved. She wasn’t a pushover. She eyed the group coldly. “Caleb, call the police.” 
Caleb nodded. “Sure thing!” 
“Hold on, Skylar,” Jeffrey interjected. “There’s no need for hostility. We share the Williams blood, after all. 
We’re a family, for better or worse. 
“We were hoping you could help the family out. Once things are back on track, there’ll always be a place for you at home. We know about you and Joe, by the way. 
“That million–dollar monthly allowance must be from him, right? See if he can lend the Williams Group a hand. It’d be a breeze for someone like Joe.” 
Caleb was stunned by what he heard. The couple seemed unbelievable. How could this be? Moreover, wasn’t Skylar married? 
A sardonic smile played on Skylar’s lips. “Why should I help you?” 
It seemed they’d discovered her connection to Joe, confirming her suspicions. Their audacity in demanding her help was astounding. 
“We’re family. Helping us is helping yourself, isn’t it?” Peter tried to persuade Skylar. “As long as you help us through this rough patch, you can come and go as you please in this house. 
“Even if Joe throws you away someday, this family will always have a place for you. I can even find you a better husband.” 
“Skylar, please,” Maisy pleaded, her voice thick with emotion. “Our family is in dire straits. Please, for Mom’s sake. The accident took a toll on her, and she can’t handle another blow.” 
Kenny couldn’t stomach the sight of Maisy begging. “Peter’s right,” he said sternly. “We are family. You have no choice but to help us weather this storm.” 
“Could you stop being so melodramatic? Living off a man’s money every month, how long can that possibly last?” Samuel rolled his eyes in disbelief. He questioned whether Skylar possessed any real abilities beyond pleasing a man. 
If Jeffrey and Sadie weren’t present, he definitely would’ve voiced those thoughts. After all, Skylar wasn’t one to shy away from embarrassment, so why should he? 
Caleb couldn’t contain his frustration any longer. “Are you all out of your minds? When did Skylar ever need a man to support her? With her talent, a million a month is chump change! You’re all clueless, making yourselves look like fools!” 
He couldn’t believe their ignorance. They kept claiming Skylar was family, yet they utterly misunderstood 
her. 
“You think you know everything? Are you that boy toy of Skylar’s?” Samuel smirked. 
Caleb glanced at Skylar. “Can I punch him right now?” 
“If you want to punch him, go ahead,” Skylar replied calmly. She knew Caleb had trained in mixed martial 
arts, and from their casual conversations, she knew he could handle multiple opponents without a 
problem. 
Caleb didn’t hesitate. He rolled up his sleeves and delivered a slap across Samuel’s face. 
There was a loud smack. 
Samuel was left bewildered. 
“In all my years, this is the first time someone’s called me a boy toy. You Williamses mean nothing to me. Do you think Joe would lift a finger for you? Dream on!” Caleb fumed. Then, he landed another kick. 
Seeing Caleb’s audacious disregard for consequences, Jeffrey and the rest of the family were taken 
aback. 
They realized Caleb wasn’t just an ordinary worker. 
His confidence and disregard suggested he held a unique status within Jipsburg City. 
A surge of satisfaction washed over Skylar. She’d wanted to do that to Samuel for a while now. 
###chapter424
Maisy studied Caleb intently. His audacity and eloquent speech suggested a single possibility–he wasn’t afraid of the Williams family. 
Maisy couldn’t help but wonder if Caleb belonged to a social class far above theirs. Envy twisted in her gut. Was Skylar truly that lucky? 
Everyone Skylar knew seemed increasingly accomplished. She’d even married Joe, and the fact that Joe had once slept with Skylar fueled envy in others. 
“I’ll kill you!” Samuel roared, lunging toward Caleb. 
However, Caleb ignored him completely, treating Samuel like an insignificant nuisance. Just as Caleb was about to deliver another kick, Peter intervened, restraining Samuel. 
Skylar remained silent, her gaze icy as she fixed Samuel with a chilling stare. “Are you trying to get yourself killed?” 
The scene left Sadie with a throbbing headache. 
Their family was teetering on the edge. Jeffrey and his sons were acting Irrationally, manipulating Skylar. They believed that Skylar would forgive them no matter what they did. Their selfishness knew no bounds. 
They thought Skylar would bend to their will, even knowing their true intentions. 
No one knew where they got the confidence from. 
Just a few months ago, she wouldn’t have questioned their demands. They’d frequently forced her to donate blood, and she’d always complied. 
Skylar’s resentment wasn’t sudden, it had festered over time, fueled by repeated disappointments. 
“Skylar, ask your colleague to leave. We need a serious discussion,” Jeffrey said gravely. “There are things. we need to talk about openly and honestly, for everyone’s benefit.” 
Perhaps today, Jeffrey would finally understand. They needed to treat Skylar respectfully in a 
conversation, not just issue commands. 
But the old dynamic no longer held sway. Skylar didn’t seem to hold them in much affection, shattering their subconscious belief that she cared deeply. 
This realization weighed heavily on Jeffrey, causing deep discomfort. 
Peter, ever perceptive, grasped the situation. He spoke gently, “Dad’s right. We need a chance to talk properly. Mom was genuinely happy to see you today. She just wanted to see you. Last time, we had at fallout over caring for Mom, which was our mistake. 
“We were wrong?” Samuel sputtered, disbelief etched on his face as he witnessed Jeffrey and Peter’s humble stance. In his mind, Skylar was the one in the wrong. 
“Shut up, Samuel. Stay quiet for once,” Peter said with a frown, clearly viewing him as a hindrance. 
Maisy bit her lip. The family’s dynamic had indeed shifted. They were now trying to appease Skylar. She’d known it all along. 
“So, now you admit you were wrong, but you’re still trying to stop me from leaving? Are you playing a game? ‘Say one thing, mean another? Well played,” Skylar said with a sardonic smile, exposing their hypocrisy. Even their attempts at reconciliation felt insincere. 
“It’s not a game, Skylar,” Jeffrey countered, furrowing his brow. “Can’t we just have a proper conversation? I’m your father, wouldn’t I want what’s best for you?” He wanted to explode but forced himself to remain 
calm. He had no other choice. 
###chapter425
Skylar asked with a smile. “Are you absolutely sure you didn’t hurt me in any way?” 
Just then, Caleb’s phone rang unexpectedly. Initially, he was reluctant to answer, but he saw it was John, 
he picked it up. “Uncle John, what’s up?” 
“When are you coming home?” John inquired. 
“I’m with Skylar sorting some things out today. We’re planning to have dinner together afterward. I’ll head 
home after that. I’m not a kid anymore. Don’t you worry.” 
Caleb rolled his eyes internally. He was annoyed by his parents and John, who treated him like a child. 
Suddenly, he recalled something and added, “By the way, Uncle John, do you know about the Williams. family? Someone from there just threatened me earlier. He said he wanted to kill me. 
“Although I’m not the only heir of the Gardners, I’m still a part of the Gardner family, right? My parents aren’t in Jipsburg, so could you help me handle this?” 
Caleb was never one to shy away from trouble. 
“The Williams family? Skylar’s biological parents‘ family? Are they causing trouble for you and Skylar?” John’s voice turned icy. 
Caleb lightly acknowledged. “Yeah, that’s right.” 
“Wait a moment. Take care of Skylar,” John said abruptly before hanging up. 
The mention of the Gardner family and Caleb’s assertive tone struck fear into the members of the 
Williams family. 
The Gardners… 
They wondered if it could be the Gardners they had imagined. 
“I heard Mr. Gardner Senior has a grandson named Caleb. Could it be…” Maisy’s eyes widened incredulously as she spoke. 
“Yeah, that’s me,” Caleb confirmed outright. 
Skylar hadn’t expected John to call at this moment. That phone call shook Jeffrey and the others to the core. They always bullied the weak and feared the strong 
*Just now was a misunderstanding… Peter attempted to salvage the situation. 
He never imagined that Skylar’s/colleague was Alexander’s grandson. 
If he had known earlier, Samuel wouldn’t dare say such crazy things. Samuel was completely stunned. How could you be Mr. Gardner Senior’s grandson?” 
Samuel wondered how Alexa grandson could be friends with Skylar. Skylar had grown up in the 
countryside. She was crude and ignorant. 
It was hard for him to believe that Caleb would be friends with Skylar. He couldn’t understand it. 
“If I’m not his grandson, are you? With your behavior, my grandpa wouldn’t even like you.” Caleb smirked and sneered unapologetically. 
Then he looked at Skylar. “You don’t even share the same surname. How can they be so shameless as t claim they’re your family? If your family behaves like this, you should leave as soon as possible.” 
Skylar smiled and nodded seriously. “You’re right. I’m lucky to have left early.” 
“Let’s go,” Skylar said, feeling there was no need to wait any longer. 
Caleb glanced at Samuel and said, “I’ll wait for you to kill me.” 
“Wait!” Kenny hurriedly called out. 
Skylar looked at Kenny. 
www 
Kenny anxiously said, “Could you please explain to him? It was a misunderstanding earlier. If we had known he was Mr. Gardner Senior’s grandson, Samuel wouldn’t have acted, and we wouldn’t have said 
those things. 
“Please tell him not to hold a grudge against us for this. Also, can you find Joe and ask him to help us?” 
“Why should I?‘ Skylar retorted. 
Caleb clicked his tongue. “You’re all idiots, but I’m not! That is not a misunderstanding. Don’t block the way. Move aside.” 
With that, Caleb pushed Kenny aside. No one dared to stand in his way anymore. 
Suddenly, Jeffrey’s voice boomed. “Because I’m your dad! He’s your brother!” 
He was utterly displeased. He turned to Sadie and said, “Cat got your tongue?” 
Sadie met Jeffrey’s fierce gaze with a wry smile. “Back then, you didn’t want Skylar to change her last 
name, fearing she’d get a share of our estate. Now you’re claiming that you’re her dad, and I’m her mom. How could she possibly believe that?”
###chapter426
Jeffrey averted his gaze. “I wasn’t thinking clearly. But I’ve come to my senses. We can adopt you any time. We could even sign the adoption papers first thing in the morning.” 
“There’s no need for that,” said Skylar coldly. 
The inheritance rights to the Williams fortune didn’t matter to her. Maisy, however, scowled. If Skylar became a beneficiary, Maisy would have to be cut out. 
Was Jeffrey disregarding her feelings just to get into Skylar’s good books? 
Jeffrey frowned. “In that case, what do you want?” 
He’d already proposed to bestow her with the inheritance rights. Was that not enough to satisfy her? 
“Tell me your demands. We’ll do anything in our power to fulfill them in repentance for our mistakes,” Jeffrey said calmly, trying his best to suppress the dissatisfaction brewing within him. 
Caleb glanced at Skylar. The online exposés paled in comparison to the Williamses‘ shameless behavior in person. 
*My demands? What can the current Williams family give me now?” 
Expecting the Williamses to realize the errors of their ways would be a dream. 
Just then, Skylar’s phone rang. It was Joe. 
“Did they give you a hard time?” he asked simply. 
The question itself was ordinary, yet Skylar’s heart skipped a beat. 
“They wouldn’t dare to do anything with Caleb present. Dont worry. I can handle them,” said Skylar softly. 
After a few seconds of silence, Joe said, “Tell me if they bully you. I’ll make their lives a living hell.* 
Skylar pictured Joe, his handsome face betraying no emotion, his words carrying the weight of a coming storm. Yet, they empowered her. 
Skylar hummed in response. 
Jeffrey blurted out, “T–That’s a call from Mr. Martin, right? Could I speak with him for a moment?” 
Before Skylar could refuse, he snatched her phone in a swift movement that surprised even Caleb. 
Skylar’s expression hardened. 
Jeffrey plastered a grin on his face. “Hello? Mr. Martin? I’m Skylar’s father. We’ve heard about you two. Why don’t we meet up and chat? Hello? Hi?” 
Before he could finish, Joe had hung up on him. All Jeffrey could hear was a dial tone. His hopeful expression crumbled into dismay. 
Caleb was dumbfounded. Suddenly, a thought popped into his mind. Skylar and Joe. Was Joe Skylar’s 
husband? 
He felt as though he’d been struck on the head. 
He seldom feared anyone, nor did he look up to many people. However, Joe was the exception. Since they were children, he’d always been scared of Joe. 
How could the woman he loved be Joe’s wife? 
This realization made Caleb frown. 
Skyler snatched her phone back from Jeffrey and mocked, “You’re Williams. After all, you’ve taken my phone without my permission.” 
the very picture of etiquette, Mr. 
Jeffrey’s face flushed before paling once again. He said, “What children speak to their parents that way? I 
can take anything of yours, and that includes your phone!” 
Jeffrey regretted it as soon as he uttered the words. 
Peter couldn’t even stop him in time. 
###chapter427
“How shameless,” chuckled Caleb. 
Samuel didn’t think much of Caleb. However, he was terrified by the Gardner family. Thus, he said meekly, “My dad hasn’t said anything wrong. I would’ve readily handed my phone over if it were me.” 
Sadie’s face paled. 
They were done for. 
Without her realizing it, everyone in their family had lost their minds. How could they act as though they were in the right? Yet, she used to think nothing of it and even justified their actions. 
Jeffrey ordered, Joe must’ve been the caller. Skylar, take me to him!” 
He had been so close. If Joe had let him finish and agreed to his proposal, there would have been hoper 
for his company. 
It had been a treacherous climb to where he was today. He couldn’t lose it! Not at all! 
Skyler scoffed before saying, “Go to sleep, Mr. Williams. Anything is possible in your dreams.” 
She then walked downstairs. 
Caleb trailed after Skylar to protect her. 
Upon seeing Jeffrey go after them, Caleb pointed at them and threatened, “Take another step forward. and I’ll make sure you regret it. If you bully Skylar, you bully me. The Gardner family will not have mercy on 
my aggressors.” 
His threat succeeded in intimidating them. No one continued following them. 
Jeffrey and his men only dared to chase them once they’d left the villa. 
At the same time, they saw multiple cars parked in front of their villa. 
Many men in black suits got out. All of them were tall and muscular, clearly combat–skilled bodyguards. 
Upon seeing Caleb, they addressed him with reverence. They also treated Skylar respectfully. 
Upon seeing that, they sucked in a startled breath. Now, it looked like Caleb hadn’t been bragging at all. He was indeed part of the Gardner family. 
Why was Skylar so close to the Gardners? 
How many things had Skylar been hiding from them? 
After a few minutes, the men left the villa. Only then did Jeffrey remark darkly, ‘It looks like our understanding of Skylar is too superficial. We have to meet Joe at all costs and ask him–to save our 
company!” 
Jeffrey narrowed his eyes. Fury burned within him when he thought of Skylar’s coldness toward him. It 
was as though she no longer thought of him as her father. 
Samuel’s face hadn’t regained its color. He asked, “The Gardner family wouldn’t have sent someone over to teach me a lesson, would they?” 
Only now did fear wash over him. 
He had thought that Caleb was only bragging and clung to the hope that Skylar had merely picked someone off the street to put on a show. Who knew that he would turn out to be the real deal? 
Peter couldn’t suppress his bubbling anger and scolded, ‘Can’t you think before acting? Now I know why you couldn’t stay in the entertainment industry. Everyone is smearing salt in our wounds and writing exposés about us because you never use that brain of yours when making decisions!” 
Kenny felt his heart being crushed. He said, “Skylar is set on ruining our family.” 
“Dad, Peter, we need to be prepared. I think Skylar is determined to cause the demise of our family. In addition… she might have said something inappropriate to Joe. If not, Joe wouldn’t have hung up on Dad,” Maisy said with balled fists. She couldn’t help but pin the blame on Skylar. 
Kenny paused for a moment. He looked down at Maisy and said, “You.” 
“I don’t want to think the worst of Skylar. However… You saw what happened,” Maisy explained with red- rimmed eyes. 
Peter told Jeffrey solemnly, “We must prepare ourselves extensively this time. Perhaps we shouldn’t have asked Joe for help. Rather, we should seek out Mrs. Martin Senior. She’s the most important person to Joe. It’ll be easier like that.” 
Jeffrey narrowed his eyes and complimented, “That’s smart of you! Get some gifts ready. We’ll visit Mrs. Martin tomorrow!” 
###chapter428
Caleb had found the answer to his question in the car. Nonetheless, he still asked, “So Joe is your husband?” 
Skylar admitted, “Yeah, he is.” 
Caleb sunk into despair. It was over. He stood no chance with her anymore. He would remain nothing more than a brother to her. He felt horrible. 
Yet, he had to ensure Skylar didn’t pick up on his foul mood. He faked a smile and changed the topic, These Williamses have no shame whatsoever. There’s no way they’ll give up just like this. They’re definitely still finding ways to speak to Joe!” 
Skylar glanced at the time. “Indeed, they won’t give up easily. I’ve prepared myself for them. Thank you for your help today. It’s dinner time now. What do you want to eat?” 
Just as Caleb was about to suggest they go for a barbecue, he recalled John’s message asking him to go home. Joe wanted to have dinner with his wife, and John warned Caleb not to disturb them. 
Every word of the message felt like needles stabbing into his heart. 
Was it a waste of her time to dine with him? 
Wasn’t Joe being too possessive over her? 
Although he complained internally, Caleb dared not voice his frustrations. Instead, he shook his head and said, “Just now, Uncle John said he had something he needed to discuss with me. Can we take a rain check?” 
She had completely shattered his heart. It was in pieces! 
In the past, he could fantasize about being together with her. Now, there was no point in continuing his fantasies. It was impossible! 
It was the first time he’d fallen for someone and the first time he’d wanted to discipline himself to make himself a better person for her. In the end, his dreams had been crushed. 
Who could understand him? 
After parting ways with Caleb, Skylar returned to Galaxy Villa. 
Joe had texted her that he’d gotten the cooks from the hotel to send dinner home. 
The second she stepped in, she, smelled the mouth–watering aroma of food wafting through the house. 
Joe said, “You’re back?” 
His question made Skylar feel like she belonged there. It was as though the villa was their home. 
Her heart skipped a beat, Yet, her expression remained unchanged as she walked over. 
“Yeah, what dishes are there? It smells great.” 
Joe wasn’t sure either. He said, “I called the hotel and asked them to make a few of their specialties. I 
haven’t taken a look at what they are. Take a seat, and we can see for ourselves.” 
“Alright. I’ll wash my hands first.” 
Skylar sat down with Joe a few minutes later and opened the takeout containers. 
A heavenly aroma hung in the air. 
The dishes were indeed the makings of a five–star hotel cook. Even if it was only takeout, it looked and 
smelled delicious. 
Skylar was starving. 
“It smells so good! The food from his hotel is delicious, exclaimed Skylar. Her eyes gleamed from the satisfaction of having tasted excellent food. 
Joe had never found joy in food. However, he always felt like everything tasted better in Skylar’s presence. It drove him to eat a few more spoons 
Joe said in an 
n even tone, “If you like it, we can go to the hotel to enjoy it in the future. Were the Williamses trying to force you into something back at theirs?” 
They seemed to be talking about the mundanities of life. 
Skylar felt as though they were an old married couple. 
It was a good feeling. 
Other than the lack of passion between them, she was satisfied with their relationship. 
###chapter429
Upon mentioning the Williams family, Skylar’s expression hardened. “They’re trying to use me to get you! to help their company pull through.” 
The shamelessness of the Williamses surprised her at every turn. 
Joe chuckled icily before saying, “How foolhardy. With their abilities, if not for their underground trade activities, they wouldn’t have managed to develop their company to its current scale. It’s unsurprising that they’ve closed down now.” 
“They might trouble you. Sorry about that,” said Skylar with a frown. When she thought of how the Williams family clung to them like barnacles on a ship, hatred churned in her stomach. 
Joe was unbothered. He responded, “There have been countless people who have tried to cause me trouble since I was a kid. The Williams family is nothing to me. I would hardly call them trouble.” 
Skylar knew Joe was telling the truth. She replied, “Thank you.” 
“We’re married. You don’t have to thank me for this,” said Joe as he stared at Skylar warmly. 
The annoyance bubbling within him reached a boiling point at her excessive politeness. She was overly 
distant from him. 
When Skylar saw Joe’s sudden frown, she couldn’t tell whether he was annoyed. 
If she couldn’t tell, she’d rather not dwell on it. 
She’d rather enjoy the delicacies in front of her. 
They ate in silence. 
After dinner, Skylar suddenly recalled something she’d pushed to the back of her mind within the chaos of 
the past few days. 
As Joe washed the dishes, she called Janine. 
“Mom, is Steven bringing his girlfriend home this week?” 
He’d previously asked her to come home and see his girlfriend. She was curious about what kind of 
woman Steven would fall for. 
Janine smiled and said, “I know you’ve been busy and up to your neck at work. Because of this, I didn’t call you. Steven’s girlfriend has also been busy in the past few days. She postponed our meeting to Saturday because that’s when they’re coming home. They asked me to tell you beforehand.” 
Janine was clearly energized by the great news that Steven’s feelings were finally reciprocated. She was 
already looking forward to the wedding. 
After chatting with Janine for a while more, Skylar ended the call. It looked like everyone had been busy recently. 
She wasn’t in a hurry to meet Steven’s girlfriend. She believed in Steven’s taste in women, and the woman 
he fell for must’ve been an excellent person. 
Joe strolled out of the shower the second she put her phone down. He was used to wearing only a towel 
in front of Skyler. 
However, Skylar wasn’t used to it. Her heart began racing at one glance of him. He had an extremely attractive body. 
Upon seeing her reaction, Joe grinned. He teased, “You’ve already seen me naked. Why are you still so shy?” 
They did it on a near–nightly basis and knew each other’s bodies well. Yet, she still hadn’t gotten used to it. 
Skylar didn’t understand how one could be so two–faced. Who would be able to tell how Joe’s way with words could drive her heartbeat wild in private? He was too straightforward! 
“You don’t understand. This is human nature. If you’re naked, my eyes won’t be able to look away from you, “Skylar shot back. His half–naked stature left space for her imagination. 
Joe chuckled and asked, “How do you want to look?” 
Skylar was so transfixed she even forgot to swallow her spit. She watched as he pulled his towel off. 
Every part of him was exposed to her heated gaze. Her eyes traveled downward against her will. 
“Is what you see to your liking? You’re a seductress, Skylar. You’re making me want to sleep with you,” 
said Joe. 
Skylar looked away hastily. She complained, “When have I seduced you? Don’t come up with such 
nonsense.” 
Memories from the night before flashed across her eyes. She wanted a break tonight! 
###chapter430
In the end, Skylar didn’t get her break. 
Joe cradled her limp body in his embrace as she drifted to sleep. 
As Joe listened to Skylar’s calm breathing, he glanced at her swollen lips and kissed her. He couldn’t help himself. He thought it wouldn’t be so bad if they spent the rest of their lives together. 
They were perfect for each other in more ways than one. 
Gloria had just taken her medication and was about to go for her afternoon nap when Edgar came in to announce the arrival of Skylar’s biological father, Jeffrey. He was here to meet her. 
She knew about what happened to the Williams family. She’d even asked Joe about it after witnessing the trouble that they’d caused. 
Upon hearing how the Williams family treated Skylar, she didn’t have a good impression of them. 
They wouldn’t have come if they had nothing to gain from her. This family was motivated by nothing but personal interest. They definitely wanted something from her. 
Gloria could see past their tricks. After a moment of consideration, she asked Edgar to show them in. 
She wanted to see how shameless the Williamses could be. Thinking of how Skylar had suffered at their hands, she yearned to stir up mayhem in their family. 
Karma would bite back at them for their horrible treatment of Skylar. 
Jeffrey and Peter were rather nervous as they waited outside, their hands weighed down by expensive gifts. They were terrified that they’d be barred from even entering. 
The luxuriousness of Pearlhall Residence exceeded the limits of their imagination. 
Everyone in Jipsburg City knew how powerful the Martins were in the city. 
They had done little research on the Martins. They only knew that they were a family they couldn’t even hope to cling to. Now that they’d seen Pearlhall Residence, fear and horror began to claw at them. 
They didn’t know whether they’d made the right choice. 
Whether it was correct or not, they had no other alternative. Their company was about to be finished, and so were the Williamses. 
They felt like they were dreaming as they were led into the mansion. 
Before long, they met Gloria. 
Jeffrey presented his gifts, saying. “These are some gifts from us. I hope you’ll accept them.” 
Gloria glanced at them coldly and replied, “I don’t need them.” 
“This…” Jeffrey hesitated. His outstretched hand froze in place as he deliberated on whether to put down his gifts or continue trying to offer them to Gloria. He did his best to continue smiling through his 
embarrassment. After putting his gifts down stiffly, he turned to glance at Peter. 
Peter wasn’t quite brave enough to make eye contact with Gloria. Her gaze seemed to pierce through him. 
Gloria raised an eyebrow coldly and asked, “Tell me. Why did you want to see me?” 
The behavior of the Williamses was unacceptable. 
It was a blessing that they hadn’t raised Skylar. If they had, she would’ve been raised into an idiot, no matter how talented she might’ve been. 
Jeffrey continued grinning. He tried to appease Gloria and said, “We found out that your grandson and my daughter, Skylar, have gotten together. I don’t know how long they’ve been together. As her father, I can’t watch Skylar run around with Joe without a label on their relationship. So, I wanted to discuss this with 
you.” 
“You don’t have a say in Skylar’s affairs,” snapped Gloria. 
The smile froze on Gloria’s face. 
Still, Jeffrey continued, “I’m Skylar’s biological father. Of course I have a say!” 
###chapter431
Jeffrey pressed on, “If you’ve heard rumors about us, don’t take them seriously. We’ve got a great relationship with Skylar. There are just some misunderstandings between us.” 
They had failed to consider the consequences of their past actions and subsequently caused a commotion in Jipsburg City. Gloria doubted their intentions. 
She had a horrible impression of them. 
However, it seemed like Gloria adored Skylar. This made things easier. 
Sweat beaded on Jeffrey’s forehead. It was hard to remain calm under Gloria’s scrutiny. Fortunately, Peter was quick on his feet. He answered, “That’s right. Most of those nonsensical rumors flying around are false. They’ve made a huge deal over a tiny matter.” 
Edgar could tell that Gloria did not want to continue speaking to them. He stepped forward and offered,” Mrs. Martin Senior, are you tired? I’ll help you upstairs for a nap. 
Gloria nodded and replied, “Alright.” 
When Jeffrey saw Gloria stand up, it was clear that she was no longer interested in talking to them. He said hurriedly, “We’ve come today with a small request. Considering Skylar Sullivan and her relationship with Joe, we hope that the Martins can help us. The Williams Group has gotten into a spot of trouble. If Joe lends a helping hand, our problems will be gone in no time.” 
Gloria stared at them as though she was watching a comedy show. 
How could they be so self–righteous? Who did they think Skylar was? They must’ve treated Skylar worse 
than she’d imagined. 
If they’d really loved Skylar, why would they still refer to her as a Sullivan? They would’ve changed her 
years ago. 
surname yea 
“Edgar, get someone to chase them out. Tell everyone that the Williamses have come here to disturb my peace. No one from the Martin family is allowed to collaborate with the Williams family from today 
onward,” ordered Gloria. 
Edgar narrowed his eyes. 
Immediately, a few men came forward with icy expressions. They said, “The exit is this way… 
Jeffrey and Peter were dumbfounded. 
What was going on? 
Edgar chucked coldly upon seeing that the two of them had no idea what they’d done wrongly. “Fuck off 
now.” 
were, nor how well they could snooth talk. There was It didn’t matter how bewildered Jeffrey and Pet nothing they could do. A few of the helpers came forward to chase them out. 
512 
They only came to their senses after getting booted out. 
Had they gotten into Gloria’s bad booke 
Did Gloria hate Sky 
hate Skylar? That would explain why she looked down on them. 
If word got out on Gloria’s instructions, the consequences for their family would be disastrous. 
As Jeffrey considered it, a chill traveled down his spine. “What should we do? How have we offended 
Mrs. Martin Senior?” 
Recently, they had offended many people. Each one was more powerful than the last. 
Peter’s face was devoid of color. He balled his fist and pursed his lips. After a moment, he exclaimed,” Dad, I think the Williams Group is ruined!” 
It seemed that their struggles would prove fruitless. The more they tried to salvage themselves, the more the situation spiraled out of control. 
“No, the company can’t be shut down! I won’t let my efforts go to waste. Let’s go find Joe right now before he gets tired of Skylar,” Jeffrey said. He seemed to have entered a state of maniacal obsession. 
Peter inhaled deeply before replying, “Joe might be much harder to deal with. If we talk to him, it would only cause us more trouble!” 
“We have no choice. He’s my last chance! We need to give it a try. Let’s go. Let’s head over right now!” 
He immediately got into his car and instructed his driver to take him to Martin Group. 
###chapter432
Jeffrey wouldn’t be swayed no matter how Peter tried to coax him out of it. 
The second they left Pearlhall Residence, Joe had caught wind of what had gone down. 
Upon being told that Jeffrey and his son had been so reckless as to disturb Gloria, Joe lit a cigarette. After a moment, he puffed out a cloud of black smoke. 
Then, he called Jacky and said, “Give the police the evidence detailing the crimes committed by the Williams family.” 
Jeffrey had no idea what he’d brought onto himself. He’d done as he’d pleased for too long and had forgotten the taste of failure. 
When he arrived outside Martin Group and got barred from entering yet again, embarrassment morphed into fury. 
“Let me in! Do you hear me? Let me in right now! I want to see your boss. Don’t you know who I am? I’m Mr. Martin’s girlfriend’s father. If you keep denying me access, I’ll ensure Mr. Martin makes you pay!” 
Standing beside him, Peter shivered upon seeing what was happening. Trouble seemed to cast a shadow over everything from the very start. 
“Mr. Martin’s girlfriend? He doesn’t have one. Where has this madman come from? Your attempt to suck up to Mr. Martin is pathetic. How shameless!” 
The head of security roared, “Fuck off!” 
He wouldn’t entertain Jeffrey’s nonsense. 
Jeffrey exploded with fury. He shot back, “Call him if you don’t believe me!” 
The guard had received instructions explicitly stating that if the two of them entered the building, he would be fired immediately. Thus, he ordered, “Stop fucking around! 
He wouldn’t be able to find a second company with such an excellent salary and lucrative bonuses. He had a family to feed. He wasn’t going to lose his job. Jeffrey and Peter had been pulling all– nighters for the past few days. They were extremely unfit and got pushed to the side of the street easily. 
They couldn’t even get close to the building. 
Jeffrey flushed in anger. He felt like he was going to collapse any time. He announced, “I’ve never been as embarrassed as this since I came to Jipsburg City! Joe, believe me or not, I can stop Skylar from being with you. I’m her dad. She has to listen to me!” 
Peter froze. 
A few months ago, his words might’ve been intimidating. 
However, Skylar had drawn a line between her life and theirs. Peter suddenly came to the realization that Skylar no longer treated them as family. 
When he reflected on their past, he found that the Williamses had never treated Skylar as part of their family either. 
Even the stupidest person would come to their senses and sever all ties with them. How could they expect Skylar to continue being ordered around by them? Did she deserve to sacrifice everything for them? What had they done for her? 
The more Peter thought the more his face paled. 
What followed was even more astounding. 
A call came from Williams Group saying that the police were there. When the employees asked why the police were there, they refused to say a word about it. They only asked the employees to contact Jeffrey so he would come as soon as possible. 
Jeffrey could only give up on his plans of avenging himself. 
Peter and Jeffrey hurried back to the company. 
Initially, they thought that someone had made a false report to intensify the Williamses suffering. On the way to the company, Jeffrey thought nothing much of it. 
However, Peter’s complexion remained pallid. 
Upon meeting the police and hearing them explain why they were at the office, Jeffrey lost his composure. 
“1-1… Someone is framing me!” 
###chapter433
Jeffrey knew all too well whether he was being framed. He had repeatedly disregarded the law in his endeavors to expand Williams Group. 
Initially, he’d thought he had been discreet enough, and no one would ever find out. Yet, the police had just turned up on his doorstep with evidence of his wrongdoings. 
Jeffrey’s excuses went up in flames in front of the police, and everyone watched as the police arrested their chairman. 
At the same time, they knew that their company was done for. Even their chairman had been arrested, not to mention that they hadn’t been paid in three months. 
“What should we do now, Mr. Williams?” 
“There’s a group of journalists outside. 
A bunch of employees had gathered and bombarded Peter with countless questions. His head spun. What to do? He burst out, “How would I know what to do next? Close the door, Don’t let any journalists in. Let me calm down and think about it!” 
When the employees saw his reaction, they traded glances with each other. 
us the salarys 
Someone proposed.bravely, “The Williams Group is as good as bankrupt. Just give owe 
us 
They’d worked hard for the company to earn a meager salary, and management had withheld their payment for months. 
Peter’s head throbbed excruciatingly, He roared, “There’s no money in the company’s account. If you don’t want to work for us anymore, get the fuck out how!” 
Even his employees were trying to cause his ruin. 
“Mr. Williams, whether you believe it or not, we’re going to file a report at the Ministry of Labor!” 
“Let’s go! Tell the journalists about their horrible actions. Wicked capitalists!” 
“Everyone, let’s go together. We can’t let our hard–earned money go down the drain. We have to sue them. and tell the world about their crimes!” 
Someone had started shouting in/protest, and suddenly, the whole office chorused their complaints in righteous fury. 
They then rushed out of the company. Some headed to the Ministry of Labor, while others sought the journalists out. 
The Williams Group sank into chaos. Countless videos depicting their situation went viral on the internet. 
Skylar saw the news at lunch when it was recommended on her browser. She knew that the Williams family was in a mess and found out that Jeffrey had been arrested. Inside sources revealed that Jeffrey 
had been dealing in some shady business and had broken multiple laws. He wouldn’t be seeing the light of day for at least two decades after his arrest. 
As to Peter, he was trapped in the office. The employees were trying to force him into paying their wages 
with the help of the media. 
Their bankruptcy came to light at the same time. 
Many people began writing exposés about the Williamses. 
Perhaps because someone was controlling the discussion online, there was no mention of Skylar at all. 
Skylar went through her album and found the video on Maisy. This video would only be effective if she 
sent it to Kenny. 
Yet, now wasn’t the right time. She needed to wait a while more. 
“The Williamses have probably pissed someone off, haven’t they? Even the crimes that they committed decades ago have been unearthed.” Caleb grinned smugly before continuing, “I’ve seldom felt so 
satisfied. This is great!” 
Caleb had seen for himself the shamelessness of the Williams family. He was overjoyed to see their demise. After all, Skylar had nothing to do with them.. 
Everything would be great as long as all of the Williamses were rendered incapable of making a scene 
after their ruin. 
Caleb said, “Right, I saw an exposé describing how Jeffrey had gone to find Mrs. Martin Senior. Not only that, he had gone to the Martins Group screaming his head off about how he wanted to see Mr. Martin. It happened just this morning. Is he out of his mind?” 
Skylar stood up immediately and asked, “Did he really see Mrs. Martin Senior and Joe?” 
“I don’t know how true it is. Someone told the media about it. I saw the pictures of what happened. They seem quite clear. However, they’ve probably been taken down now. The Martins definitely wouldn’t want too many people to find out about this,” said Caleb. He then started scrolling through various news reports to find the one he was referring to. 
###chapter434
It was a pity that the report was gone. 
The public relations department of the Martin Group was the fastest in Jipsburg City. No other team could hold a flame to their effectiveness. 
Skylar walked out while saying, “I’m going to make a call.” 
In the break room, Skylar called Gloria. She started the call by saying, “Grandma.” 
Gloria knew why Skylar called and said cheerily, “Are you worried about me because the Williamses came 
to see me?” 
Skylar’s throat tightened upon hearing Gloria’s question. She was the one who’d caused trouble for Gloria, yet Gloria wasn’t blaming her at all. Skylar hummed and replied, “They’re not important to me. You don’t have to waste your energy on them.” 
*Skye, Joe and I will treat you well. You don’t need to spare any thoughts for family members who don’t 
treat you as one of their own. There’s no need to feel saddened because of them, either. They’re blind for not seeing how excellent you are, reassured Gloria warmly. 
Skyler answered gently, “Alright, Grandma. I’ll remember that.” 
Listening to the even tone that Gloria knew Skylar was desperately faking, Gloria couldn’t help but pity her. She continued, “When I was young, I loved getting into fights. Viola would know all about
this. If I were 30 
years younger, I would’ve beat these Williamses up. I had Edgar chase them out right away this morning.” 
Skylar gushed genuinely, “I’m so happy and blessed to have become part of your family.” 
She was telling the truth. 
She’d been yearning to say that to Gloria for a long time. 
Sometimes, when she was startled awake in the middle of the night, she would feel as though her life after getting reborn was nothing more than a dream. It was her obsession, borne out of the hardships 
she’d faced. 
Whenever she felt like that, she would need a long time to calm down before accepting that this was her 
new reality. 
“Oh, my darling. I smile in my dreams for being fortunate enough to become your family. I must’ve been a savior in my past life to have you as my granddaughter–in–law.” 
After Gloria hung up, she still felt unsettled. Thinking about the results of her investigation and learning that the Williamses had bullied Skylar, tears welled up in her eyes. Her heart throbbed for Skylar. 
She told Edgar, “Skylar never tells me about her past. She’s suffered a lot. The next time she’s here, makel sure the cook prepares all her favorite dishes.” 
“Don’t worry, Mrs. Martin Senior. I’ll ensure your instructions are passed on to the cooks. Don’t be too melancholic over Mrs. Martin’s experiences. If your health suffers because of this, she would be 
devastated,” consoled Edgar. 
Gloria sighed and said, “Alright, I know. Don’t worry about me. I will take care of myself and do my best to accompany them for a few more years.” 
Skylar proceeded to call Joe, 
Joe picked up quickly. 
Skylar asked, “Jeffrey and his son went to see you, didn’t they?” 
Joe hadn’t expected Skylar to find out about what had happened. Their public relations team hadn’t worked fast enough. He answered, “Yeah. They didn’t get to see me as they were barred from entering the building. They didn’t affect the Martin Group in any way.” 
Skylar continued, “You were the one who found evidence for Jeffrey’s crimes, right? Thanks.” 
“Yes, I did it. You don’t need to concern yourself with this. He won’t be able to escape prison now that he’s been sent in. The rest of the Williamses won’t be able to cause any problems for you,” Joe answered. 
He did not deny it. He’d done it, and that was the truth. It was good that Skylar had found out about what he’d done. At least she’d know that she hadn’t made the wrong decision to marry him. 
Skylar’s heart raced. Suddenly, she knew that her feelings for Joe had changed. Her grip tightened around her phone. 
Her tone became flat as she said, “The rest of the Williamses might not be able to stir up much chaos. However, they’re well–versed in making you feel horrible. You… You might want to be more careful.” 
She was scared that Peter would continue following Joe around to disturb his peace. 
“Don’t worry. 
Just as Skylar was about to hang up, Joe suddenly said, “Wait.” 
“What?” 
Joe suddenly asked darkly, “They broke your heart?” 
Skylar paused in surprise for a second before explaining simply, “A long time ago, they did break my heart. However, I stopped caring about them. I genuinely don’t give a damn about them now. 
“That’s great. 
###chapter435
“Thanks, Mr. Martin,” said Skylar. 
Joe grinned and replied, “I want more than just your verbal appreciation.” 
Despite Skylar knowing that no one was around her, she still blushed while responding. “Someone is asking for me. I have to go. Goodbye.” 
She hung up immediately. 
Skylar inhaled deeply. Her heart was pounding because of Joe’s words. 
Fortunately, she’d hung up in time. She wasn’t thick–skinned enough to have phone sex with Joe. 
17 
Joe smirked as the call broke off abruptly. His stern gaze softened. 
Paul had just hurried back to work from the airport. Upon seeing the smile on Joe’s face, goosebumps rose all over him. His hearing must have been faulty, or he must have mistaken what he heard. 
Still, that was exactly what had happened. How could Joe have been so flirty? 
Joe and Skylar’s relationship had improved greatly within the span of a few days. 
Joe glanced at Paul, whose internal monologue was going wild. He asked, “Have you made the necessary arrangements for Jenny?” 
Joe’s question awakened Paul from his daydream. Joe hadn’t changed at all. He was still the powerful man who could terrify people with nothing but his words. 
Paul immediately stood up straighter and replied, “I’ve arranged everything. Ms. Scott said that she’ll come back immediately after her graduation.” 
“Look into the Williams family and follow up on the matter.” 
“Alright, I’ll do it now.” 
The set was surrounded by countless fans trying to catch a glimpse of their favorite actors. 
Since they were shooting in a school, there were many people present, and the film crew was unable to clear everyone off the set. 
Despite the chaotic environment, Austin still acted professionally. Even when his partner was unable to focus, Austin remained calm throughout. 
Natalie stood in the corner with a tumbler in hand while waiting for Austin to finish his scene. 
Austin was styled as a university student who hadn’t ventured into society. He portrayed the naivety of a student masterfully and made people believe he was indeed a student. 
70 
The campus romance between the male and female leads brought tears to Natalie’s eyes. It was 
wonderful. 
Annabelle stood in the crowd with a baseball cap on as she stared intently at Natalie. 
Since their last meeting, Natalie had gotten more tanned. As she stood there, she ignored the sun beating down upon her. Natalie had also disregarded her identity as Jeremy’s wife. She served Austin as though 
she were his assistant. 
Annabelle didn’t understand Natalie at all. 
Suddenly, Natalie seemed to realize that someone was looking at her. She instinctively looked in 
Annabelle’s direction. 
She was surprised to see Annabelle. 
Today was a weekday. Didn’t she need to work? 
Natalie glanced at Austin. He would probably need to work on the scene for a while more, so she walked over to Annabelle. 
Annabelle watched Natalie walk over as jealousy churned in her stomach, In what way was she inferior to 
Natalie? 
“I remember you. You’re Jeremy’s secretary, right?” 
###chapter436
Annabelle smiled slightly as she glared at Natalie and replied, “You’re right, Mrs. Hughes. I was Mr. Hughes ‘secretary. However, I was fired because I’d done something wrong.” 
Natalie was rather surprised. She had never asked Jeremy about what was happening in the Hughes Group, let alone inquired about his subordinates. She smiled and said, “So that’s what happened.” 
Annabelle voiced her confusion, “Mrs. Hughes, why are you being an assistant for an actor?” 
No matter how stunning the actor was, he couldn’t hold a candle to Jeremy, could he? 
In addition, not many people would lower themselves to be an assistant. Jeremy knew about it, right? 
She suddenly thought of something. Austin was an actor who’d won a prestigious award. He had billions of followers on social media, and countless people adored him. If… 
It was impossible. Jeremy definitely knew what Natalie was doing. However, Jeremy tended to spoil her by letting her do as she wished. 
How could Natalie be worth all his adoration? 
“My time freed up recently, so I’ve come to experience a different way of life,” Natalie explained politely. 
For some reason, Annabelle seemed to be assessing and judging her. It made Natalie feel uncomfortable. 
Since Annabelle made her feel like that, there was no need to get too close to her. 
At the same time, Austin finished his scene. Initially, the female lead wanted to speak to him. However, 
he refused and strode toward Natalie. 
Natalie seemed to be daydreaming, and it was impossible to tell what she was thinking about. When she saw Austin come over, she reflexively handed him the bottle and asked, “Mr. Powell, are you thirsty?” 
Au?tin took the bottle. He looked down at her and said, “Is that someone you know?” 
“Yeah. She’s an acquaintance. I don’t know her well, but something feels off about her,” replied Natalie. Suddenly, she remembered that they were at university. Why would Annabelle be there? 
Was she a fan of one of the cast and here to see them? 
That didn’t seem like the case. 
“Really?” 
Austin looked over. He’d noticed the woman speaking to Natalie. Now that he was trying to spot her in the crowd, he realized she’d left. 
“It’s nothing. Perhaps its just a coincidence. There are many actors here today. Maybe she’s here to see 
one of them. Are you tired, Mr. Powell? Do you want to sit down and take a break? I’ll get you an umbrella, 
Natalie said. She thought nothing more of it. 
” 
Annabelle was only an employee who had gotten fired by Jeremy. She’d overthought it. There was no 
need to dwell on her. 
Austin glanced at Natalie’s cheeks, which were flushed under the sun. He smiled and said, “I’m not that weak. I don’t need you to cover me. Why don’t you hold an umbrella over yourself?” 
After a moment of pause, Natalie said, “I like to sunbathe. The sunlight right now is perfect. It doesn’t burn 
the skin like how it does in summer.” 
She’d be tanned, but she liked it. 
When winter rolled around, her tan faded quickly. She also reapplied her sunscreen frequently to prevent damage to her skin. 
Austin grinned and asked, “Aren’t you scared your skin will get darker?” 
“Not at all,” answered Natalie honestly. 
Someone snapped a picture of their pleasant little chat and sent it to Jeremy. 
Jeremy had just finished a meeting. When he saw that Annabelle had texted him, he frowned slightly. 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward
###chapter437
However, Jeremy still read her text. 
When he saw the pictures, a cruel glint flashed across his eyes. 
Natalie seemed to enjoy working with Austin, and they seemed to have several common topics. Jeremy’s 
face fell. 
Annabelle texted, “Mr. Hughes, I went to a set at the university just now to meet an actor I liked. Why has 
Natalie become Austin’s assistant? I’ve liked him for many years.” 
Jeffery did not respond to her. He turned his phone off. 
Annabelle waited for his response, but none came. 
She refused to give up and waited for half an hour more. Yet, he still didn’t text her back. How cruel! He’d refused to reply to her texts no matter what she said for the past few days. How could someone be so 
merciless the second they got out of bed? 
Nearly no one could accomplish such a feat, could they? 
In addition, he’d done so for Natalie, who was inferior to her in every way. 
Annabelle inhaled deeply. 
Did he want her to disappear from his life entirely? 
Well, that was impossible. 
When Natalie returned home from work, she saw Jeremy. 
Jeremy had come home early the past few days, and Natalie struggled to get used to it. 
“You…” 
Jeremy smirked and asked, “What? I’ve been coming home every night recently. Is it hard to get accustomed to?” 
He felt somewhat nervous for a moment. Although he’d calmed down, if Natalie were to find out about 
his past actions… 
Natalie nodded dumbly and said “Right. In the past few months, I’ve been accustomed to your frequent business trips and only seeing you once or twice a month. Yet, you’ve been coming home nightly for the past few days. We’ve seen each other more in the past week than the last two months combined.” 
She wasn’t used to this! 
you 
“It’s my fault,” said Jeremy with a smile. 
Natalie immediately nodded and said, “Of course it’s your fault. You have no idea how hard these two 
months have been for me. I’ve been bored to death, you know? Hey? Why do I smell my mom’s clam 
chowder?” 
She knew this smell too well. No one could reproduce her mom’s recipe. She was so sensitive to it that she could discern whether her mother cooked it by smell. 
She had barely finished her question when her mom walked out of the kitchen with a pot of clam 
chowder. 
Natalie’s eyes widened as she asked, “Mom, why are you here?” 
Larissa Zimmer rolled her eyes and shot back, “I’ve barely seen you in the past few months. I miss you. 
What, am I unwelcome?” 
Her daughter was a source of endless worry for her. Fortunately, Larissa had a great son–in–law. 
Natalie immediately said sweetly, “Of course you’re welcome! I was just thinking about going home to see you and Dad by the end of the week. How could you leave Dad at home and come over to visit me? Why didn’t you take him with you?” 
Larissa glanced at Jeremy and said, “Your dad has plans to go fishing with his friends. He doesn’t have time to spare to come over. Where have you gone? You’re so tan you look like you’ve just emerged from a 
coal mine.” 
Natalie tried to explain, “It’s healthy to be a little tan. I don’t think I’m that dark yet, am I?” 
Larissa sighed. Natalie had abandoned her cushy life as Jeremy’s wife to become an actor’s assistant. 
Who would believe her? 
They’d just sat down and began dinner when Larissa suddenly asked, “Just now, I didn’t see you when I came over. I asked Jeremy about it, and he said you’ve gone to work as a celebrity’s assistant.” 
Natalie’s heart skipped a beat. She faked nonchalance in her reply, “That’s right. This job is ver interesting. I quite like it.” 
Jeremy’s gaze turned cold. Yet, no one realized. 
you “Quit fooling around! Resign from your job now. Your responsibility now is to have a child. Why would become a celebrity’s assistant? Listen to me. Don’t go to work for now. If you’re really bored, Jeremy has said he can open a café or a flower shop for you. Your working hours will be flexible and the work is easy. This would be great for you to do while preparing for a baby.” 
Natalie’s guess was proven. Jeremy must’ve asked Larissa to come. Although he agreed for her to work, he still didn’t want her to. 
She took a deep breath and placed her fork down. Determination shone on her face as she said, “I’m still young and not in a rush to have a kid. Mom, I need to have my dreams and create a life for myself. What I’m doing now is what I’m passionate about. What you’re asking me to do isn’t what I want.” 
###chapter438
Jeremy’s expression took on a sudden chill. 
Larissa knew her daughter well. Once she’d decided on something, she wouldn’t be swayed. 
Natalie’s horrible temper was a perfect copy of her husband’s. 
Larissa refused to give up. She said, “If you’re so tired at work every day, how will you prepare for a baby?” 
Since her son–in–law had asked for her, it meant that he didn’t want Natalie to become an assistant for a 
celebrity. 
It was a male actor, no less. 
At the very least, it shouldn’t affect the relationship between the two. She could tell that there were some problems in their marriage. In the past, Natalie prepared for the baby proactively. Yet, it seemed like she 
was no longer interested in doing so. 
Natalie looked at Jeremy. His expression gave nothing away. She felt a lump in her throat. Then, she 
turned to Larissa. 
“Jeremy’s away at work every day. Mom, why don’t you criticize him? Don’t be such a hypocrite. Everyone has to work. I haven’t seen it interfere with having children. I wasn’t able to get pregnant
when I wasn’t working, perhaps now I will. I can always resign once I get pregnant. Let’s stop the discussion here, Mom.” 
Larissa sighed and said nothing. 
After sending Larissa off, Natalie immediately said to Jeremy, “You were the one who called Mom over to force me into resigning, weren’t you? Can you stop being so selfish? I supported you when you worked all day and barely came home for months. Why are you barring me from pursuing the career I love?” 
“This is not the job for you. Listen to me, Nath. Resign from your job. You can apply to any other company after this,” Jeremy said calmly, although his emotions were going haywire. 
Natalie’s eyes welled up with tears. She shook her head firmly and said, “No. I will not quit my job.” 
Jeremy’s gaze darkened as he pursed his lips. 
Natalie knew that he was enraged. However, she wouldn’t give in. 
They stared each other down in silence. 
No one said a word. 
Time stretched until she felt she couldn’t stand her ground and was about to give in. Thankfully, her determination prevailed. 
In the end, Jeremy suggested a compromise. “Quit your job when you get pregnant.” 
Natalie sighed in relief. She hugged Jeremy and exclaimed, “Honey, you’re the best!” 
Jeremy’s mask of iciness cracked. He wrapped his arms around Natalie and said, “Go shower 
Natalie blushed as she replied, “You go first. I’ve just eaten and want to take a breather before I shower 
“Alright.” 
As Jeremy showered, Natalie rummaged through the lingerie she’d bought a while ago. 
She’d bought them for a few months. They were finally going to serve their purpose today. 
After they were done, she wanted to have an honest discussion with him, hoping he would tell her why he 
lied to her. 
Just as Natalie was about to shower in the guest bathroom, a notification popped up on her phone. Someone had added her on WhatsApp. 
She tapped into the notification. 
It was a stranger. 
She was about to block them. However, she accidentally accepted their request. 
Whatever. 
It was probably someone from Austin’s team. Thankfully, she didn’t block them. She’d nearly forgotten that she had a job and needed to socialize. 
Just as she was about to take a shower, Austin suddenly called. 
“Are you free tonight? The director has just given me a last–minute notice saying that he wanted to film two night scenes.” 
Natalie was surprised. What an unfortunate coincidence. She said, “What?” 
Austin could hear her surprise. He replied, “Do you have plans? If you do, I’ll ask my team to arrange for 
another assistant.” 
Natalie said immediately, “Nothing! It’s alright. I’ll head over now!” 
After all, she’d just started her job. She couldn’t leave her post. 
She immediately changed. Then, she waited in front of the bathroom for a few minutes. 
Jeremy walked out of the shower. 
When he saw that Natalie had changed out of her loungewear into something more formal, he quirked an eyebrow and asked, “Are you going out?” 
Natalie smiled and said, “Mr. Powell needed to film a few night scenes. I must go with him. I can’t stay with you tonight. I’ll make it up to you tomorrow!” 
Jeremy’s expression was icy. He glared at Natalie. 
Natalie’s scalp prickled under his gaze. 
###chapter439
Natalie had grown up with Jeremy. She was familiar with his body language when he got angry. 
Clearly, he was livid. 
Whenever he got angry, the consequences were severe. 
Natalie stepped forward and hugged Jeremy. They hadn’t had sex for a long time, and she had been looking forward to tonight as well. However, it was an unfortunate coincidence. She said, “I promise, alright?” 
“I’ll drive you.” 
After a few deep breaths, Jeremy calmed down. He wanted to see how Natalie worked and what Austin wanted from her. 
Natalie hadn’t expected Jeremy to drive her there. 
It looked like he’d had his reasons for lying to Natalie. She didn’t see the need to dwell upon it. She’d let it be. It looked like he cared as much for her as he used to. 
“Honey, I love you!” 
Jeremy caressed Natalie’s head and said, “Give me a few minutes. I’ll change.” 
“Alright!” 
Skylar returned to Galaxy Villa before Joe. 
He had an international conference call today that he needed to attend to at work. She didn’t know when 
he would be home. Perhaps he would be staying opposite the hospital. 
She made herself a simple dinner. 
After dinner, she began handling her orders. They had piled up recently. 
She then thought of what she’d talked about with Janine. She could try her hand at it now. 
The hours seemed to fly by. Skylar dozed off. 
In her state of semi–consciousness, she felt someone get into bed. 
His familiar embrace felt a little cold. Skylar frowned. She said softly, “I thought you said that you didn’t know when you’d be back?” 
“Well didn’t you say you wanted to thank me?” Joe whispered, his warm breath fanning her ear. 
Skylar wasn’t entirely awake. She replied subconsciously, “Tomorrow…” 
“I’m available tomorrow. Are you going to be making the first move?” 
His voice was too sultry and attractive. When he spoke in the dead of the night, it was as though he was enticing her to follow him into hell. 
It was as though no matter what he suggested, the woman under his trance could only nod in agreement. 
“Alright!” 
Joe smirked and said, “Okay then.” 
He wanted to see how she would be making a move. 
The scene was set in a mansion. 
It was a luxurious mansion, the type that was rarely found in Jipsburg City. 
It wasn’t far from Hughes Residence. 
The set was only a short drive away. 
After arriving, Natalie got out quickly. After saying goodbye to Jeremy, she rushed over to the gate. 
Austin arrived at the same time. He saw Natalie get out of a limited edition sports car. Simultaneously, he saw the sharp gaze of the man in the car when the window rolled down. 
“Mr. Powell!” 
Austin looked back at Natalie and smiled. He said, “There’s no need to run.” 
Hank saw Jeremy and asked, “Is that your husband?” 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
###chapter440
Natalie looked back in the direction of Hank’s and Austin’s gazes. 
Upon seeing that Jeremy hadn’t left, she waved at him. 
Jeremy smiled and nodded at Natalie before speeding off. 
After Jeremy left, Natalie turned back and said, “Yes, he’s my husband. He drove me here since he was 
free.” 
Hank stared at the limited edition car. There couldn’t be more than two of those in the whole of Jipsburg 
City. 
He glanced meaningfully at Austin before asking Natalie, “Are you just here to experience the lives of us 
peasants?” 
Natalie explained, “I’m not here to do that. I’m here to work!” 
She did not want to be misunderstood by them. 
If she had known this would happen, she would have told Jeremy to leave as soon as possible. 
She told Hank and Austin she was married but nothing about their financial situation. 
Jeremy had driven a limited edition car today. With a single glance, one would know it wasn’t a cheap car. 
Hank said nothing else. However, he did not believe her for even a second. That being said, Natalie did not behave like a privileged housewife. At work, she was hardworking and willing to suffer. 
He’d seen the man in the car. He seemed familiar, as though they met each other before, He was also handsome, so much so that he could’ve been an actor. 
As an agent, he knew that a man like him wouldn’t be any less successful in the entertainment industry. with proper management. Of course, he could tell that Natalie’s husband probably dabbled in the business 
world. 
Austin seemed to be deep in thought. However, he was likely immersed in his character since they were about to begin filming. 
Natalie didn’t dare disturb him, and she didn’t continue explaining herself. She would use her actions to prove how much she valued this job opportunity. 
The next day, Skylar woke up and found herself nestled in Joe’s embrace. 
He came back? 
When had he come home? Why hadn’t she heard anything? 
As she pondered on it, Joe suddenly turned around, squashing her. 
His eyes had been closed in deep sleep moments ago. Now, there was not a hint of drowsiness in his eyes. They glinted like stars in the night sky. 
Joe asked, “Have you forgotten what you promised me last night?” 
There was a rasp in his morning voice. However, it was dangerously sexy. 
Skylar had just woken up. Her reactions were slow. She asked, “What have I promised you last night?” 
Why did she have no impression of that? 
“You’re not planning to break your promise, are you? I’ll play the recording of last night,” Joe was an intelligent man. He’d guessed that Skylar would forget what she’d said while drifting in and out of sleep. 
As Joe picked his phone up and played yesterday’s recording, Skylar froze. She scoured her brain for this 
memory. 
“I wasn’t awake last night. It doesn’t count. Let me get up to make breakfast,” said Skylar while pushing at 
Joe. 
However, he remained unmoved no matter how hard she pushed at him. He was holding her down tightly. 
As she struggled, her face flushed. She could feel the change in his body. It shocked her so much she 
didn’t dare to move. 
Joe leaned down to kiss her. He was rather rough with her, as though he was punishing her for her ploy to 
break her promise. 
Skylar’s breathing became irregular from his actions. 
Joe whispered, “If you don’t fulfill your promise, why don’t you guess whether I’ll let you go to work today?” 
In such matters, men were naturally gifted. She believed that he wouldn’t let her go to work! Skylar looked up and kissed his Adam’s apple. 
His eyes darkened. He seemed like a lion about to pounce. He said huskily, “Go on.” 
Afterward, Joe leaned against the bed frame. 
Lust lingered in his eyes. 
###chapter441
26 
Even Joe was surprised. Skylar easily made him lose control and drove him mad. He couldn’t calm down 
for hours afterward. 
Skylar hid in the bathroom after they were done. 
During breakfast, she couldn’t even look at Joe. 
After finishing breakfast, she took her bag and said to Joe, “I’m going to work now.” 
“I’ll drive you,” replied Joe. 
His voice was still hoarse from their antics in the morning. It was low and sexy. 
Skylar’s heart skipped a beat, “That won’t be necessary. I’ll drive myself.” 
Joe asked, “Can you even step on the gas?” 
Skylar took two steps forward. It felt like she was stepping on lava. She turned back and glared at Joe,” 
It’s all your fault.” 
It was his fault for doing all those things to her. 
“That’s why I’m trying to take responsibility for it. Give me three minutes,” Joe said. He was bursting with 
glee. 
A few minutes later, Skylar was sat in Joe’s car. 
Lucas had been waiting for them outside. 
Thanks to Lucas, Skylar did not have to be alone with Joe, which would have been awkward. 
Joe interlocked their fingers after getting in. His palm was warm, while hers was slightly clammy. 
Gradually, she warmed up too. 
Skylar’s heart was racing. Her feelings were spiraling out of control. 
Joe furrowed his brows and asked softly, “Why are your hands still so cold?” 
Skylar looked at him. 
Although he was expressing concern, his unaffected expression seemed to be a testament to their 
emotional distance. Her heart, which had been pounding for him moments before, stilled. 
“Your hands are too warm,” Skylar explained. 
Joe placed his other hand over hers. This position imprisoned Skylar between his arms. 
His embrace was as warm as his palms. It was as though she’d feel cared for and protected whenever 
she was in his arms. She’d be under the illusion that he’d fallen in love with her. 
Skylar looked down in silence. 
Joe thought Skylar’s silence was due to exhaustion from their morning activities. He did not continue the conversation, but he hugged Skylar tighter. 
Upon seeing them, Lucas couldn’t help but muse. He was glad that their relationship had improved. He 
had never seen Joe so considerate of a woman before. 
Yet, if Paul had witnessed this scene, he wouldn’t have been as calm as Lucas. 
What happened to the Williamses spread like wildfire. Within days, it was public knowledge. 
Earlier in the day, Peter had announced the bankruptcy of the Williams Group. 
At the same time, they were saddled with huge amounts of debt, and many of their debtors were knocking at their door. 
Their properties would be liquidated. 
Peter had just finished his announcement when the police took him to the station as part of their investigation. The Williams family sank into further chaos. 
Many people were outside Williams Residence, including journalists, employees of the Williams Group, 
and their debtors. 
Only Kenny, Samuel, Maisy, and the paralyzed Sadie were
###chapter442
Williams Residence was in utter disarray. While it used to be clean and neat, it had become a huge mess because the helpers hadn’t been cleaning. 
Maisy hadn’t been able to think straight for the past few days as she stared at the clutter before her. 
She had dreamed that she would become the wife of a wealthy man and daydreamed about becoming the heiress to the Williams family fortune. Her dreams were now shattered. 
The Williams family had nothing left. 
Samuel and Kenny were paler than ghosts. The protests outside could be heard clearly from inside. 
Although Kenny was the oldest of them all, he had been too well–protected. After he graduated, he started working for their tech company straight away. This was the first time he’d gone through such a tumultuous change. 
It was as though he’d fallen from heaven into hell. 
With tear–filled eyes, Kenny said, “No one is going to open the door, alright? We’ll wait for Peter to get rid 
of them. 
“Also, Peter said that our mansion is going to be sold to pay our debts. Once they leave, we’ll move to Elden Residence, the old house that Mom and Dad used to live in two decades ago. We’ll take Mom with 
11 
us.” 
Jeffrey hadn’t sold it because it was too old. He told others that it bore sentimental value for them. 
Maisy was terrified. She asked, “Do we really need to move back there? Can’t we settle our debts by selling off the Williams Group? Also, weren’t you going on about wanting to start a new company? Do you still have the money to do so?” 
Peter looked at Maisy, a mix of emotions swirling in his eyes. He replied weakly, “Stop dreaming. Don’t you know our situation? The Williams are fucked. 
“Who knows what our future will be? We’re buried in debt. How much can such a stupid company be 
worth? It’s not like our mansion can be sold for a handsome sum. 
“We’ll talk about the startup in the future. Let’s solve our burning problems first.” 
In addition, the lawyer had told them that Jeffrey would be sentenced to at least two decades of 
imprisonment. 
Sadie hadn’t eaten for a day. Her three children seemed to have forgotten her.. 
She grew weaker than she already was due to the lack of sustenance. In addition, her body odor was making her wish for a swift death. 
Screaming could be heard from outside. Even though her children hadn’t told her about it, she knew this 
212 
with absolute surety–Jeffrey had been arrested, and the Williams Group had gone bankrupt. Their assets 
would be liquidated to settle a gargantuan amount of debt. 
They were done for! 
Sadie wanted an immediate death now more than ever. She could imagine what they were about to face. 
They would be tortured by the horrors that she’d seen inflicted on Skylar in her dreams. 
Suddenly, Maisy walked in with some bread and water. 
She pinched her nose in disdain of the smell inside the room. Impatiently, she told Sadie, “Mom, you should’ve heard about our situation by now. The people outside are our debtors. 
“We can’t leave the house for groceries, and there are no helpers at home. We can’t even order takeout. All of us are having bread too. Just make do with some bread and water, Mom.” 
Then, Maisy put the bread and water on Sadie’s bedside table. She was only paralyzed from the waist down. She was fully able to move her hand. Maisy wasn’t about to watch Sadie eat in the stinking room. 
Her annoyance was through the roof. She felt that Sadie was nothing more than a burden. 
Peter arrived home around eight at night. The crowd had cleared. 
When he saw the state of the house, he frowned. 
He had been interrogated by the police for hours. Knowing many people were outside their house, he’d been out and about all day trying to clear their debts. 
###chapter443
Peter came home to an unbelievable mess. The three of them were fine. Yet, no one bothered to tidy up. 
He questioned them about it. The three of them had their respective explanations. 
Samuel said, “It was too noisy outside. We were unable to leave the house to buy food. We’re exhausted. How do you expect us to clean? In addition, we’ve never done the chores before. How would we know what to do?” 
Kenny furrowed his brows and added, “There are a million things we need to handle at home, not to mention we also have to take care of Mom. Don’t split hairs with us, 
“I know that you’re facing many problems now. However, there’s no need to release your frustrations on us. Also, aren’t we moving out soon? Why would we need to waste time cleaning?” 
“That’s right, Peter,” said Maisy hurriedly. 
As the only girl in the family, she didn’t want to be treated as their maid. Her hands were for better things. They weren’t made for chores. 
The three of them were as self–righteous as could be. As Peter stared at them, he inhaled deeply before exclaiming, “The three of you!” 
“Don’t be angry. Didn’t you say we were going to move? Have you found a moving company? We have so much stuff. A few lorries will be needed to transport them. Also, have you gotten helpers to
clean Elden Residence? I’ve forgotten how many rooms there are, and whether there will be enough space for all of us,” said Kenny. 
Peter was livid. He roared, “You’re asking me? I’ve been at the end of my wits handling the company affairs. Are all of you just going to sit around at home doing nothing? 
“A moving company? We don’t have money for that! I’ve sold the house already. It needs to be emptied by tomorrow morning. Start packing immediately! No one will be sleeping tonight, so stop dreaming!” 
The three of them were dumbfounded by Peter’s rant. 
It was as though they’d been struck by lightning. They were forcefully roused from their dreams of the future. 
Peter shouted once again, “Go pack!” 
12 hours later, they stood in Elden Residence. Countless things were strewn across the floor of the dilapidated house. 
Looking at the scene before them, no one said a word. Sadie had been placed on the couch. She was paralyzed and could do nothing to help. 
Back then, she and Jeffrey had managed to leave this house after making a fortune. Who knew that she’d be back here one day? 
“Don’t we have other properties?” 
Maisy couldn’t accept it. It was worse than the house that Janine had rented. 
In addition, Janine would soon be moving into a luxurious neighborhood, while she had to stay in a run–down house with the Williamses. 
She was unwilling to accept her new reality. Maisy regretted her decision. 
“I’ve used the money in all your accounts to pay our debts. All the family businesses have also been sold. We’re practically penniless now. However, I still have ten thousand in my account. What can we do with it? 
“Let’s clean up now. Tomorrow, everyone will need to go out and get a job. The debt that we’re burdened with is gargantuan. We need to clear it as soon as possible.” 
The three of them were dumbfounded. 
They needed to get a job? 
They only had ten thousand left? 
“Let’s talk to Skylar. She’s earned a lot from Joe. She also knows that Gardner boy. She’ll definitely be able to help us clear our debts,” proposed Samuel. 
###chapter444
Kenny’s eyes brightened. He added, “Right, let’s ask her for help.” 
Maisy’s gaze darted away before focusing back on Peter. She said, “I’ve taken my savings out because of what happened to our family. She should sacrifice something too, shouldn’t she?” 
Looking at his self–righteous siblings, Peter recalled how Skylar behaved the last time she 
came home. 
She was indifferent to them, as though they were nothing more than strangers to her. 
11 
Peter chuckled coldly and said, “She won’t help us. None of you are allowed to seek her out. 
The three of them exchanged glances. 
They could see one thing in each other’s eyes–they did not want to struggle for survival like all those working–class people. They did nothing more than slave away every day to earn money, and that kind of life would diminish their abilities of self–expression. 
If Peter liked that, he could live it himself. Why was Skylar living a life that made her the envy of countless women? By relying on Joe, she was making a name for herself in Jipsburg City. 
In contrast, they had to come up with a million ways to pay off their debts. 
However, they dismissed the idea. They would ask Skylar for help no matter what. 
Skylar had swept the Williamses‘ misfortune to the back of her mind. Occasionally, she would overhear her colleagues discussing their affairs. 
One of the wealthiest families in Jipsburg City had gone bankrupt, so they would probably never hear about the Williamses again. 
Skylar heard from Paul that the Williamses were saddled with massive debt after their bankruptcy. They owed many people, and the Williams family would never recover from 
this. 
Without Jeffrey spearheading the Williamses, they weren’t a threat to Skylar, especially considering Peter’s busyness. He could barely keep himself afloat. 
However, Skylar was surprised to find herself cornered by Maisy, Samuel, and Kenny while 
getting into her car after a day of work. 
Upon seeing her locally manufactured electric–powered car, disdain colored their eyes. Why hadn’t she gotten a new car after so long with Joe? 
Was she still driving that cheap little car? It probably cost less than 15 thousand. 
“Get out of my way,” Skylar ordered. She stared at Kenny, who stood before her car to prevent her from getting in. 
Kenny’s expression seemed a little awkward. After getting scolded by her, he was somewhat embarrassed. He complained, “I’m your elder brother, Skylar.” 
Maisy put her ego down and begged, “Skylar, our family is in a crisis right now. We’re practically homeless. We’re buried in debt. Mom can barely afford her medicine. You’ve always been kind and loving, not to mention the fact that you treat your stepmom like a queen. Can’t you help us?” 
She was unwilling to say all that. Maisy didn’t want to beg Skylar for help. However, she didn’t want to struggle to survive. 
Samuel wanted to have a go at Skylar. Why was she acting so superior? Hadn’t she gotten to her current position by taking advantage of a man? He added, “We’re giving you a chance to shoulder our family’s hardships together. Once the Williamses recover, you’ll be a hero.” 
Skylar glared at Samuel. His idiocy never once disappointed her. 
“Fuck off,” Skylar snarled. She then pushed Kenny away. 
He hadn’t been expecting to be shoved out of the way. When he came to his senses, Skylar had gotten into her car. 
The three of them pounded at the windows, screaming at Skylar and ordering her to come out. 
Skylar stuck her middle finger at them. Suddenly, an idea popped into her head. 
She pulled her phone out and pulled out a video before placing the phone against the window, Skylar rolled the window down slightly so that they could hear the audio. 
###chapter445
“Enjoy,” Skylar smirked and pressed play. 
The video began playing in front of them. 
The extreme dirty talk they heard made Samuel and Kenny reconsider how much they 
knew their dearest sister. 
How could that obedient sister of theirs behave in such a manner? 
Upon seeing it, Maisy began trembling. She shrieked, “Skylar! It’s fake. Samuel, Kenny, 
listen to me. All of it is fake. Skylar got someone to edit it. All of it is fake! Skylar, you’re cruel! How could you make such a video?” 
“Are you telling me this is fake? It’s real. I would’ve been able to tell if it was fake within seconds. Why’s Christopher here as well? He even recorded videos of how you had sex with these men. You… Maisy, you’ve lied to us!” 
Samuel stared intently at Skylar’s phone and analyzed every frame. It left him 
dumbfounded. 
A million thoughts zipped through his brain. 
He suddenly turned to Kenny, who was frozen with shock. Samuel asked, “Kenny, have you known about this for a long time? How could you accept this?” 
Once the video finished, Skylar opened another. It was a recording of Maisy doing drugs in 
a crowd. 
A bunch of men surrounded Maisy as they ingested the drug. It would’ve made them so 
high they forgot where they even were. 
Looking at Maisy’s seductive moves on the dance floor, Kenny paled even further. Samuel’s eyeballs nearly fell out from the surprise. 
Skylar rolled the window down entirely and glared coldly at the three of them. She warned, * If the police get a hold of this video, you’ll be accompanying your father in prison, Maisy. Also, the two of you better stop disturbing me. Even looking at you makes me nauseous.” 
She closed the windows and sped away. Skylar could imagine the chaos that was bound to erupt between them. 
Kenny shook from head to toe. When he recovered from his shock, he slapped Maisy. 
“Disgusting! Maisy, you disgust me!” 
How could she do who knows what with those men and then put on an innocent act in 
front of them? 
Maisy was disoriented from being hit. She refused to give up and continued attempting to explain herself, “No, all of it is fake. It really is. Believe me, alright? Skylar is trying to drive a wedge between us with this artificially manufactured video!” 
“Alright. Since you’re insisting that the video’s fake, come with me to the police station to make a report. Have the police question Skylar. If she’s framing you, she’ll be punished by the law,” Kenny said furiously. He grabbed Maisy’s arm as though he was going to drag her 
to the station. 
How would Maisy have the guts to go? She frantically shook her head and cried, “No, I can’t go. Kenny, I can’t go. If I do, I’ll be screwed.” 
How could Kenny not know what was going on? 
Maisy’s terror was a tell–tale sign that it was real! Everything had been fucking genuine! 
Samuel’s head was spinning. Every frame of the video was playing in his mind. 
She was their sister whom they’d grown up with. They’d watched over her meticulously 
since she was just a child. No matter what she wanted to do, they’d protected her. Even 
when their biological sister, Skylar, returned home, they still believed they shouldn’t treat 
Skylar well. They had to treat Maisy better. 
Yet, this was how she was repaying them! 
She was looser than the loosest celebrity that he could think of. It made his scalp prickle 
with disgust. 
Kenny roared, “Fuck off, Maisy. The further you go, the better. I never want to see you again. You no longer have anything to do with the Williams family. Just looking at you makes my stomach churn!” 
Maisy trembled. Her face was scarily pale and covered in tears. She said, “No, that’s not it. This is fake. Skylar is framing me. Haven’t you guys always believed me? Why don’t you believe me anymore?” 
###chapter446
They had no idea that they had been filmed. 
Coincidentally, Caleb hadn’t left. He couldn’t be more satisfied by the betrayals that were bound to happen among them. 
What happened next would definitely stun Skylar. After all, even he was shocked, let alone Skylar. 
Just as Caleb had expected, Skylar was completely dumbfounded by the video. 
When she got home, she played the video, completely forgetting she was holding a bag of groceries in her other hand. 
She watched as Kenny began throwing punches at Maisy not long after she left. 
Maisy must’ve been out of her mind as she began stripping in front of Kenny to prove that she loved him. 
As her clothes fell to the ground piece by piece, Samuel’s eyeballs nearly fell out of their sockets. He began scolding, “You’re crazy! Absolutely mad! Everyone here has gone out of their mind!” 
Kenny had also been horrified by Maisy’s shocking behavior. He froze in place, completely speechless. 
Suddenly, more people appeared in the video. They surrounded the three Williamses and began pointing fingers while murmuring lowly to each other. 
Maisy even attempted to pull Kenny’s pants down. She announced that she could please. him publicly to prove how much she loved him. 
Then, Skylar watched a theatrical scene unfold in the recording. 
Kenny tried his hardest to keep his pants on. However, he couldn’t hold his ground against Maisy’s frenzied actions. 
In the end, his pants still got pulled down. 
Samuel waved wildly, trying to chase their audience away. 
He then began screaming at Maisy. 
After Kenny realized what had happened, he kicked Maisy and sprinted away. Samuel 
followed in his footsteps, leaving Maisy naked on the ground and sobbing desperately. 
An extremely kind person threw her a shirt. 
In the video, Skylar saw many people take out their phones to film them. They were 
probably going to go viral once again. 
Maisy had chosen to destroy her reputation. Who knew Maisy could be so terrifying when 
she sank into a fit of madness? 
Kenny and the rest of the Williamses would never allow Maisy to step foot into their house 
ever again. 
As for Maisy, she’d destroyed her reputation and would probably get recognized for public indecency. 
Joe happened to come home at the same time. Seeing Skylar frozen in front of the door, 
he asked, “What has gotten you so absorbed?” 
At Joe’s sudden question, Skylar jumped. She said, “I was watching a video about Maisy and the Williamses. Would you like to take a look?” 
Joe declined immediately, “No need.” 
He was completely uninterested in the Williams family. He’d seen Maisy twice and felt like throwing up after every encounter. 
Skylar tucked her phone back into her bag, and Joe took the groceries from her. 
There were some yogurt bottles inside and some vegetables she’d bought on the way. 
Skylar strode toward the kitchen, saying, “Since it’s still early, I’ll cook dinner. What would you like to have?” 
Joe replied, “Let’s not have dinner at home tonight. I’ll take you somewhere.” 
Skylar looked back at him and asked, “Where are we going?” 
Joe maintained an air of mystery as he replied, “You’ll know when we get there.” 
Skylar was curious throughout the journey. When they arrived, she saw the crowd and asked in surprise, “Are we at Jason Crouch’s concert?” 
“I was gifted tickets from the organizer and I don’t want to waste them. We’ll go for supper after the concert,” Joe said. He’d arranged everything. 
Skylar was surprised. She hadn’t expected Joe to have made plans. It explained why he’d 
###chapter447
Skylar had wanted to go to Jason’s concert for ages. However, she hadn’t managed to get Sickets. Who knew that Jason would bring her to it? 
Skylar was ecstatic. She asked, ‘Keep this act of devotion up and I’ll fall in love with you 
What will happen then?” 
The words left her mouth before she could think them over. 
Coincidentally, ear–splitzing music began blaring from the speakers. It made her words 
inaudible 
Joe saw Solar’s mouth moving but couldn’t hear anything. After the music faded, his gaze softened as he stared at Skylar’s eyes. Joe asked, “What were you saying just now?” 
Solar immediately responded randomly, “Nothing much. I was saying that you’re 
absolutely dashing 
Joe grinned and said, ‘Lets go in.” 
When Peter saw Kenny and Samuel retum home without Maisy, he asked coldly, “Why haven’t you two come back with Maisy? 
Her? Never bring her up to me ever again! She lied to all of us, Samuel exclaimed. He hadn’t recovered fully from the shock 
How could someone be so shameless? He must’ve been blind. 
Kenny must’ve been blinder than he was. He’d even slept with Maisy. 
Blood had drained from Kenny’s face as he declared, ‘She’ll have nothing to do with the 
Williams family from today onward.” 
Peter was completely lost. He asked, “What’s going on?” 
Samuel could tell that Kenny was unwilling to speak another word about the topic. What happened with Maisy was clearly a huge blow to Kenny. He couldn’t accept it. 
Even Samuel couldn’t come to terms with the truth, let alone Kenny. His mind was still reeling from it. He’d been such an idiot all these years. 
He then recounted to Peter what had happened. 
When Peter learned of Maisy’s actions, his face fell. He complained, “When I knew that she’d gotten together with Kenny, I had a bad feeling about it. She probably wasn’t as innocent and kind as she seemed. However, never in my wildest dreams would I have expected her to be so shameless!” 
“She’s more than shameless! We’ve been utterly embarrassed by her and are definitely going viral now. I saw that many people were recording,” Samuel grumbled angrily. 
He’d thought that he would have a good chance in the entertainment industry. Samuel had planned to play the victim and apologize. Other than acting, he had no idea how to do anything else. 
Now, Maisy had gone crazy and dragged him down with her. 
He would probably never return to the entertainment industry. 
“You’re not allowed to see her ever again. Whether she lives or dies has nothing to do with us,” ordered Peter. 
Sadie was lying on the couch. Yet, she suddenly seemed to come to her senses. She 
turned to look at Samuel and Peter before saying, “I knew this would happen. Karma was bound to get us. We’ve made a huge mistake.” 
It started with her, then Jeffrey, and now Maisy. Soon, it would be the turn of her three sons. His future was extremely uncertain. It would only get more difficult from here. 
Karma was slapping them in the face! 
They frowned. Sadie must’ve gone out of her mind. What karma? 
The Williams family would be restored to their former glory. No one would be able to stop them. 
Maisy’s behavior went viral. 
When Maisy calmed down and reflected on her crazed actions, she panicked. 
When she eventually got a cab back home, she recalled how disdainfully Samuel and Kenny had glared at her. They’d said that they never wished to see her again. 
They wouldn’t even let her walk through the door. 
Only then did she realize that she was penniless. All the money in her account had been 
Used to pay of the Willamises debe 
ipod 
in her desperation, she thought of Janine Right, she still had her biological mother
###chapter448
Rapid knocking at Janine’s door woke her up. 
Janine tended to sleep early. She went to bed around eight every night. 
She was startled from her sleep by the knocks. Initially, she thought she’d been dreaming. 
Then, she put on a robe and went to the door. She looked out of the peephole, only to find Maisy standing outside. 
Janine was confused about why Maisy had turned up at this hour. 
She knew what had happened to the Williams family, Steven and Charles had told her some of it. In the past, she’d seen how Maisy and the Williamses had forced Skylar to resign. 
Janine frowned. 
Maisy begged through tears, “Mom, please open the door and let me in. I’m your daughter. Are you going to lock me out?” 
Janine only noticed Maisy’s messy hair and filthy clothes after hearing her requests. She was paler than a ghost. 
After a moment of hesitation, Janine opened the door. 
The second the door opened, Maisy barged in. She hugged Janine and cried, “I didn’t know where to go, Mom. The Williamses are bankrupt and they don’t want me anymore. In addition, they used all the funds in my account to pay their debts. I’m penniless now, I’ve only got you now.” 
Janine froze. However, she eventually hugged Maisy back. 
Janine’s expression turned somber when she thought of what Maisy had done. She said, ” You decided to stay with the Williamses instead of returning to us. They must’ve cast you out for a reason. You would be mistaken if you believe I’ll fall for your lies. There’s not enough space at home for you to stay, and we’re moving soon. 
“You’re over 20 years old. Skylar has gotten a job and has rented a house. You don’t have to seek me out. There’s not much love lost between us. 
She immediately pushed Maisy off her and out of her house. 
Maisy hadn’t expected Janine to be so heartless. She complained, “Are you going to watch me starve to death? I’m your daughter!” 
Skylar had been making money. So had Steven and Charles. They could just give her 
money to sustain her lavish lifestyle. Was it that hard? 
Wasn’t Janine nothing more than a hotel cleaner? They gave her thousands a month! 
How could they be so selfish? 
Janine scolded coldly, “You’re not disabled, and you’re unlikely to starve to death. Get a job and devote yourself to it. It’s not hard to provide for yourself.” 
Although she pitied Maisy, she couldn’t be selfish and invite this troublemaker back into her children’s lives just because of the pity she felt. 
Maisy was a dishonest and scheming woman. Jeffrey had raised her to be a horrible person. 
Maisy’s mouth fell open in surprise. She then screamed, “I’m the heiress to a powerful family, and I’m going to marry into a wealthy family to run the house. How could I possibly go to work? I will not be controlled by any of you!” 
The second she finished her declaration, the door slammed in her face. 
Maisy flew into a rage at the sight. She shouted, “Don’t you want to make the best choice for 
your future? Based on my beauty and my intelligence, there’s no doubt I’m going to marry rich. When that day comes, you’ll benefit from it. I’m only asking you to sacrifice a little bit to help me at my lowest. I’ve given you the chance to do so, yet none of you have valued it!” 
Janine listened as Maisy ranted. It was as though her moral compass was irreversibly broken, and it made Janine sigh. 
However, she rejoiced in the next moment that she’d made the right choice. 
Charles had sent her a video that was trending on social media. Everyone in Jipsburg City had seen it. 
Maisy was stripping like a mad woman. Her behavior made goosebumps rise all over Janine. 
###chapter449
“Mom, Kenny and the Williamses won’t let Maisy into their home anymore. Maisy might come home and cling to you. Don’t be fooled by her. If she comes home, she’ll bring nothing but trouble. We might meet a worse demise than the Williamses. 
“Besides, Maisy is an adult now. She should bear the consequences of her mistakes. We owe her nothing. Yet, she’s tried to take advantage of you multiple times,” Charles warned. 
He’d called her out of concern. 
Listening to Charles‘ analysis and description of the consequences of Maisy’s actions, Janine felt relief, and she calmed down even further. 
“Alright, I know what I should do. Don’t worry.” 
Charles was relieved. 
Steven had also called Janine. After his girlfriend told him about the viral video, he was extremely concerned about Janine. 
In the face of their similar worries, they called Skylar after hearing Janine’s guarantee. 
When they called, Skylar was immersed in the concert. 
Perhaps because of the perfect atmosphere and the passionate love songs reverberating in the stadium, all the couples present embraced each other. Skylar was also pulled into 
Joe’s arms. 
The two of them were just like every other regular couple out there. 
Skylar had stuffed her phone in her bag. She couldn’t hear a thing. 
When Steven and Charles called Skylar and received no response, they made several more 
calls. Yet Skylar still didn’t pick up, and they were horribly worried. 
“Skye isn’t being followed around by those assholes from the Williams family, is she? I’m worried, Steven. Do you know where she is? Go visit her if you’re free. I’ll be filming later. If I don’t get news from Skye, I probably won’t be able to get into character,” Charles said 
concernedly. 
Steven suddenly thought of Joe. Coincidentally, he had Joe’s number. When he called, no 
one picked up. 
He glanced at the clock. It was nine at night. 
At this time… 
They were an adult, married couple. Perhaps they were… 
Steven immediately halted his thoughts. He said calmly, ‘Don’t worry. You’ve seen how Skye treated the Williamses. She won’t be bullied by them. Put your worries away and get into character. Perhaps she’s showering or busy with her job now. Once she’s free, she’ll probably call back.” 
On second thought, Charles also thought he’d been too nervous about it. He replied, ” Alright.” 
Half an hour later, Skylar and Joe returned to their car. 
Skylar was humming as she reminisced on the beautiful concert atmosphere. 
Joe watched as Skylar revealed the little girl within her. He smiled and said, “We’ll come again if the organizer gifts more tickets.” 
Skylar nodded and exclaimed, “That’s great!” 
Suddenly, she realized that marrying Joe would allow her to enjoy benefits that she’d never experienced. For example, their tickets for the concert were the best in the entire stadium. They were definitely the most important guests present tonight. 
After getting into the car, Skylar pulled her phone out and realized that there were many missed calls from Steven and Charles. 
They’d called half an hour ago. 
She called back immediately. 
“Steven, I had my phone muted because I was watching a concert. I didn’t hear my phone ring.” 
Steven froze for a second before confirming, “You were at a concert?” 
Clearly, he’d overthought the situation. 
“Yeah, it’s that singer Jason Crouch,” Skylar said casually. However, because she’d been singing along, her throat was hoarse. 
Steven smiled and said, “Nothing much. The video of Maisy has been making rounds on the internet. You should be careful.” 
###chapter450
Maisy’s video bad gone viral so quickly? It hadn’t been a few hours since everything had 
After ending the call, Skylar called Charles. Both of her brothers were worried that the Williamses would harass her. 
Skylar seemed to be in a trance as she stared at her phone. 
When she came to her senses, she found Joe looking at her. 
Upon recalling they’d watched most of the concert in each other’s embrace, Skylar felt warmth tise in her heart. 
Joe asked coldly, “Do the Williamses still have the energy to cause trouble?” 
“The Williams family has fallen from their pedestal. They can’t accept reality. They did seek me out in the afternoon. However, they’re probably regretting it now.” Skylar told Joe of her schemes. 
She wasn’t an innocent little girl who was able to forgive the people who’d harmed her at the drop of a hat, let alone the Williamses. 
The money she’d spent hiring a private detective hadn’t gone down the drain. 
Joe gazed at Skylar and said, “Do whatever you want with them. If you’re too gentle with them, you won’t pose enough of a threat.” 
He still thought that Skylar was too kind. 
It was always best to be as ruthless as possible with people like these. After all, they had no moral standards. 
In the business world, there were a bunch of ridiculous merchants. Needless to say, many of them were more shameless than the Williams family. 
However, it would be wise not to tell her what ruthless tactics he’d employ. 
Skylar nodded, seemingly lost in thought. 
Joe stared at Skylar, whose emotions had clearly been affected by the Williamses. 
Lights shone into the car. As Joe started at Skylar’s gorgeous side profile, he suddenly realized something–her emotions affected his! 
Silence hung in the air as the two of them were lost in thought. 
In the dead of the night, Maisy returned to Elden Residence and banged on the door. She 
put her ego away and sobbed while begging for forgiveness. 
She attempted to shift the blame onto Skylar. She’d reused this tactic countless times. It worked every time. 
She cried while fibbing about how she was pregnant with Kenny’s child. Maisy claimed that 
she couldn’t control herself. She’d lost her mind. 
Kenny walked out. 
He closed the door tightly as though Maisy was something disgusting. He didn’t want her 
to get closer or stain their doorstep. 
“You’re pregnant with my child? Maisy, I hadn’t expected you to have the guts to say just 
about anything and lie about everything! 
“I can count on one hand the number of times we’ve done it. We used protection every single time. There’s no way you’re pregnant. If you are, it must be from some other guy! You’re sleeping with so many men. Ask them to take responsibility for the child. We’ll see who’s the father of that bastard in your womb!” 
Tears rolled down Maisy’s cheeks. She looked pitiful. Usually, it would inspire compassion in others. She used this tactic skillfully. She said, “Kenny, I’m your sister whom you’ve been pampering since childhood. Why don’t you believe me? Those videos are fake. All of them are fake. Kenny, don’t believe in them, alright? I’m not sleeping with anyone else. I only 
have you.” 
Her pitiful expression made it seem like she was telling the truth, as though the person blaming her was a lousy judge of character. 
It wasn’t that he was easily fooled. Kenny thought that Maisy was too good of an actress. He chuckled coldly, “Why should I believe you? Fuck off!” 
He kicked her, and Maisy collapsed onto the ground. 
Kenny slammed the door just as she tried to get up and explain herself. 
###chapter451
The door slammed shut without mercy, and Maisy knew the Williams family was done with her forever Gritting her teeth in hatred, she realized she had no choice but to leave. 
Her bank account was empty, and her PayPal held only a few thousand dollars. Together, it barely covered a single night in a decent suite. Maisy squatted by the roadside, watching the bustling crowds as tears streamed down her face. 
She’d called all her friends. Those who once claimed to be her closest confidantes hadn’t picked up, and some had even blocked her on WhatsApp. News about her was everywhere, and she was recognized wherever she went. 
Just then, her phone rang. Anxiously, she answered, thinking it was Kenny. 
“Maisy, you’re a bitch! Why don’t you just become a prostitute? Now that both the Williams and Yancey families have tossed you aside, you must be worse off than I am! Hahaha…” 
Christopher’s manic laughter echoed through the receiver. Rage filled Maisy’s eyes. ” Christopher!” 
“Give me back my money! I don’t care if you leaked those videos. I just want my money back!” Maisy pleaded. With money, she could undergo cosmetic surgery and start over. Regret gnawed at her for giving in to Christopher’s blackmail. 
A world away, on a beach in Korel City, Christopher sat unhinged, his gaze fixed on the vast ocean. “Having a rough time in Jipsburg, Maisy? Come to Korel City. I’ll give you money.” 
“Really?” Maisy was skeptical. 
“I figured it out. Since Skylar and I are done, and you’ve been cast out by the Williams 
family, we might as well stick together. I’ll take care of you,” Christopher’s tone softened 
unexpectedly, reminiscent of their secret past. 
After a day of scorn and rejection, Maisy was moved by his sudden kindness. “Yes, I’ll book 
the flight for you. Just come, Christopher said, his voice even gentler. 
Maisy bit her lip. “Alright, Christopher. I believe you. I’ll be with you.” 
Blinded by his fa?ade, Maisy couldn’t see the trap she was walking into. Her elaborate 
schemes to control Christopher had backfired spectacularly. 
A cold chuckle escaped Christopher’s lips as he ended the call. Skylar was gone, all 
because of Maisy. He’d make her pay. 
While Joe was showering, Skylar received a call from Alexander. 
“Skye, do you have a moment to help me with something?” 
Skylar, just finished showering and handling shop orders, replied, “Sure, Mr. Gardner Senior. I have time now.” 
Alexander quickly sent a photo of a bronze artifact. “I’ve authenticated many bronzes, but this one seems off. It’s not quite a fake, but not entirely genuine either,” he explained. 
Skylar zoomed in to examine the details. Her expression turned serious. “Mr. Gardner Senior, who brought you this bronze artifact for authentication?” 
“A friend recently acquired it abroad and wanted to verify its authenticity. It’s currently here at my place,” Alexander responded, sending more detailed photos for Skylar’s evaluation 
Skylar studied the pictures intently, oblivious to Joe emerging from the bathroom. 
Completely absorbed, she called Alexander back the moment she finished examining th photos. 
###chapter452
Skylar said, “Mr. Gardner Senior, this bronze artifact appears to be genuine, but…” 
Alexander’s tone grew serious as well. “But what?” 
“But it’s a funerary , and not just any kind. Please stay away from it and don’t touch it anymore!” 
Skylar’s urgency was evident. Sensing something unusual, she needed to see the artifact in person to identify its nature. 
Alexander readily agreed. Skylar tossed her phone aside and began searching for clothes with a sense of urgency. 
Joe, who had been nearby after showering, observed Skylar completely ignore him. Despite his imposing stature, she seemed oblivious to his presence. 
Having overheard the conversation, Joe grabbed his clothes and prepared to join her. 
Only then did Skylar register his presence. “I’m heading to Gardner Manor. It’s late, so you should rest. I might be back very late.” 
“I’m coming with you,” Joe declared firmly. 
Skylar nodded in agreement. They quickly changed, and Joe took the wheel of his limited- edition sports car. 
The late hour meant sparse traffic, allowing them to reach Gardner Manor in just 20 
minutes. 
Alexander, his face etched with growing concern, intently studied the bronze artifact. The longer he looked, the more unsettling it appeared. Skylar’s warning had instilled a sense of caution, and he hadn’t touched it since. 
Despite witnessing countless s throughout their lives, John and Caleb, accustomed to discerning authenticity, had never seen Alexander so troubled. 
Returning from outside, John noticed his father’s focused gaze and inquired curiously, ” Dad, is something wrong? Let me take a look.” 
He approached for a closer examination, but Alexander’s abrupt command, “Don’t touch it! “stopped him in his tracks. 
Unable to resist i die, taleh femmiked dryly, “Uncle John, even in sifting tiene quiser 20 despite my curiosity. 
Startled by the outburst, John shot a cold glance at Calet 
“We’ll wait for Skylar to arrive and have her examine it,” Alexander instructed. 
The recent influx of unusual items on the market, reminiscent of the porcelain Annabelle brought in for restoration, made Alexander wonder about their source. 
Squinting from a distance, John offered the obvious, “It’s definitely a bronze artifact. 
Though lacking natural talent, John’s upbringing had equipped him with basic knowledge, allowing him to occasionally impress his antique–collecting friends. 
“Do you need to point out the obvious?” Alexander retorted with a speechless look. 
John, wary of provoking Alexander’s fiery temper, refrained from arguing. He rubbed his nose, catching Caleb’s smirk. 
John countered defensively, “What are you laughing at? You spend all day with Skylar and haven’t learned a thing?” 
Caleb, unfazed, countered, “So what? You’re older and spend all your time with Grandpa, 
yet you haven’t learned much either.” 
John’s frustration simmered as he clenched his jaw. 
Accustomed to their bickering, Alexander, now solely focused on the artifact, lacked the 
energy to reprimand them. 
Just then, the maid announced Joe and Skylar’s arrival. A spark of interest ignited in 
Caleb’s eyes at the mention of Joe. 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>> 
###chapter453
ostently put two edge reening stront Joe’s chained from for sigler only behen n, gier cantort, Unged with a ticket of jealousy the quasoned whether 
Forte as rold and nullers as dos could be tender with anyone, 
Jos noticed Caleb’s sudden shift in demeanor. Fie nudged him and whispered, Jos’s possessive. If he finds out you have feelings for Skylar, how do you think he’ll deal with YOURS 
Caleb grimaced. “I know!” 
Since leaming of Skylar’s marriage to Joe, he’d forced himself to accept reality, relegating Skylar to the friend zone. 
Just then, Skylar and Joe entered. Alexander immediately beckoned Skylar over. “Skylar, come take a look at this bronze artifact.” 
Skylar approached quickly. “Sure.” 
Joe followed closely behind, his long strides quickly bridging the gap. He acknowledged John with a nod. They’d just crossed paths a couple of days prior. 
Friends since childhood, they understood each other implicitly. A silent exchange conveyed volumes. 
Skylar meticulously examined the artifact. The moment her hand touched it, a chilling sensation shot through her palm. 
Her face drained of color. Horrific scenes flashed in her mind. 
The artifact held human ashes–infants less than a month old. 
Skylar took a deep breath, comprehending the sinister essence of this . It could 
unknowingly sap the life force of anyone who came into contact with it. 
The accumulated resentment of countless souls, potent and malignant, lurked within. 
Concerned by Skylar’s pallor, Alexander furrowed his brow. He, too, sensed something 
amiss. 
“Skylar, is this similar to Frank’s traditional dress or the porcelain Annabelle got for 
restoration? Alexander asked, his voice trembling slightly. 
Skylar’s heart pounded as she tightly nodded. “Even worse. Has your friend aged rapidly lately? Bedridden, with doctors giving him only a few months left?” 
She wondered who could commit such atrocities and where they found these instruments 
of harm. 
Alexander’s face contorted. Skylar’s words hit the mark. He remained silent; his gaze 
fixated on the bronze artifact. After a difficult swallow, he finally conceded, “You’re right 
about that.” 
“That’s seriously messed up!” Caleb blurted out, utterly astonished. 
Seeing Skylar’s expertise for the first time, John shared his astonishment. He’d heard rumors about Skylar’s abilities from Rowan and Paul, but they had always seemed fantastical. He had assumed she knew little of fortune–telling and metaphysics. 
But now, John’s eyes darted from Skylar to Joe. His eyes widened as their eyes met. “Were you aware of how incredible your wife was from the start, or did you discover it along the way? Is that why you chose to marry her?” 
Joe was unfazed; his cool glance at John met with eyes full of silent questions. 
John cautiously backed away. Young as he was, he valued his life. He shuddered, grateful he hadn’t touched the cursed item. But Alexander’s prolonged exposure made him nervous. He turned to Skylar, his voice laced with concern, “Will this affect my dad?” 
Skylar furrowed her brow in thought. “It will have an impact.” 
Even indirectly, Alexander’s prolonged exposure to the artifact would undoubtedly take its 
toll. 
Chada para kyl get handing hen an armutet ‘Chandra Viets vs 36 
###chapter454
“Your friend has likely possessed the artifact for a while now,” Skylar explained gravely.” Unfortunately, it’s too late to save him. The artifact can only be destroyed after his passing. Destroying it now would be fatal.” 
She, too, desired to save him, but the window of opportunity had closed. His friend had unknowingly sacrificed himself through prolonged contact with the artifact. 
The weight of the situation pressed down on Alexander. With a heavy sigh, he conceded, ” Alright.” 
John, whispering to Joe, expressed his worry, “Aren’t you concerned about being affected?” 
Joe, ever nonchalant, replied coolly, “Worried? I’m with Skylar every day.” 
John internally cursed his question. Was it a subtle brag or a genuine expression of their relationship? Regardless, it was enviable. 
Recognizing the potential benefits of a good relationship with Skylar, John, a shrewd strategist, formulated a plan. He recalled Steven’s employment at a tech company he had invested in. Rumors of funding shortages reached his ears. 
John decided to call the company’s head honcho tomorrow. After all, building good relationships was always a wise investment for the future. 
Meanwhile, Alexander arranged for the artifact’s return and planned to visit his friend in the next couple of days. 
cwn if you carry it with you, it will help wand off the effects of this artifact datke sure y Apered the time in the sunlight the month, the influence of the brande gefact will bade within a month. Watch
your diet and try not to get sick 
Skylar possessed a stockpile of these amulets, courtesy of Viola. While Skylar could craft them herself, Viola had instructed her that creating them for others was restricted by certain conditions– she couldn’t create them for others unless the timing was right. 
After her rebirth, Skylar received a letter from Viola indicating that the time had come. However, hesitant to take unnecessary risks with Alexander, she opted to give him one of Viola’s pre–made amulets. 
John, rubbing his nose, hesitantly inquired, “What about us?” Though young, he wasn’t eager for a shortened lifespan or even a sniffle. 
Caleb, unconcerned, focused solely on Alexander’s well–being. 
Joe, a silent observer with one hand in his pocket, watched Skylar handle the situation. In these moments, she seemed to radiate an undeniable charm. 
Skylar addressed John’s concern. “Mr. Gardner, you’ll face minimal effects. Prioritize outdoor activities and rest well. Nightmares might occur occasionally, but they’re nothing serious. I can create amulets for you and Caleb.” 
Caleb puffed out his chest, a young man brimming with bravado. “Just nightmares? That’s a breeze! A man like me fears nothing!” 
His courage far surpassed John’s, who responded with a stern look. “This blockhead!” 
Skylar, relieved, retrieved two pre–made amulets from her bag. “Here, take these for now.” 
Turning to Alexander, she explained, “Mr. Gardner Senior, this artifact is attuned to its owner and must be returned.” 
“Return it?” Alexander’s brow furrowed. How could he return something that might cost his 
friend’s life? 
###chapter455
Skylar and Joe left the Gardner Manor together. Joe was silent on the way back, a stark contrast to their lively conversation on the way there. 
Skylar had been preoccupied since their arrival at the manor. It wasn’t until they were almost back at Galaxy Villa that she noticed the shift in Joe’s demeanor. 
She worried she might have unknowingly upset him during their visit. Joe’s behavior 
seemed increasingly erratic lately. 
“You…” Skylar started hesitantly, but Joe’s cold gaze cut her off. 
Did she only just realize he had been there with her? Joe decided to remind her pointedly. “I was with you at Gardner Manor. I stood just a few steps from that bronze artifact. While you fretted over John and Caleb and gave them your handmade amulets, did you even 
think of me?” 
If he hadn’t brought it up, she might not have realized it until they returned home. 
Was this what he was upset about? 
A soft chuckle escaped her lips. “There are still some of Grandma Viola’s amulets at home. They’re definitely more powerful than mine. I only brought one today because Grandma Viola didn’t make many. I didn’t want to give them all away, so I thought I’d give you one 
when we got home.” 
A fleeting thought crossed her mind–was Joe jealous? 
On second thought, that seemed unlikely. He was probably just wary of the artifact’s influence. After all, the unsettling nature of the could make anyone uneasy. 
A hint of a smile played on Joe’s lips. “I don’t want Grandma Viola’s. I want one you create.” 
Skylar was surprised. “Really? But mine might not be very effective.” 
She hadn’t tested them yet, and their success was uncertain. Only time would tell if they protected John and Caleb from nightmares. 
“Yes,” Joe simply replied. 
Skylar studied him with a curious glint in her eyes. “Alright, then I’ll make one for you when we get back.” 
Joe smiled and acknowledged her with a hum. 
The following day was Saturday. Skylar received a message from Caleb. He reported a restful sleep, free of nightmares. He woke up a little tired but managed to get an early start 
after breakfast. Even Alexander seemed relatively unaffected. 
Reassured by Caleb’s message, Skylar felt confident in her amulets‘ effectiveness. After replying, she turned to Joe, who had just finished washing up. “How did you sleep last night?” she inquired. 
Nightmares could be more than fleeting bad dreams. They could delve into your deepest fears, the ones you tried hardest to avoid. Fear was inevitable within the grip of a 
nightmare. 
Joe appeared well–rested and composed. His gaze held a knowing glint as he replied, “Not as good as the night you responded to my needs.” 
Skylar, momentarily speechless, managed a firm, “You know what I mean!” 
“Oh,” Joe said with a sly smile, “I slept quite comfortably.” 
Despite returning late the previous night, he’d still managed to maneuver her into bed. His 
hands roamed her body. Initially tired, her resistance crumbled as his touch grew more 
practiced. 
###chapter456
Skylar was used to Joe always having the upper hand in such matters. 
Just then, her phone buzzed. It was a message from Janine. She told Joe, “My mom requested that I return home because Steven will be bringing his girlfriend over, so I might 
be back late today.” 
It was quite unexpected. Just a few days ago, Steven mentioned his girlfriend was too busy, but today she suddenly found time. 
From the outset, Skylar had been curious about Steven’s girlfriend. 
Skylar had a free afternoon and planned to meet Natalie. When she found out about Austin’s movie premiere that day, Skylar eagerly accepted Natalie’s invitation to join them 
at the event. 
“It’s alright. I have a busy day ahead of me to,” Skylar replied. 
They both juggled demanding schedules. 
After breakfast, Skylar packed her things and headed out. Joe left about half an hour later. 
Skylar found herself at the grocery store an hour later. She stocked up on Janine and 
Steven’s favorite foods. 
She arrived early to help Janine prepare dinner. Janine, thrilled about Steven’s girlfriend 
coming over for the first time, insisted on making at least ten dishes. 
In their culture, ten symbolizes completeness and perfection. Janine hoped Steven’s 
girlfriend would have a positive impression of her future mother–in–law. 
Skylar worried Janine would overexert herself. Thankfully, they both knew their way around the kitchen–Skylar’s culinary skills were honed under Janine’s watchful eye. Working together, they managed to prepare all ten dishes before their guests arrived. 
Skylar finished setting the table and washed and sliced the fruit she’d bought. She also laid 
out some cookies, a treat most girls enjoyed. 
By the time she finished, it was almost time. As a knock echoed through the house, Skylar was in the kitchen, rinsing dishes. “Mom, I think that’s them at the door,” she called out to 
Janine: 
“I’ll get it!” Janine hurriedly changed into a new outfit and answered the door. She was 
more nervous than she’d been during her first meeting with Finn. 
Janine opened the door with a warm smile. 
“Hello, Mrs. Sullivan,” Annie greeted warmly. 
Steven, gesturing toward Annie, introduced his girlfriend to Janine. “Mom, this is my girlfriend, Annie Silver.” 
“Lovely to meet you, Annie. Please, come in and make yourself at home. Don’t be shy.” Janine invited her in hospitably. 
As Annie changed into slippers and stepped inside, she gave the house a quick but discreet scan. It was clean and tidy, just as Steven had mentioned. 
The table overflowing with food and the fruit and cookies on the coffee table spoke 
volumes about Janine’s efforts. 
A noise from the kitchen caught Annie’s attention. 
Steven followed her gaze and saw Skylar washing dishes. “That’s my sister, Skylar,” he said with a smile. 
Annie’s eyes flickered for a moment before she smiled and nodded in acknowledgment. 
Skylar finished washing the dishes, dried her hands, and took off her apron. Now that she was done with her chores, she could finally meet Steven’s girlfriend.” 
As she walked out of the kitchen, her smile faltered slightly when she saw Annie sitting with Steven. She couldn’t believe that Annie was Steven’s girlfriend. 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>> 
###chapter457
Annie and Skylar’s eyes met. Annie, composed and graceful, spoke with a hint of surprise. “Skylar, it’s really you!” 
“You two know each other?” Steven and Janine exclaimed in unison. 
“Imagine that! Downstairs, you mentioning your sister Skylar jogged my memory–l 
have a friend named Skylar too! We both did a double–take, wondering if it could be 
the same person. And guess what? Small world–it is!” 
Steven hadn’t expected this. “What a coincidence!” 
“Yeah, what a coincidence,” Janine chimed in, a wide smile on her face. It seemed 
like fate was bringing them together, destined to become family. 
Skylar quickly composed herself and nodded with a smile. “Indeed, it’s quite a 
coincidence.” 
However, a doubt lingered in her mind. Annie had recently been involved with Joe, even using tactics to separate her from him. Shortly after, she became Steven’s girlfriend. 
“So you’re the sister Steven talks about,” Annie said warmly. “He mentioned you’re brilliant, working on Mr. Gardner Senior’s team. I didn’t expect you to excel in both 
work and the kitchen! Did you prepare some of these dishes? I’m eager to try them.‘ 
It seemed like Annie and Skylar were getting along well. Steven was delighted to see 
them bonding. 
“Skylar’s a great cook,” Steven said. “Of course, Mom’s cooking is excellent too. Try everything and see if you can guess which dishes Skylar made.” 
“Sure,” Annie replied eagerly. 
Watching Steven and Annie together, Jannie’s eyes welled up. Steven would finally 
have someone to care for him. 
The atmosphere at the table was pleasant. Skylar maintained her smile throughout hiding any change in emotions from Janine and Steven. 
Only when everyone was nearly full did Janine ask, “Annie, how did you and Skylar 
meet?” 
Annie’s smile faltered slightly. “We met at a dinner party through a mutual friend. I remember thinking Skylar was stunning, like a celebrity. We’ve crossed paths a few times since then, but everyone’s been busy. Maybe we could meet more often in the future,” she added with a hint of anticipation. 
After Annie finished speaking, she exchanged a smile with Steven. Anyone could see that the two had a close relationship. 
“Ms. Silver, are you still working at the TV station?” Skylar asked casually, wiping her mouth with a napkin, her smile still devoid of any trace of uneasiness. 
Skylar knew about Joe’s anger and the resulting consequences for the Silver family. Things hadn’t been going well for them lately. 
Annie’s grip tightened on her cup. “My show was suspended for a while,” she said casually, picking up a piece of meat, “but I’ll be hosting a new program soon. Maybe I’ll interview elites from various fields, and Steven will definitely be the first guest.” 
As their eyes met, Steven’s were filled with youthful romantic affection. Annie seemed equally focused. 
Janine felt a touch of self–consciousness, thinking how wonderful young love was. 
“I see,” Skylar said, not pursuing the topic further. 
Though their relationship was new, Steven’s genuine affection and admiration for Annie were clear. Skylar, having never seen him so fond of a woman, couldn’t help but wonder why it had to be Annie. 
After dinner, Janine wouldn’t let Annie wash the dishes, it being her first visit. Skylar had volunteered, but Steven stopped her. He and Janine went to wash the dishes together, allowing Janine to ask about Annie, whom she very much approved of. 
###chapter458
Beautiful, polite, and graceful, Annie was the kind of woman anyone would like. It was clear, however, that Steven was particularly smitten. 
“She seems lovely, Steven,” Janine said quietly. “You have good taste.” 
Steven felt a slight blush creep up his neck. “She really is amazing.” 
Meeting Annie felt like a stroke of luck. They shared a wealth of common interests. 
Janine couldn’t contain her smile as she watched Steven praise Annie. “As long as you’re happy, Steven, so am I. If you two decide to get married, I’ll be your biggest 
supporter.” 
The conversation between Steven and Janine continued in the kitchen. Meanwhile, in the living room, Skylar sat on the couch, munching on a piece of fruit. Annie approached and settled beside her. 
Annie peeled a banana and took a bite. After a few more, she finally spoke. “Were you surprised to see me? I confess, I was too. It seems fate has a funny way of 
connecting us. 
Skylar offered a brief glance at Annie. Away from Janine and Steven’s watchful eyes, her smile faltered. Her response was a curt nod, devoid of enthusiasm. “Indeed, it 
seems so.” 
Annie couldn’t help but notice the coldness in Skylar’s voice, and a shadow of unease flickered across Annie’s face. 
Spending time with Joe had subtly changed Skylar. The way she spoke, the way she looked at people–there was a hint of Joe in her now. It wasn’t intentional, Annie was sure, but it caused a pang in her chest. 
“Isn’t there anything else you’d like to ask?” Annie pressed, surprised by Skylar’s apparent lack of curiosity 
From the beginning, Skylar hadn’t shown the slightest interest. A faint smile played on her lips. “There’s nothing I need to ask.” 
Even if Skylar did ask, Annie wouldn’t tell the truth. 
A sense of futility washed over Annie. She glanced toward the kitchen, smiling. ” Steven is wonderful. We’re truly in love.” 
“Congratulations,” Skylar replied with another nod. 
Annie frowned, unsure what was going on behind Skylar’s cool fa?ade. There was a 
hidden depth to her that Annie couldn’t quite grasp. 
Skylar should have confronted her to at least understand if her approach to Steven was deliberate and what her true motives were. Yet, she didn’t pry. It was as if she had no curiosity at all. This left
Annie completely bewildered. 
“Aren’t you curious?” Annie asked. 
Skylar let out a soft chuckle. “Curious about what? How you met Steven and fell for him? You already shared that during dinner. 
“Steven is undeniably a remarkable man and has always attracted admirers. He’s never lacked attention, even as a child. But what is it about him that draws you in specifically? That’s something only you can answer.” 
“What do you think my reasons are?” Annie countered quickly, displaying her honed hostess skills by pinpointing the crux of the matter. 
The smile on Skylar’s face faltered slightly. “Annie, intelligence can be a double- edged sword. My family is my priority. If someone approaches them with malicious intent or tries to cause them harm, they’ll deeply regret it. There won’t be a second 
chance.” 
Her cool gaze met Annie’s. She continued in the same calm tone, “Have you heard about the recent troubles plaguing the Williams family?” 
The mention of the Williams family almost caused the smile to disappear completely 
from Annie’s face. 
The Williams family’s scandalous affairs had become the talk of Jipsburg City. Everyone knew about it. In a short span, they had lost everything, their downfall fueled by a series of public scandals. It was clear–there was no coming back for them in Jipsburg. 
A sudden chill ran down Annie’s spine. She stared at Skylar’s composed profile as Skylar calmly continued eating her fruit. 
Enjoy Ad–Free R
###chapter459
Skylar’s phone rang at that moment. 
“Skye, you need to be here 30 minutes early!” Natalie’s voice came through the 
phone. 
Skylar checked the time and realized it was indeed getting late. She hurried to the 
kitchen and informed Janine and Steven that she was leaving to meet her friend. 
As she was leaving, she turned to Annie, who had been observing her intently. “See 
you another day, Ms. Silver,” Skylar said. “It was nice meeting you.” 
Steven, walking out of the kitchen, overheard Skylar’s words. He gazed at Annie with a tenderness in his eyes. “Skylar likes you, Annie, and so does my mom. I knew they 
would.” 
Annie seemed flustered. 
“Is everything alright? Are you tired?” Steven asked with concern, noticing her weary 
expression. 
Annie shook her head. “No, it’s nothing. I just didn’t sleep well last night.” 
“Was it because you were nervous about coming here?” Steven asked gently. 
Lost in thought, Annie offered a small nod. “Yes, I worried I wouldn’t be a good fit and that your family wouldn’t approve. Thankfully, they seem happy with me.” 
“Don’t worry,” Steven reassured her with genuine affection. “As long as I like you, my family will too.” 
Annie’s heart ached. If she hadn’t been in love with Joe for so long, she might have fallen for Steven. Over their time together, she had come to appreciate his considerate nature and his impressive integrity and capability. 
Suddenly, Skylar’s earlier words echoed in her mind. “The Williams family…” 
Considering Skylar’s connection to the Williams family, witnessing their downfall… 
Observing Annie’s discomfort, Steven paused for a moment before excusing himself 
to look for Janine. 
Annie didn’t catch their conversation, but Steven returned shortly afterward. 
“Let’s go. I’ll take you home so you can rest. You’ve got a busy schedule with the new show coming up. You need to be well–rested.” 
“Alright, I’ll just apologize to your mom.” 
“I already did. She understands. Let’s go.” 
“Okay.” 
On her way to the movie premiere event, Skylar stopped at a red light and sent Joe a voice message. “Are you busy right now?” 
Ten minutes went by without a response. It seemed Joe was busy. 
Skylar felt compelled to learn more about Annie from Joe. She doubted Annie truly liked Steven. If she did, she wouldn’t have been so eager to gauge Skylar’s opinion back at the house. And Annie’s expression wouldn’t have shifted so abruptly when Skylar mentioned the Williams family. 
If Annie genuinely cared for Steven, Skylar would be happy for them. However, if Annie intended to use Steven for some ulterior motive, Skylar wouldn’t allow it to 
happen. 
Soon, she arrived at the cinema for Austin’s movie premiere event. 
Natalie was waiting for her outside. She handed Skylar a ticket. “Let’s go! You’re 
going to be one of the first to see this movie. Aren’t I the best?” 
Skylar gave Natalie a thumbs up. “Of course, you’re my best friend.” 
“Haha! Absolutely! But hey have you lost weight recently? Are you secretly dieting?” Natalie teased, squinting playfully. 
###chapter460
Skylar had always been toned and curvy, but lately, she’d gotten even thinner. It was as if she’d defied the laws of physics, losing weight without sacrificing her figure. Her waist, especially, seemed impossibly defined. Yet, Skylar herself remained oblivious 
to the change. 
“Have I lost weight?” Skylar asked with a hint of surprise in her voice. 
“Have you been hitting the gym for your workouts?” Natalie asked enviously, eyeing Skylar’s figure. Her physique surpassed that of many female celebrities. No one 
could a candle to Skylar. 
“Absolutely not,” Skylar replied, her gaze flickering away. “The gym scene just isn’t for me, you know that.” 
Despite her denial, the truth was, she’d been working out every day. 
As they chatted and entered the cinema, Natalie shared her own news. “I’ve reconciled with Jeremy! He’s not as busy anymore and comes home every night. The problem is, I’m so swamped with work that I get home late.” 
This late schedule put a strain on their intimacy. Whenever Jeremy initiated anything, Natalie was simply too exhausted. The next morning, seeing his frustrated expression, she couldn’t help but feel a pang of guilt. 
“That’s good to hear! Did you clear up the misunderstanding?” Skylar asked. 
While she was happy for her friend, a nagging suspicion about Annabelle lingered in 
the back of her mind. 
“He did lie about something, but I don’t think it’s worth pursuing anymore. Maybe it was just an unintentional act on his part. I’ll wait for a more suitable time to ask him about it.” Natalie’s tone was casual, appearing unconcerned. 
Perhaps her busy schedule had dulled the impact of the lie. Or maybe it was simply a relief to have Jeremy home more often, a return to their old routine. 
Skylar didn’t press further. They found their seats as the movie began. Skylar 
became engrossed, while Natalie, prone to tears, sniffled throughout the emotional 
scenes. 
One scene in particular pushed Natalie over the edge. The male supporting character, after betraying the female lead, had the audacity to play innocent. Even when the truth came out, he tried to shift the blame onto her, accusing her of being 
petty and unreasonable for not forgiving him. 
He claimed his mistake was insignificant and “something every man did“. He’d even called off their wedding! 
Natalie found that character irresponsible. Sniffling back tears, Natalie vented to 
Skylar. “Ugh, some men are the worst! They cheat, then blame the woman? I’ve never 
seen such a despicable man! Wait. I’ve seen one. Christopher is just like him! 
“Skye, you need to set your sights higher. Just like when the male lead meets the female lead later, look at Mr. Powell–he’s so charming! The female lead deserves better, and so do you. 
“If I were the female lead, I would give that scumbag two hard slaps for sure. Knocking out a couple of teeth would really satisfy me,” Natalie said. 
Skylar chuckled softly. “Thanks, Nat. You’re right. I should set my sights higher.” In her heart, she’d already decided on a simple, peaceful life with Joe. That, she believed, was more than enough. 
Natalie beamed with pride. “That’s my girl! Strong and decisive!” 
Meanwhile, Joe had just finished a basketball game. As he wiped off the sweat, noticed a WhatsApp message on his phone. 
It was from Skylar. He paused, his attention focused on his phone. 
he 
Rowan walked over and saw Joe engrossed in his phone. Realizing Joe might be leaving, he immediately approached to remind him. “Aren’t we supposed to play a few more rounds today? No one leaves early. We finally got everyone together. Let’s play until we’ve had our fill. Joe, put your phone down. Even if someone offers you a multi–billion dollar contract, you still have to set it aside.” 
“I’m just replying to a message,” Joe curtly replied Rowan as he typed a reply to Skylar. “I was playing basketball. What’s up?” 
He sent it immediately, then regretted it. It sounded too cold. After a moment’s 
hesitation, he called Skylar. 
The phone rang for a long time, but Skylar didn’t answer. 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>> 
###chapter461
Joe realized Skylar was likely busy at the moment. 
“Hurry up! The game is starting,” Rowan urged. 
Someone nearby teased, “Only you would dare rush Joe like that.” 
“What’s the big deal? He’s not some monster. He’s not that scary,” Rowan retorted, unconcerned. 
Rowan had been observing Joe closely. Joe had not only read a WhatsApp message 
but also made a phone call. 
This behavior was unusual for Joe. It indicated he had deep feelings for Skylar. Joe 
had indeed fallen for Skylar. 
After returning home, Annie collapsed on the couch, closing her eyes for a much- needed rest. She massaged her temples, then grabbed her phone to search for news 
about the Williams family. 
Maisy was in a frenzy. Kenny had been publicly humiliated. Samuel faced rejection at 
every audition. 
Peter, too, was constantly denied job opportunities. Reporters hounded the Williams family daily, detailing their every move. After all, the downfall of a wealthy family was a story that captivated audiences. News this sensational was rare, and everyone 
wanted a piece of it. 
Annie hadn’t given it much thought before, but Skylar’s earlier words kept echoing in her mind now, causing a persistent headache. She couldn’t help but furrow her brow. 
Suddenly, her phone rang. It was Sabrina. 
“You said you had a plan to save our family. How’s it going? Your uncles are causing chaos at home every day. I can’t hold on much longer. 
“With the Williams family’s troubles, everyone says they offended Joe and that’s why they’ve fallen. Your uncles think our family will be next.” 
Sabrina’s words sent a wave of pallor over Annie’s face. She bit her lip hard. “Mom, we won’t be like the Williams family.” 
“Tell me your plan. What solution have you come up with? Have you figured out how to get Joe’s help?” 
Sabrina had become increasingly restless lately, especially after the Williams family’s incident and the worsening situation of their own. Sleep had become elusive. 
“I have a way to get Skylar to help me, but it will take some time. Please be patient, mom. We can’t rush this,” Annie reassured Sabrina. 
Despite her confident tone, Skylar’s earlier attitude had shaken her resolve. Once certain of her plan, Annie now found herself riddled with doubt. 
After a few more anxious questions from Sabrina, the call ended. 
Annie’s heart pounded, refusing to calm. The TV station had practically blacklisted her. The new show she’d mentioned to Steven and the others was a complete fabrication. There was no new program lined up for her. 
Time was running out for Annie. She needed to make a quick decision and marry Steven. Once she was family with Skylar, she could gain her trust. This was a step 
she had to take. 
Annie looked down at her phone, scrolling through her photo gallery until she found a picture of Joe. Her fingers hovered over the image, as if yearning to touch him through the screen. 
“Are you truly this heartless?” Annie whispered, her voice barely audible. 
Skylar and Natalie had plans to have dinner together. However, when Jeremy arrived to pick Natalie up, Skylar decided to avoid being a third wheel and parted ways with 
them. 
Skylar only remembered to check her phone on her way to the parking lot. An hour earlier, Joe had called her. She figured he must have seen her WhatsApp message. 
###chapter462
Skylar called Joe back, but he didn’t answer. Watching the traffic light turn red at the intersection, she smiled wryly at the coincidence—they’d missed each other’s calls. 
However, it was no big deal. They could just discuss it at home. Steven and Annie’s situation wouldn’t be resolved overnight anyway. 
Just as she entered Galaxy Villa, Joe’s call came in. “I was playing basketball,” Joe explained why he had missed her call. 
Skylar offered a slight nod. “No worries. It’s nothing urgent. I’ve just finished a movie. Enjoy your game. Are you coming home for dinner?” 
Joe paused before responding, “I’ll be having dinner with Rowan and the others. I’l 
be home late, so if you have anything important, call Paul.” 
“Got it,” Skylar replied. 
After ending the call, Skylar went upstairs to change her clothes. Then, she headed 
to the kitchen to make a simple pasta dish. 
Scrolling through Instagram, Natalie’s post of a candlelit dinner caught her eye. The 
romantic ambiance spoke volumes, even without Natalie or Jeremy in the picture. 
She realized her worries about them were unfounded. 
Next, she checked Annie’s profile. There were no recent updates. Just as she was 
about to exit, a new post appeared. 
It was a photo of two clasped hands with the caption, “I only wish for eternity in this 
life with you.” 
Skylar frowned. This would surely move Steven, a reflection of every girl’s dream. 
Annie knew how to capture a man’s heart. Steven, who had never been in love before, would be even more enraptured. 
Her public declaration on Instagram would surely strengthen his feelings. 
A sudden wave of disgust washed over Skylar, like an annoying fly buzzing around 
her. The delicious pasta before her lost its appeal. 
Annabelle had just returned from the private maternity hospital she’d chosen for complete privacy. She had undergone the examinations with peace of mind, 
knowing she wouldn’t encounter anyone she knew. 
Going for a prenatal check–up alone was hard enough, and it was even harder now that she couldn’t reach her child’s father. Jeremy remained unresponsive, neither answering calls nor replying to her WhatsApp messages. 
They had once been close and even shared intimacy, yet Jeremy could turn his back on her so easily. His heartlessness was infuriating. 
Pregnancy hormones likely amplified Annabelle’s emotions despite her well–laid plans diligently put into action. 
“Your indifference will be repaid doubly, Jeremy! One day, you’ll shower me with immense love. You’ll want to give me and our child the world,” Annabelle muttered, trying to calm herself. 
She picked up her phone and scrolled through her Instagram, where she saw Natalie’s post about a romantic candlelit dinner with Jeremy. Her face contorted with anger, and she nearly crushed her phone. 
“Natalie, what makes you deserve this? Jeremy is mine! I can give him what you can’t! 
The romantic setting screamed of Jeremy’s respect and affection for Natalie. She felt incredulous that Natalie had enjoyed it. 
Impatient, she opened Natalie’s chat and sent a message. 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
###chapter463
Annabelle texted Natalie, “You don’t understand Jeremy.” 
Annabelle believed that Natalie couldn’t even begin to comprehend Jeremy’s wild 
and unrestrained behavior in bed. 
After a romantic candlelit dinner, Natalie and Jeremy returned home. The moment 
they stepped inside, Jeremy seized Natalie in his arms for a deep kiss. 
Natalie sensed his urgency and reciprocated with equal fervor, turning to hug him 
back. 
“We should have a daughter, as beautiful as you are,” Jeremy murmured in her ear. 
“Or a son.” Natalie blushed. “A son just like you.” 
Jeremy gazed into her eyes, his usual enigmatic expression replaced with a look of pure adoration. Natalie loved him deeply and completely. 
“Honey, promise me you’ll never lie to me. If you ever stop loving me, just tell me. 
Don’t deceive me, okay?” 
His eyes darkened slightly. “Why are you saying this all of a sudden?” he inquired as 
he carried her upstairs. 
“The movie I watched today made me so mad!” Natalie exclaimed. “The husband cheated on his wife and then blamed her for everything. It was awful!” 
“Couples need honesty in their relationship, no matter what,” she continued. “We can work through anything together, but lying is a dealbreaker for me.” The movie had left a strong impression on her. 
She wanted Jeremy to explain his earlier lie. He could have been honest, even if he just wanted some alone time. 
Jeremy lowered his head and gazed deeply at Natalie. Finally, under Natalie’s expectant gaze, he said in a low voice, “Okay, I promise I won’t deceive you.” 
He silenced any further questions with another kiss, his expertise quickly leaving Natalie breathless. Despite her usual quick mood swings, she became lost in his 
embrace. 
Just as they reached the top of the stairs, a sharp ringtone pierced the air. It was 
Jeremy’s work phone. 
Natalie, catching her breath, said, “It must be important for your company to call so late. It’s probably work. You should answer it. I was just about to take a shower anyway. I’m covered in food and don’t exactly smell amazing.” 
The ringing stopped. 
Jeremy’s gaze intensified, his eyes holding hers captive. “I can’t wait,” he said huskily. 
Taking a deep breath, Natalie flushed as his stare a little too much to handle now. She knew he wasn’t lying; he was on the verge of losing control. 
As she reached for his neck, the phone blared back to life. 
If it weren’t urgent, they wouldn’t have called twice. Upon realizing that, Jeremy reached for his phone. “This had better be important.” 
“Mr. Hughes, there’s been a terrible accident!” a frantic voice reported. “One of our factories in Yley City had an incident. Five people are dead.” 
Jeremy sat up abruptly. “I’ll head to the company now.” 
Overhearing the conversation, Natalie couldn’t help but worry. “What happened?” 
Five deaths were a serious matter. 
“Don’t worry,” Jeremy soothed. “I’ll handle it. I might need to travel to Yley City for a few days.” 
Natalie nodded. “Okay, please be careful.” 
Jeremy ruffled her hair affectionately, humming in response. 
Natalie grabbed her phone and searched for news about the Yley City incident after Jeremy left, hoping to find something online. 
###chapter464
Natalie scoured the news for any media coverage of the factory incident. Finding none, she exhaled in relief. 
It seemed the local manager had acted swiftly to contain the issue, minimizing any major impact. With Jeremy on his way, things should be resolved quickly, and the 
families of the deceased would be cared for. 
Just as Natalie was about to put her phone down, she noticed an unread message on Instagram. It was from an unknown user she’d followed a few days ago. She’d forgotten entirely about following this person. 
She clicked on the message to read, “You don’t understand Jeremy.” 
Natalie wondered if this stranger knew Jeremy or was just pranking her with a fake 
account. “Who are you?” she replied. 
After sending the message, she put her phone aside, grabbed her loungewear, and 
headed for the bathroom. 
She felt a bit smelly and noticed food stains on her clothes. Moments ago, it seemed 
Jeremy didn’t care about such things before they were interrupted. 
Looking back at their intimate moment, Natalie blushed and lightly patted her 
cheeks. “It’s been a year since we got married. It’s not like we’re on our honeymoon. 
Why am I still feeling shy?” 
After showering and before bed, she checked her phone again. The sender of the 
cryptic message had not responded, and Natalie was perplexed. 
Just as she was about to delete the contact, a nagging feeling stopped her. This 
person might not be simply pranking her. Something felt off. 
In the end, she kept this person as her follower to find out their motive. 
Meanwhile, Annabelle was speeding toward the airport. A former colleague had told her about the incident at a factory in Yley City, where Jeremy had already gone. 
She wouldn’t likely catch the same flight. In the taxi, she smirked at the 
memory of 
Natalie’s message. “Want to know who I am?” she thought. “You’ll find out soon enough.” 
The situation seemed opportune, a chance encounter with Jeremy. This time, she would tell him about her pregnancy. 
An abortion was out of the question as she wouldn’t have another chance to 
conceive. She would make sure Jeremy stayed with her. 
Half–asleep, Skylar felt someone holding her. Out of habit, she snuggled closer. As she became more aware, she mumbled, “You’re back?” 
“Yeah, go back to sleep,” Joe replied softly. 
Exhausted, Skylar simply mumbled an “okay” and drifted back to sleep within 
seconds. 
Joe watched the woman nestled in his arms, his heart unexpectedly softening. Listening to her peaceful breaths, he, too, slowly fell asleep. 
When Joe woke up the next morning, he asked Skylar, “Did you want to tell me something yesterday?” 
Skylar woke up feeling refreshed, the previous day’s events almost forgotten. 
###chapter465
It was a weekend, and Skylar and Joe had some free time. 
Sitting back on the bed, Skylar thoughtfully asked, “You’ve known Annie for a long 
time. You surely must have some insight into her. Do you think she’s the type to 
quickly move on after being rejected?” 
She disliked Annie, but she believed that people could change. She didn’t want to 
hurt Steven. 
Joe raised an eyebrow. “Why the sudden interest in Annie?” 
Skylar playfully nudged him with a smile. “Just tell me.” 
Joe’s gaze deepened as he looked at her. After a moment, he said, “Annie uses any means necessary to achieve her goals. If she’s fixated on something, she won’t give up easily. Basically, unless someone has significant power or status, she won’t lose 
interest quickly.” 
The smile on Skylar’s face faded. Joe’s description perfectly matched her impression 
of Annie. 
It wasn’t that Steven wasn’t accomplished. He was at the top of his field. For Annie, however, it was more than just a person’s capabilities; it was also about family background. Otherwise, Annie wouldn’t have gone to such lengths to drive a wedge 
between Skylar and Joe. 
“There’s something you should know,” Skylar began. “Steven recently started dating someone. Yesterday, he brought her home, and guess who it was? Annie. I have a feeling she got close to Steven quickly and started a relationship with him to use him 
for something.” 
Joe’s expression darkened as he listened. 
“She’s become Steven’s girlfriend?” 
Skylar nodded. 
Joe scoffed. “Is this her roundabout way of achieving her goals? I’ll have Paul look 
into it.” 
Skylar was convinced Annie was trying to eyes 
be deceiving Steven,” she said. 
narrowed. “If that’s the case, she should Se Steven to achieve her goals. Her 
“I underestimated her,” Joe admitted, his voice icy. Many people had approached 
him with hidden agendas, and Annie was just one of them. 
Within a few hours, Paul reported back to Annie’s current situation. The TV station manager had heard rumors that the Silver family had offended the Martin family. 
As a consequence, they had begun to suppress Annie’s career. It wasn’t blatant; they simply found a convenient excuse to cancel her show. The program’s ratings were average, and the quality of her guests had declined recently. Therefore, the 
cancellation wouldn’t raise many eyebrows. 
The previous day, at Yancey Residence, Annie had claimed to be working on a new show, but it was a lie. The station hadn’t assigned her a new project, and she was on 
a break. 
As for her relationship with Steven, it seemed like a coincidence. There wasn’t any clear evidence of manipulation. It just appeared their relationship had progressed 
quickly. 
Paul concluded, “Ms. Sullivan, is it possible that Annie genuinely likes Steven? He’s been doing exceptionally well. I’ve heard that foreign companies are offering him lucrative deals.” 
Steven was very handsome. He was someone who could easily capture a woman’s 
heart. 
Skylar was silent for a few minutes. “I hope she truly likes Steven.” 
They couldn’t jump to conclusions. They would have to wait and see. 
Joe could sense Skylar’s concern. “If she has any ulterior motives, as long as she’s in Jipsburg, she’ll face consequences for her actions.” 
If Annie were targeting Skylar, he would ensure she paid the price for harming Skylar. 
The next day, as soon as Skylar arrived at work, Alexander called her into his office. 
“I’ve returned the items to my friend,” he began. “He confirmed they were purchased abroad, along with two other things. I didn’t bring them back, but I took some photos for you to see.” 
###chapter466
Skylar immediately examined the photos on Alexander’s phone. She scanned each photo meticulously, not letting a single detail escape her scrutiny. 
Anxiety gnawed at Alexander. He fretted that his friend’s purchases might be problematic, a potential financial and mortal blow. 
“Everything seems to be in order,” Skylar finally declared after a comprehensive 
examination. 
Relief washed over Alexander. “Thank goodness. I feared everything he bought 
overseas was compromised. Now I can finally relax. 
” 
He continued, “I’ve been following your advice to rest and be mindful of my diet. It 
hasn’t caused any problems at all. In fact, thanks to your Grandma Viola’s amulet, I’m 
even getting an extra hour of sleep each night.” C 
Skylar found comfort in his words. “If you’re feeling well, then the influence of the bronze artifact likely wasn’t as severe as I initially thought.” 
Without 
Alexander nodded fervently. “Thank heavens for you. your intervention and finding your Grandma Viola, I would’ve surely fallen for this trap again. It’s strange, 
though. 
“Over 30 years ago, something similar happened. After your Grandma Viola intervened, those tainted items vanished for years. Why are they resurfacing now?” 
As he spoke, his brows furrowed deeply. 
“Someone must be deliberately bringing these items into Jipsburg.” Skylar speculated, her expression serious. 
Alexander nodded thoughtfully. “You might be right. I’ll have someone look into this.” 
Skylar decided to grab a quiek lunch break at the mall across the street. The basement food court, a haven of diverse eateries, was perfect for a solo meal. 
She opted for fondue, a nostalgic treat that hadn’t lost its appeal. As she savored 
each bite, she felt a presence settle across from her. A glance revealed a uniformed delivery person, someone she paid little attention to as she continued enjoying her 
meal. 
However, the delivery person seemed fixated on her. Finally, their eyes met. 
Skylar’s expression darkened, a flicker of coldness crossing her features upon realizing it was Peter. 
She had encountered him numerous times before–always confident, arrogant, and dismissive. Yet, this Peter was different. His face was unshaven, his demeanor 
weary. 
For a moment, she questioned if it was truly him. But the intensity of his stare 
confirmed his identity. 
As Skylar scrutinized him, Peter was also studying her. Delivering takeout these past few days, he had even entered Gardner Group. There, he had overheard whispers of admiration for her, a stark contrast to the disdain he and his family had once held. 
As they mocked Skylar, she quietly earned the respect of others. Peter felt shame gnaw at him as he reflected on his past foolishness. 
After a moment of inner conflict, he broke the silence. “Does it make you happy to see me reduced to delivering food?” 
Peter was convinced he could easily find a new position with his experience as a former executive. But reality struck him hard; he faced rejection after rejection, shattering his pride. 
Kenny’s world crumbled with dwindling finances and a family constantly needing money. He drowned his sorrows in alcohol at home while Samuel desperately chased acting jobs. The burden of responsibility fell solely on Peter’s shoulders, and he couldn’t even afford a lawyer for his father. 
###chapter467
In the end, Peter was forced to work as a delivery person. He’d braced himself for Skylar’s mockery, but her surprise was fleeting. Her usual indifference quickly returned. 
Slylar flatly said, “I don’t enjoy kicking people when they’re down. While your past actions warrant it, I have no connection to you anymore. There’s no point.” 
News about the Williams family’s downfall had faded in recent days. The initial frenzy had died down. Soon, Jipsburg would likely forget the Williams Group’s collapse. 
However, Skylar found Maisy’s silence unusual. It was unlike her troublemaking nature. She wondered if Kenny or the others had done something to her. Was it possible that they had locked her up? 
Peter’s face grew even paler. “Can you forgive us for what happened?” 
He deflected blame on Maisy, claiming she was the instigator behind their mistreatment of Skylar. He believed that if they hadn’t wronged her, she wouldn’t be 
so distant now in the time of need. 
Regret gnawed at him. Knowing what he knew now, he would have gotten rid of Maisy from the start. 
Skylar smirked. “Do you think I should forgive you?” 
True to Peter’s nature, he thought appearing before her in a pitiful state would make her forgive him. Even now, Peter hadn’t shed his manipulative ways. 
“Everyone makes mistakes and gets deceived. Maisy misled us. If it weren’t for her, we wouldn’t have treated you that way,” he said. Peter was trying to shift the responsibility entirely onto Maisy. 
Skylar was amazed by his audacity. Even facing his downfall, he refused to take responsibility and tried to twist the narrative. 
As Skylar finished her fondue, she stood up and met Peter’s gaze indifferently. “Your words are meaningless. From now on, pretend you don’t know me. 
” 
212 
Peter’s desperation grew. He blocked her path. “Mom’s health is failing, Skylar. She constantly talks about you, regretting her actions. We all realize our mistakes. You can ignore us, but not your own mother.” 
The arrogant executive was gone, replaced by a desperate man pleading for 
forgiveness. 
Skylar’s patience was wearing thin. “Just spit it out. What do you really want?” 
She knew encountering Peter here was no coincidence. 
Peter hesitated, his eyes flickering. Before he could answer, a drunken Samuel 
stumbled over. 
“Peter, get on with it! She’s our sister! Ask her for the money already! We need it!” Samuel slurred, barely standing upright. 
Samuel was in an even worse state than Peter. Skylar couldn’t recognize him without 
a closer look. 
Samuel was still dressed in designer clothes, and his face was both pale and 
flushed. The paleness suggested a lack of rest, while the flush indicated he had been 
drinking. 
Peter took a deep breath. “I’m sorry to bother you like this, but Mom needs medication every day, and all our money is going toward paying off debts. We can’t afford her medicine. So, I hope you can lend us some money.” 
###chapter468
Fueled by alcohol, Samuel blurted out, “We know all about it. You earn a hefty sum every month from Mr. Gardner Senior, and word on the street is you’re quite capable. Besides, being Joe’s woman, lending us a few million bucks shouldn’t be a big deal.” 
Samuel used to be a big spender. Now, even a hundred dollars felt like a luxury. The frustration was gnawing at him. 
This wasn’t the life he envisioned. He couldn’t even land an audition for a supporting 
role. People he used to consider beneath him were now openly mocking him. 
Even directors who once fawned over him were criticizing his acting, saying he relied 
solely on his popularity and never bothered to hone his craft. Even extras were 
outperforming him now. 
Samuel had always been revered. Now, he was being ruthlessly ridiculed, and it was 
a bitter pill to swallow. 
He craved money; he needed a lot of them. He loathed taking the bus to commute. 
Skylar looked at the two men, her disgust unconcealed. “You haven’t changed a bit. 
Still shameless.” 
Samuel’s face burned even redder. He raised his voice. “We’re in this mess because 
of you! You could have helped us, gotten Joe to help us, but you just watched it all happen. This is all your fault, you know that?” 
He tried to intimidate her with his yelling, but Skylar saw through it. Samuel wasn’t 
drunk. He was putting on an act. 
Peter let Samuel indulge in his drunken theatrics. The truth was that Peter couldn’t handle the drastic change in their circumstances any better than Samuel. They used to be showered with praise wherever they went, but now, mockery followed them like 
a shadow. 
Peter thought delivering takeout was beneath him, a demeaning job. Both men had pinned all their hopes on Skylar. 
Peter and Samuel figured showing Skylar their dire situation would tug at her 
heartstrings and prompt her to help. After all, she used to be incredibly kind to them, always considerate of their feelings. Lately, they reminisced about her past kindness, their regret festering with each memory. 
“Go ahead and sue me. I’m ready whenever,” Skylar said flatly, pushing Samuel away. 
The food court was buzzing with activity, and everyone’s attention was on them. Some patrons were on the verge of intervening, ready to help the beautiful woman being harassed by a drunk and a delivery person. Others recognized Samuel and 
Peter. 
“Hey, aren’t those the rich young heirs who went bankrupt overnight? I heard rumors about the sister publicly stripping, and something about the eldest brother getting a little too close with her for comfort in front of everyone.” 
“Oh my god, it is them! I remember this just happened a few days ago. I can’t believe I’m seeing them here in person. Have they really fallen so far? And now they’re bothering some girl?” 
“If they still had their trust funds, maybe they’d get some attention from pretty ladies. But now, they’re nothing but has–beens!” 
“Yeah, look at them–one’s a drunk, and the other delivers takeout for a living.” 
A barrage of mocking comments rained down on Samuel and Peter, one after another. Their faces fell. Chasing Skylar for money was the least of their concerns now. They scurried out of the mall, utterly defeated. Outside, Samuel and Peter stood across the street, glaring at the Gardner Group building. 
“How do we get Skylar to give us the money willingly?” Samuel gritted his teeth. 
Peter took a deep breath. “She’s stubborn. She won’t give in willingly.” 
“We must find a way to make her willingly give us money. I’ll think about what to do,” Samuel said, his eyes hardening with a newfound resolve. 
They’d try a tougher tactic if being nice wouldn’t work. 
###chapter469
Samuel thought to himself, “Don’t blame me for being a ruthless brother, Skylar. You only have yourself to blame for being disobedient.” 
In Yley City, a relentless rain poured from late last night into the afternoon. Upon arrival, Jeremy immediately convened a meeting with the branch office staff to 
address the urgent situation. 
They swiftly reassured the families of the deceased. The follow–up work had to ensure that no flaws could be found. The factory accident required a comprehensive investigation, employing stringent methods from senior management down to the 
workers. 
The meeting stretched for eight grueling hours. By the time Jeremy finally allowed himself some rest at the hotel, it was already ten o’clock the next morning. Waking up later, he was surprised to find it was already 5:00 pm. 
Needing an update, Jeremy contacted the branch office personnel. He then placed a 
call to Natalie. 
“Things are being handled. We should have everything sorted out in the next couple of days. What are you up to?” Jeremy asked in a gentle tone. 
Listening to Jeremy reporting his itinerary and showing concern for her, Natalie felt like she was back in the early days of their relationship. She was filled with joy. “I’m on set. Mr. Powell had a few scenes today. Moreover, there was a commercial shoot. 
“Once I’m done, I’ll head home to rest. Take care of things over there, and I’ll be waiting for you to come back.” 
“Yeah, take care of yourself. Call me if you need anything,” Jeremy said before ending the call. He pressed a hand to his throbbing temple. 
An inexplicable sense of unease settled in his chest. Despite having settled everything and ensured Natalie wouldn’t discover the recent events, he still felt 
anxious. He wondered if it could be… 
Jeremy thought of the day he saw Austin. His intuition screamed that Austin was interested in Natalie. He needed to get her to resign as soon as possible. He hated this feeling of losing control. 
A knock at the door startled him. Glancing at the clock, he wondered if it was dinner. With long strides, he reached the door and opened it. 
Annabelle stood there, holding takeout from a restaurant. Her smile widened upon 
seeing him. “Mr. Hughes, I brought you dinner.” 
Jeremy’s expression darkened at the sight of Annabelle. His voice was laced with ice as he asked, “What are you doing here?” 
Annabelle’s smile almost faltered. She took a deep breath and quickly recomposed herself. “My hometown is Yley City. Did you forget, Mr. Hughes? I came back a few days ago. I heard some rumors and figured you might be here. 
“I remembered your preference for this hotel suite from our previous business trips here. So, I decided to take a chance. Don’t be so cold, please. I’ve really missed you during this time.” 
As she spoke, she closed the distance between them. The faint scent of her perfume, a seductive elixir, filled the air. 
Her eyes smoldered with unspoken desire, and her tight jeans and cropped top accentuated her figure, making her resemble a siren luring a sailor to his doom. 
“Don’t you miss me, Mr. Hughes?” 
Jeremy’s dark eyes deepened, the coldness replaced by a flicker of unwanted desire. Vivid memories of their recent encounters played in his mind. A sliver of vulnerability 
can talk.” 
softened his resolve. “Come in,” he conceded“,” 
Annabelle’s smile bloomed, “I knew you weren’t heartless, Mr. Hughes. I knew you still have feelings for me.” 
###chapter470
Two hours later, the wreckage of their passion was strewn across the suite. Clothes 
lay scattered in every corner, and the air hung heavy with a lingering musk. 
“Mr. Hughes,” Annabelle’s voice was a soft murmur laced with exhaustion. Would 
you like something to eat? I brought food from that delicious restaurant we visited 
before.” 
She knew her skills in the bedroom were undeniable. After all, Jeremy wouldn’t keep 
returning for more if they weren’t. 
Jeremy, a cigarette dangling from his lips, exhaled a plume of smoke that obscured his features. He didn’t respond, leaving Annabelle feeling increasingly uneasy. 
“Mr. Hughes?” Annabelle asked softly, her voice tinged with sweetness. 
Jeremy stubbed out his cigarette and glanced at Annabelle. “Have you gained 
weight recently?” 
Annabelle felt discouraged. She was always conscious of her figure. Even though she knew she was pregnant, she didn’t dare to overeat and continued to exercise 
daily. 
“Maybe it’s because I’ve been staying home and eating too much since I haven’t been working. Mr. Hughes, do you dislike me now? If you do, I’ll go on a diet.” 
Her belly had indeed grown a bit rounder. It was surprising that Jeremy noticed such 
a subtle change. 
Jeremy nodded slightly. Then, as if an afterthought, he added, “You don’t need to return to Jipsburg City. Stay here from now on.” 
Annabelle’s smile faltered, a flicker of something else crossing her expression. “Okay, 
she said simply. 
11 
After each encounter, he retreated back into his shell of indifference, ever wary of her clinging too tightly. His coldness was even more pronounced than she’d anticipated. 
“Mr. Hughes,” she pleaded, her voice thick with unshed tears, “could you at least let me know when you’re coming to Yley City? I could keep you company, just don’t shut me out. You know how much I love you, how sincere I am. Please.” 
Such a humble request was hard for any man to refuse. Jeremy lit another cigarette. 
He took a drag before finally saying, “Alright. Let’s eat.” 
Pushing her away, he wrapped a towel around his waist before striding out of bed. 
Annabelle followed suit and got up as well. 
They ate a few bites of the food Annabelle had brought. 
Afterward, Annabelle took a shower. She didn’t cling to Jeremy or ask for any 
promises. She simply left. 
Once Annabelle was gone, Jeremy called room service to clean the suite. 
The housekeeper, witnessing the disarrayed sheets, couldn’t help but scoff. “The rich sure know how to entertain themselves,” she muttered cynically. 
Annabelle, meanwhile, had checked into a different hotel. Despite Yley City being her hometown, she had no desire to return. It represented everything she was desperately trying to escape–the poverty, the dysfunction. Her sights were set on a different life far above her current station. There would be no going back, no falling 
back into the same trap. 
Sitting in her car, Annabelle couldn’t help but recall the night of her 18th birthday. Her stepfather, Mason Chavez, had brought her a birthday cake–a rare show of 
affection. 
Blinded by the gesture, she hadn’t been cautious. The cake, she later discovered, had been laced with drugs. While unconscious, Mason had raped her. 
Her mother, Raelyn Hernandez, knew what Mason had done and did nothing to stop it. She even said that since Annabelle was going to sleep with other men eventually, she might as well let Mason enjoy it first. 
###chapter471
Annabelle finally escaped that suffocating home when she went to college. She’d shed her past like worn–out skin, undergoing plastic surgery and changing her name. Every tie to her disgraceful history. was severed. She would never let anyone know about her disgraceful 
history. 
Annabelle exhaled deeply, pushing those memories aside. A dull ache pulsed in her lower abdomen, and a sheen of sweat formed on her forehead. The urgency sent her rushing to a nearby hospital. 
After a thorough examination, the doctor sternly advised her to avoid any more intense sexual intercourse. Annabelle felt fear wash over her at the doctor’s warning. She hadn’t realized the consequences 
could be so severe. 
One more round of such intense sexual intercourse, and she could risk losing the baby she was carrying. 
She needed this child to secure her status and marry into the Hughes. family, so she had to protect it at all costs. 
Sitting in her car, Annabelle suddenly remembered something. She found a photo of Jeremy that she had secretly captured at the hot spring resort. 
Jeremy had strictly forbidden her from taking pictures when they were together. This was likely to prevent any evidence of their relationship from reaching Natalie. 
He didn’t want any evidence of them together. 
She, however, had a weapon now. Not only did she have the photo, but also their chat records, which Jeremy might have deleted. These would be her tools against Natalie. 
“Baby, I won’t let you wait much longer,” she whispered. “Your father will give us both the status we deserve. 
“I will soon deal with the person who’s been hindering us, and your daddy will only love us. I told you, the troublemaker is nothing 
compared to me. Look at your daddy. 
“He can’t resist loving me. He just hasn’t realized it yet. Sometimes, habits are very powerful. He just thinks he loves Natalie.” 
After saying these words, Annabelle exhaled deeply. As the anger 
dissipated, she felt a sense of satisfaction. Then, she sent the photo 
to Natalie. 
Natalie was at a photoshoot studio, accompanying Austin for an 
advertisement shoot. Soft music played in the car. 
She hadn’t slept well the previous night, and as the car drove steadily, 
she began to feel drowsy. 
As soon as Natalie closed her eyes, Austin glanced over at her. A 
secret gnawed at his conscience since he discovered she was Jeremy’s wife. He recalled encountering Jeremy at a Yley City hotel, 
intimately embracing another woman. While he hadn’t paid much 
attention then, it was clear it wasn’t Natalie. 
They were intimate, embracing and kissing passionately before disappearing into the elevator. Austin, ever the gentleman, gave them 
privacy and entered later. 
Despite the evidence, Austin knew Jeremy cared for Natalie. But 
based on her reaction to the movie plot, it was clear she couldn’t 
tolerate betrayal. How would she react to the truth? 
A cough from Hank startled Austin out of his thoughts. Hank’s pointed look silenced the unspoken question. 
Hank whispered, “I told you that you had malicious intentions for her. Why don’t you admit it? Can you admit it now? If not, just let her go. 
“After all, she has a husband. If any scandal breaks out, you’ll be 
finished. Do you understand?” 
For ten years, Hank had prided himself on managing Austin’s career without a hitch. But recently, his intuition had been warning him that their well–behaved celebrity might be on the verge of
rebellion. 
###chapter472
Austin shot Hank a cold glance. “Stop with your crazy ideas.” 
“I’m watching you closely, Austin. You need to control yourself. If you can’t, I’ll find you a reliable girlfriend within the industry. You two can 
sign a fake relationship contract for a few months to stir up some 
publicity. 
“It would satisfy your needs and keep you out of trouble. Plenty of 
people have suggested this, and I think it’s time to consider it,” Hank 
said, already mentally selecting candidates. 
Austin’s expression darkened. “I don’t need that.” 
“Yes, you do!” Hank insisted. He had to keep a close eye on Austin. In his current position of fame and fortune, any scandal could be disastrous. Austin’s every move was scrutinized, with many waiting 
for him to slip up so they could tear him down. 
“If you make a move on your own, I’ll find another agent,” Austin 
stated firmly. 
Hank was momentarily speechless. He knew Austin’s personality well. From the beginning of his career, Austin had been determined and single–minded about his goals. 
But if he wasn’t interested, no one could force him. Acting was Austin’s passion, and he had devoted himself to his craft over the years. Unlike others who chased money on variety shows, Austin focused solely on his film work. 
He ignored offers from variety shows unless it was to collaborate 
with his crew for promotion. Occasionally, he would make guest appearances on a show or two. 
“Fine, but you absolutely have to control yourself!” Hank sighed, 
already anticipating problems. He might need to start planning damage control now. 
If Austin couldn’t control himself… 
2 
Hank was anxious. Jeremy was no ordinary person. In Jipsburg, few 
could rival him. The idea of Austin pursuing Jeremy’s wife was 
reckless, to say the least. 
They spoke in hushed tones, careful not to disturb Natalie, who 
remained blissfully unaware of their conversation. 
When they arrived at the studio, Natalie stirred awake. She was still 
groggy from her nap. 
“Sorry, I fell asleep.” She apologized when she saw Austin and Hank looking at her. 
“It’s alright,” Austin replied softly. 
Hank raised an eyebrow, noting Austin’s behavior. His previous 
assistants never received such considerate treatment. He could tell it 
all. He knew everything. 
Half an hour later, Austin changed his clothes and got ready for 
makeup before heading to the studio. 
While Austin was busy filming, Hank casually struck up a 
conversation with Natalie. “So, Natalie, did you and your husband fall 
in love naturally?” 
“Yes, we grew up together. We’re childhood sweethearts and plan to grow old together,” Natalie replied, her face filled with a joyful smile. 
Whenever she mentioned Jeremy, her eyes sparkled with a joy she 
didn’t notice. 
Hank glanced discreetly at Austin. “Childhood sweethearts, no 
wonder your bond is so strong.” 
“Well, it’s alright,” Natalie said, feeling shy about her relationship with 
Jeremy. 
Since getting into the car, she hadn’t checked her Instagram message 
on her phone. She had felt it buzzing while napping but hadn’t looked 
at it yet. 
Now, with a moment to spare, she pulled out her phone and saw new 
messages. She opened her Instagram chat to find a photo sent by the stranger who had only sent one message before and then 
disappeared. 
This time, there was only a photo–a picture of Jeremy in a hot spring. 
No one else was in the photo. 
Judging by the length of his hair, it seemed like it was taken recently. 
If Jeremy had gone to a hot spring, he would have taken her with him. 
But Natalie couldn’t remember any such trip. 
She zoomed in and saw the look of desire in Jeremy’s eyes. She 
froze. Being his wife, she knew exactly what that look meant. 
Afraid she might have misinterpreted, Natalie carefully examined the 
photo again. She was certain that she hadn’t been to that hot spring 
###chapter473
Jeremy had changed his hairstyle this year. It was shorter, making him look sharper and more intense. 
So, this photo was taken recently. The desire in Jeremy’s eyes hinted. at a longing, a yearning that seemed directed at someone specific. Natalie couldn’t help but wonder who had captivated his gaze. 
Natalie’s hand trembled as she held the phone. She wondered if she had been mistaken. After all, Jeremy was soaking in the hot spring. Perhaps just the steam had clouded his eyes. 
It was just a photo, but Natalie’s heart felt increasingly hollow as she 
gripped her phone tightly. 
Finally, she took a deep breath and texted, “What exactly do you 
want? Be direct. You have ten minutes to reply. If I don’t hear back, I’ll 
block you.” 
Hank didn’t notice Natalie’s change in demeanor. He was 
preoccupied with figuring out how to make Austin understand that 
Natalie’s relationship with Jeremy was inviolable. 
After finishing a shoot, Austin walked straight up to Natalie. “Why do you look so pale? Are you feeling unwell?” 
Natalie snapped out of her thoughts, realizing she was overthinking. With a smile, she said, “It’s nothing. I’m probably just still a bit sleepy.” 
“Go sleep in the car for a while, or go home and rest. I’m giving your 
the day off,” Austin said. His eyes filled with concern as he gazed at 
Natalie. 
He didn’t believe her excuse was as simple as lack of sleep. There must be another reason. 
Initially, Natalie wanted to refuse, but then she reconsidered. She 
really hadn’t slept well the previous night. “Oh, alright then. I’ll take the day off today. Thank you, Mr. Powell. I didn’t sleep well last night. I apologize for affecting today’s work.” 
“Go get some rest,” Austin said, nodding. 
As Natalie left, Hank turned to Austin. “Something’s off, really off. Austin, I just talked to her. She and her husband are childhood sweethearts. If you have any ideas, forget them.” 
Austin rolled his eyes at Hank. He was speechless. With everyone taking a break, he decided to confide in Hank about the recent events he had witnessed. If he didn’t, Hank would keep pestering him. 
Hank was dumbfounded. “What on earth? When Natalie talked about 
Jeremy, her eyes were filled with affection, impossible to conceal. That na?ve woman definitely doesn’t know, but she’s no match for 
Jeremy. 
“If Jeremy is deliberately deceiving her and keeping her in the dark, she’ll never find out, because she trusts Jeremy too much. No wonder 
you’ve always treated her differently. It turns out that you pity her. I’ve been overthinking.” 
Austin’s expression turned cold, but he remained silent. 
Meanwhile, Natalie hailed a cab and headed home. In the car, she checked the time. The ten– minute mark was approaching. 
Someone was clearly playing mind games with her. 
She hadn’t offended anyone recently, and her social circle was small. She wondered if it could be someone with a grudge against Jeremy. 
At the thought of that, Natalie promptly blocked the person. Soon, she 
arrived home. 
She took a shower and had a quick bite of a sandwich. She was so tired that she could barely keep her eyes open. 
Despite being only in her 20s, she couldn’t stay up late. 
Natalie was disappointed in herself. 
Skylar had just arrived at Galaxy Villa and was preparing dinner. 
Suddenly, her phone rang. It was Steven calling her. 
“Skye, I need to discuss something with you. Are you busy right now?” 
Skylar set down the vegetables she was about to wash. She replied, ” Not at all, Steven. What do you want to discuss with me?” 
###chapter474
Steven hesitantly began, his voice hinting at embarrassment. “I’m thinking of proposing to Annie. Do you have any good ideas?” 
Skylar furrowed her brows slightly. “Why the sudden urge to propose?” 
Skylar knew he was not usually one to act impulsively. After all, Steven had only been with Annie for a little over a month. They were still in the getting–to–know–each–other phase. 
Skylar wondered why Steven suddenly wanted to marry Annie. She pondered whether Steven really liked Annie that much. 
“It’s not sudden. I’ve been thinking about it a lot recently. Sometimes, relationships between a man and a woman are just that mysterious. At first, I couldn’t understand why you rushed into marriage with Joe, but now I think I do,” Steven explained. 
Skylar couldn’t manage a smile. She felt she had set a bad example 
for Steven. 
“Steven, our situations are different. Grandma Gloria arranged my marriage to Joe, so we married without any emotional foundation. Until now, we haven’t developed any feelings for each other. 
“We respect each other like roommates. It’s more like a respectful 
cohabitation, really. But you… I know you like Annie. But in my opinion, proposing now might be a bit premature. Don’t scare Ms. Silver away, okay?” 
Skylar carefully avoided saying anything negative about Annie or their relationship. She felt troubled. 
Unbeknownst to her, Joe was leaning against the kitchen door, listening to her description of their married life. His brows raised slightly as Skylar described their marriage as cohabitation. 
Skylar remained unaware of his presence. 
Regardless, Joe thought Skylar’s description was on point. He grimaced slightly, feeling a sudden wave of irritation. 
Skylar had her back to Joe as she continued her conversation with 
Steven on the phone. She was so engrossed and oblivious. 
Steven considered her words and realized that Skylar was right.” 
Alright, I’ll wait a bit longer to propose to her. Skye, Annie is the first 
woman I’ve really liked, so I don’t want to disappoint her.” 
Skylar replied, “Yeah, I know.” 
“She told me she used to like someone before, but he didn’t feel the 
same. She felt lost and even gave up on herself for a while. Then she 
met me, and she said she finally understood what true love is. Skye, I 
want to give her a special proposal. 
“I’ll start preparing, and I’ll propose to her when the time is right. Skye, you’re a woman, so you’d probably know what she’d like. Let me know if you have any ideas.” 
Steven was brimming with anticipation for the future, especially the prospect of spending his life with Annie. 
“Steven, have you met Ms. Silver’s family yet?” Skylar asked in a hushed voice. 
Given Annie’s background, the Silver family would never have agreed 
to her being with someone like Steven, who lacked a prominent family 
background. 
Steven paused for a moment. He realized he had overlooked this 
crucial point. “Not yet. Annie mentioned they’ve been busy lately. She plans to introduce me in a few days. 
“Alright then,” Skylar responded. She opted not to dwell further. 
After a few more brief exchanges, they ended their call. 
Skylar stood still for a moment, lost in thought. It wasn’t until she felt someone’s gaze on her that she turned around. 
Sure enough, Joe stood by the kitchen door. Skylar asked, “When did you get back?” She hadn’t heard a sound. 
“Just now,” Joe replied with a chilly tone. He exuded an icy demeanor. 
Then, he turned and walked away. 
Skylar was left puzzled by Joe’s behavior. She wondered who had upset him or if the strain from work had finally gotten to him. 
Just this morning, they parted amicably as they headed to work. They 
had even planned for dinner that night. 
Skylar dismissed her thoughts, thinking that it was pointless to guess his thoughts. She couldn’t figure them out anyway. She continued 
preparing dinner. 
Annie was a skilled host. She was highly adept in language. 
Annie had dropped various hints to Steven, so she was confident he 
. 
understood her meaning. She expected him to propose soon. 
44 
Annie wasn’t afraid of getting married. It was just that her parents 
would be difficult to deal with. 
Given her family’s current situation, she decided to wait and discuss it 
with her parents first. After all, even if she married, she could still get 
divorced. 
###chapter475
Marriage and divorce had become commonplace. A divorce wasn’t a 
big deal as long as it achieved a goal. 
With this in mind, Annie texted Steven a picture of a home interior. The picture showcased a cozy and family–oriented design. 
“If we ever have a place together, I hope it looks like this,” the text 
read. 
Steven might have been busy since he didn’t respond immediately. 
Annie put down her phone and walked over to the window, gazing at 
the view outside. 
Living in an upscale apartment, she enjoyed a spectacular view. She 
could see the distant river. 
She had bought this upscale apartment, thinking she and Joe could 
come here and sip red wine while admiring the scenery. It was 
incredibly romantic, especially during sunset. 
Unfortunately, that might never happen–unless Joe got tired of Skylar 
one day. 
Yesterday, she had a call with Rowan. Rowan told her that Joe was 
serious about Skylar. He had never seen Joe treat any woman the 
way he treated Skylar. 
Annie took a deep breath, trying to calm the jealousy rising in her 
heart. She also thought about the time she saw Skylar at Yancey 
Residence. Skylar was more composed than she had imagined. 
Even now, Skylar remained passive despite their past conflicts. Annie 
expected her to make moves, anything to stop Annie from being with 
Steven. 
“Skylar, what are you thinking?” Annie had been pondering this for 
days, yet she found no answer. 
No matter what Skylar was thinking, it wouldn’t change Annie’s 
decision. She was determined to marry Steven as soon as possible. 
Two days later, Skylar woke up sore all over. She couldn’t explain. Joe’s behavior the night before. He’d been much rougher than usual. 
Just as she tried to get up, a hand tightened on her waist, holding her 
firm. 
“Do you really think we’re just cohabiting?” Joe’s voice was deep and 
cold, with a hint of menace. 
Skylar was still half–asleep. She took a moment to process his words. Suddenly, she remembered their conversation during dinner last night. 
One of them had brought up their relationship dynamics, and she had candidly shared her thoughts. 
She had been drinking that night. Joe had brought home a bottle of red wine, and wary of her low tolerance, she had paced herself. Yet, her honesty had outpaced her inhibitions. 
But what she said was the truth! She said, “Isn’t that what we are?” 
Joe stared at her intensely; his lips pressed together. Then, he 
suddenly leaned in and kissed her hard. It was like a punishment. 
He didn’t let go for several minutes. Skylar was too shocked to move. 
Joe was acting very strange. 
“Do you really think cohabitants have sex almost every night?” Joe’s voice was hoarse and commanding, dripping with controlled desire. 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter476
“Aren’t we exactly that? Cohabitants? Or is there love between us? I 
thought you didn’t love me,” Skylar asked. 
Couldn’t he let go? 
100 
Joe clenched his jaw coldly. He asked, “What you’re trying to say now is that you don’t love me, right?” 
Skylar froze. After processing what he’d said, she looked down. 
They had been living together for months. Everything Joe had done 
for her had made her develop feelings for him. 
However, she knew that she couldn’t let her feelings show. It would 
break the promise they’d made. 
If he saw through her, their marriage would be awkward from that day 
onward. 
“Indeed, I don’t love you,” Skylar said. 
Joe frowned and threw Skylar’s hand away. He threatened, ” 
Remember what you’ve said today. You’d better not fall in love with 
1. me. If not…” 
Skylar looked up and asked, “If not what?” 
Would they obey the terms set out in their contract and get a divorce? 
In an instant, Joe was astounded by Skylar’s cruelty and ruthlessness. 
“Nothing much. Just remember what you’ve said today,” Joe said 
coldly. 
The sudden change in his personality made Skylar feel like she had been thrown into a cold abyss. There was no hint of the gentleness from when he’d tried to convince her to go for another round last night. 
Indeed, men behaved completely differently when in bed and out of it. 
It didn’t matter how gentle he was in bed or how deeply he gazed at her. It was all a sham. 
Skylar was relieved that she hadn’t revealed her feelings for him. If not, she would’ve been utterly embarrassed. 
Paul secretly called Skylar that afternoon. 
“Ms. Sullivan, Mr. Martin has been behaving like a devil incarnate all 
afternoon. Everyone is terrified. Since the start of the day, he has 
ordered a dozen people to work overtime. I’ll also need to work 
overtime tonight. What has happened to him at home? He was fine 
yesterday.” 
“Everything has been great at home. Nothing’s going on. Don’t 
overthink it,” Skylar said diffidently. Had Joe let his emotions get in 
the way of his work? 
On the way to work, she reflected on her conversation with Joe. 
In the end, she still couldn’t figure out why he was unhappy. She hadn’t forgotten their promise. Shouldn’t he be ecstatic? Why had it increased his fury? 
Chapte: 476 
Had he found out about her feelings for him and detected her lies? 
“Really?” asked Paul, not entirely convinced. 
However, if Skylar said nothing was going on, that must’ve been the truth. Perhaps he couldn’t get used to it because he’d gotten used to 
dealing with an easygoing Joe. 
On second thought, Joe seemed to have behaved that way for the 
past weeks. 
“Right, Ms. Sullivan. I’ve got something else to ask you,” Paul said. He’d remembered something. 
Skylar smiled and replied, “Alright, fire away.” 
Joe glanced at Paul, who was creeping back into the office after 
making a call. He asked, “Who were you calling?” 
“I was calling Ms. Sullivan. I had something to ask her,” replied Paul 
immediately. 
Joe was highly observant. 
Paul had only left for a few minutes, and Joe already knew what he’d 
snuck off to do. Joe glared at Paul and asked, “What did you want to 
ask her?” 
“I would like to gift a traditional dress to my mom. I don’t know which kind I should choose. I’m afraid I’m going to accidentally purchase a horrible traditional dress like the one Mr. Doherty Senior had fallen 
victim to.” 
Upon hearing Paul mention a traditional dress, he recalled when 
they’d gone to Frank’s house, and Skylar stumbled into his arms under the influence of the dress. He brightened up slightly and ordered,” When you’re picking out the dress, get one in Skylar’s size.” 
Paul’s eyes widened. He asked, “Would you like to see Ms. Sullivan in 
a traditional dress?” 
Was Joe into this sort of thing? 
###chapter477
Women were absolutely stunning in traditional dresses. Skylar had an excellent figure. She would definitely look gorgeous in them. 
Joe glared at him. 
Paul immediately shut up. He didn’t dare to continue guessing at 
Joe’s kinks. 
What did they say? One should never guess at their boss‘ 
preferences. It would only bring trouble and strife, regardless of 
whether one got them correct. 
An hour later, Skylar stood at the counter of the obstetrics hospital. 
She’d just finished paying the medical fee. 
She’d finished talking to Paul an hour ago and was about to start 
work. However, on the way out of the restroom, Skylar ran into her 
colleague, Raine Carpenter. She was curled into a ball on the floor 
with anguish written across her face. 
Barely two months had passed since Raine had gotten pregnant. 
Skylar immediately drove Raine to the hospital. 
On the way, Raine filled Skylar in. She’d only found out about her 
pregnancy two days ago. Her pregnancy hadn’t come easily. She’d 
only been blessed with success after years of trying. Raine was 
planning to finish the tasks at hand before applying for pregnancy leave. 
Chapte 4/7 
20 
She hadn’t expected that she’d have a stomachache today. In 
addition, it looked like she was about to start bleeding as well. 
Skylar didn’t dare to delay and drove to the hospital at full speed. 
Thankfully, she was sent to the hospital in time. Raine was 
hospitalized, and her family was contacted. They were making their 
way to the hospital. 
After paying, Skylar began heading upstairs to Raine’s ward. 
As she walked toward the elevator, she suddenly saw a familiar figure. 
Annabelle? 
They were at a private obstetrics hospital near their company. 
Annabelle’s presence meant that she was either pregnant or she was 
here with someone. 
Coincidentally, Annabelle was about to walk into the elevator. She 
was calling someone. 
“I’ve asked the doctor about it, and he said that he wouldn’t 
recommend a uterine tissue removal surgery for my condition. I have 
no choice but to deliver this child. If not… I’ll never be able to have 
children.” 
A pitiful woman would always inspire compassion in others. 
Many people turned to look at her. 
They seemed to be speculating on what kind of man could make a woman like her have his child willingly. In addition, it looked like he 
didn’t want her to give birth to it. 
Chapte: 477 
Skylar also needed to take the elevator. 
“I… I’ll talk to you about this when I get home, alright? As to the 
specifics, you can read the medical reports once they’re ready,” Anabelle said pitifully. 
Skylar raised an eyebrow.. 
She had walked too slowly and failed to get into the elevator. 
As the doors closed, she seemed to hear Annabelle say, “Mr. Hughes.” 
Skylar found this seductive voice familiar. She’d heard this voice saying that back in the hot spring resort. Skylar’s gaze darkened. 
Recently, Jasmine had seemed to be glowing. Her relationship with Jeremy was flourishing. However, Skylar had a bad feeling about it. 
Was Jeremy the “Mr. Hughes” that Anabelle kept mentioning? 
Many members of the Hughes family held important positions in the company. Perhaps she wasn’t referring to Jeremy. However, 
Annabelle was Jeremy’s secretary. 
Skylar arrived at Raine’s ward, lost in thought. 
When Raine saw Skylar, she began thanking her. “Skylar, thank you so much! If you hadn’t found me in the restroom and driven me to the hospital, I would’ve lost my child. 
“Now, you’re even helping me pay the medical bills, and handling the documents needed for my hospitalization. Thank you so much! How much have you paid? I’ll transfer the money to you.” 
###chapter478
Not only was Skylar good at her job, but she was also friendly and kind to the people around her. No one from Skylar’s team disliked her, and it was all because of her beauty, kindness, and capabilities. 
“You don’t need to pay me back so soon. Your health is more 
important than this. Rest well,” replied Skylar. 
Raine was moved. She exclaimed, “Skylar, you’re such a wonderful 
person.” 
They hadn’t chatted for long before Raine’s husband arrived. Skylar told him about Raine’s condition. Then, she left the hospital to get 
back to work. 
On the way back to the office, Raine had transferred money to her. She’d given Skylar an extra 500 dollars on top of her medical bills. Raine explained that the extra was for the petrol fees and for Skylar to get her car cleaned. 
Skylar arrived at the office half an hour later. As she was about to start work, Caleb sought her out to tell her that the woman who they’d 
refused was back. 
Skylar couldn’t recall who Caleb was referring to at the drop of a hat. 
She asked, “Who’s that?” 
People asked them to restore their artifacts on a near–daily basis. Of course, some of the antiques they brought couldn’t be restored, while others weren’t worth repairing. Naturally, they wouldn’t offer their services to these people. 
Caleb leaned over and said softly, “She’s the one who asked you to piece together the porcelain shards. She’d also tried to elicit sympathy from my grandfather and attempted to seduce him into 
agreeing to her whims. I forgot her name. You said the porcelain. she’d brought was a tainted item.” 
A tainted item? 
She’d only seen one recently–the porcelain Annabelle had asked them to repair. 
Skylar remembered every crack on the porcelain. 
Skylar asked, “Why is she here again? Does she have something else 
that she wants restored?” 
She was somewhat surprised, as she’d just run into Annabelle in the 
hospital. Who knew they’d be meeting again now? 
Annabelle missed seeing Skylar in the hospital as she had her back 
turned to her the entire time. 
Caleb snorted before saying, “She’s not coming to talk about 
something else. She’s still going on about the porcelain. However, the price she’s offering isn’t low this time.” 
He raised two fingers and said, “She’s offering two million.” 
Skylar’s expression turned somber. It looked like she valued the 
porcelain highly. She figured the porcelain must’ve helped Annabelle 
accomplish some of her goals. If not, she wouldn’t be so determined 
to get it fixed. 
Annabelle was a rare beauty. However, she tended to make the 
www 
people around her feel uncomfortable. 
“Grandpa refused her. However, she’s set on meeting you. Annabelle 
insisted that you might agree to help her for two million.” 
Skylar nodded and said, “Alright, I’ll go take a look.” 
The two of them headed to Alexander’s office. 
Alexander was sitting far away this time. He instructed Annabelle to 
place the luggage holding the porcelain pieces at the door. 
Anabelle was confused. Why did she feel like Alexander was 
disdainful of the antiques she’d brought? 
However, she’d heard that Alexander had a weird temper, and his behaviors seemed unexplainable by logic. She couldn’t see why he’d 
asked her to do so. 
She’d recently heard that one of Alexander’s students, Skylar Sullivan, had excellent restoration skills. She could hold a candle to young 
Alexander’s prowess. 
The last time she’d come, she’d underestimated Skylar. 
This time, she came with a simple goal–to offer a high price so Skylar would help her restore her porcelain. 
Annabelle believed that two million wasn’t a small sum for Skylar, who’d just entered the industry. Even if her porcelain pieces were almost too shattered for repair, Skylar would probably fix them up 
meticulously for the right price. 
Once Skylar walked in, Annabelle immediately turned toward Skylar 
and said, “Ms. Sullivan.” 
Skylar nodded in greeting to Annabelle before saying, “I know why you’re here, Ms. Green. My apologies, I can’t help you with it.” 
###chapter479
“Don’t turn me down just yet, Ms. Sullivan. I can add another million. to my offer so it totals three million. I hope you can restore my porcelain. With your capabilities, I have faith that you’ll be able to fix it. 
Although three million was a huge sum, Annabelle believed it would be worth it if she could achieve her goals. 
She recalled how she was on the verge of success. When Jeremy learned of her pregnancy in Yley City, he made her return to Jipsburg. Then, he forced her through a detailed examination to confirm when she was due before ordering her to get an abortion. 
Although Jeremy hadn’t been so mercilessly direct with her, Annabelle knew that Jeremy only wanted Natalie’s child. 
She also knew that Jeremy didn’t want her to give birth to their child. She didn’t have much time left, so she had to restore this porcelain vase as soon as possible. 
She thought Skylar would be moved by the three million she’d offered. However, Skylar merely stared coldly at her and stood her ground. She said, “I’m not going to change my answer even if you offered me ten 
million.” 
Annabelle’s expression changed into one of utter disbelief. She demanded, “Give me a reason!” 
She didn’t understand. She was giving her money, and Skylar didn’t even want it? 
Skylar thought too highly of herself. The price Annabelle was offering was multiple times the market price. 
“Why do we need to give you a reason? She just doesn’t want to help. you restore it. End of story,” Caleb stated. He then rolled his eyes with 
a cold chuckle. 
Didn’t she know what kind of horrible antique she was holding on to? How did she have the guts to ask why? 
Before leaving, Skylar changed her mind. She said, “Perhaps I can 
help you restore it if you tell me where you purchased it.” 
Many negative items have popped up recently. Skylar kept feeling like this wasn’t a coincidence. These s would bring misfortune to 
many people. 
Some people had no idea that the antiques they’d spent a fortune on were s that could harm or kill them. 
Annabelle’s gaze turned shifty as she avoided making eye contact with Skylar. She said, “Why are you asking? Whether you choose to accept my case has nothing to do with where I got my porcelain, right?” 
Alexander didn’t interrupt them as he’d guessed what Skylar was trying to do. He gave Caleb a look, indicating that he wasn’t allowed to say anything out of turn. 
“I also want to buy one. Is this reason enough? If you don’t want to tell me, that’s fine. I’ve been busy recently, and I don’t have time to restore your porcelain,” Skylar said tonelessly. 
She didn’t seem to be behaving any differently. 
Annabelle frowned and explained, “It’s not that I don’t want to tell you. I bought this on a whim when I was abroad. The seller told me that it’s my destiny to buy the porcelain vase. I have no idea who he even is, let alone his identity.” 
He’d warned her not to disclose anything about him to anyone. If not, 
she’d be screwed. 
Annabelle had gone through too much recently. She didn’t dare to 
take the risk. 
Skylar glanced at Annabelle thoughtfully and said, “Alright. Since you don’t want to tell me, I won’t force you to.” 
Skylar walked out immediately afterward. 
Since Annabelle was unwilling to come clean, she wouldn’t tell Skylar anything, no matter how much she asked. Perhaps she’d been threatened to keep her mouth shut. 
Skylar felt that Annabelle must’ve owned more than one negative 
item. 
Caleb followed Skylar out. 
Annabelle frowned. She turned back to Alexander and asked, “Can’t you help me, Mr. Gardner Senior? This porcelain vase is extremely important to me. If Skylar won’t do it, is there someone else in your team who can help me?” 
###chapter480
Alexander didn’t have a good impression of Annabelle. He could tell that Annabelle had used the porcelain to accomplish her goals. It explained why she was so determined to get it fixed and why she was 
willing to fork out a formidable amount of money for it. She wanted 
to use it again. 
How could he abet Annabelle’s evil plans? 
“No one in my team can help you,” stated Alexander coldly. 
His assistant said to Annabelle, “Ms. Green, let me show you out.” 
Annabelle angrily clenched her jaw as she stared at Alexander. He 
was cl 
chasing her out. Not only did he have an odd disposition, but so did everyone else on his team. After all, they’d refused her 
generous offer. 
In the end, she left in disappointment. 
Just as Annabelle left, Alexander called and said, “Use Annabelle as 
the starting point for your investigation.” 
Annabelle drove back home after leaving. A stack of medical reports. lay in her car, and uneasiness clogged her throat. 
She’d guessed early on that Jeremy would have her abort the baby. However, she hadn’t expected how firm he was on the topic. 
Ever since her porcelain vase shattered, she could feel him drawing away from her. 
23 
Annabelle would do everything to keep the child and make Jeremy 
stay with her. 
After she got home, she pulled out her phone and searched for 
Natalie’s contact information. However, she had gotten blocked, and 
her message couldn’t get through. 
The last message in their chat was from Natalie. She’d threatened to 
block Annabelle within the next ten minutes. 
Initially, Annabelle had thought that Natalie’s curiosity would prevail. 
Although she’d insisted that she’d block her, Annabelle believed that it was just an empty threat. Natalie wouldn’t do it for real. She hadn’t 
expected Natalie to follow through. 
She sent a friend request to Natalie using another account, along with 
a direct message. 
“Don’t you want to know Jeremy’s secret?” 
After sending it, she received no response from Natalie for a long 
time. 
“Does your lack of curiosity stem from your confidence that Jeremy would never cheat on you? Aren’t you a little too confident, Natalie? What’s so special about you that makes Jeremy save himself for you? Just because of the fact that the both of you were childhood friends? I’ve never heard a success story from any couple of this 
nature. 
“Just you wait. Once my belly grows, you can watch as your husband becomes the father of my child! We’ll see how confident you are then!” 
Jealousy enveloped Annabelle. 
An hour later, Jeremy arrived. The second he walked in, he said emotionlessly, “Give me the reports.” 
Annabelle passed him the reports with teary eyes while pleading, “Mr. Hughes, perhaps we are destined to keep the baby. After all, it’s a life. too. The one both of us made, no less. I never thought that we would 
have children. 
“I will still keep to the promises I made. I won’t bother you nor let the child disrupt your life. Please let me give birth to it. I promise I won’t let anyone know that it’s yours, alright?” 
Her every word radiated desperation. However, Jeremy’s expression only turned colder by the minute. He looked through the medical reports. He even read the doctor’s advice. 
“I’ve arranged for you to be taken for a re–examination to ensure that the baby will be aborted without causing harm to you,” said Jeremy. 
Considering Annabelle’s condition, a regular obstetrics hospital might not have been able to guarantee that the operation would go smoothly. However, he knew doctors who could. 
The color drained from Annabelle’s face. She asked, “Do you have to do that? The baby is a life too!” 
She clasped her hands over her abdomen while cold sweat beaded 
her forehead. 
###chapter481
Annabelle had underestimated Jeremy’s ruthlessness. 
With Jeremy’s network, he’d have no problems finding her a skilled doctor. The other doctors might not have dared operate on her, but the doctor Jeremy found would have no such qualms. 
Jeremy glared at Annabelle and said, “He’s not destined for me.” 
His children could only be from Natalie. 
Annabelle was terrified by the spark of cruelty in Jeremy’s eyes. She 
pressed, “Mr. Hughes, can’t you consider my suggestion? I can leave 
this country with the baby. Wouldn’t that be enough?” 
Was he just as cruel to Natalie? 
No. Annabelle had seen him calling and texting Natalie. He’d given all 
his gentleness to Natalie. He would never let her see the cruel side of 
him. 
Jeremy said coldly, “Someone will pick you up tomorrow morning.” 
Annabelle could only watch Jeremy leave. 
She saw two people downstairs. They were Jeremy’s bodyguards. They often attended important events with him. 
He’d sent bodyguards over. Was he scared that she’d leave tonight? 
Annabelle glanced at her phone. Natalie hadn’t replied. 
She used another account to request to follow Natalie. She sent a 
direct message saying, “Don’t you want to know what’s my 
relationship with Jeremy?” 
After Jeremy got into the car, he instructed his bodyguards, “Stay here 
to watch her tonight. I hope there won’t be any mishaps.” 
“Yes, Mr. Hughes.” 
On the way back home, Jeremy called Natalie. However, no one 
picked up. He called her two more times, yet she still didn’t respond. 
Was she busy? 
Jeremy threw his phone aside and massaged his temples. He regretted allowing Natalie to work. 
That Austin… 
He called a private investigator and asked, “How’s the investigation going?” 
“Mr. Hughes, I’ve finished the investigation. Austin is just a regular person. His parents died early on, and he has never been to university. This greatly affected his career in the beginning. However, he has won countless awards because of his excellent acting skills. 
“He’s got a great reputation in the entertainment industry. All the directors he’d worked with before tended to invite him to collaborate again, some of them multiple times. I’ve tried digging up dirt on him for multiple days but found nothing. 
“He’s never had a girlfriend before, nor did he receive help from powerful people. He’s the rare kind of actor who has got to where he is today by himself. As to his life, it’s a simple one. When he’s not acting, he travels and partakes in some extreme sports.” 
. 
He’d hired a private investigator, yet all he found out about Austin was 
positive. 
Austin was too clean. Uncomfortably so. 
As Jeremy was about to arrive home, he called Natalie again. No one picked up. 
Natalie only called back after Jeremy took a shower. 
“Honey, I’d accidentally put my phone on silent and was busy just now. It’s noisy on set and I wasn’t paying attention to my phone. I’ll be done in around half an hour.” 
Jeremy’s uneasiness calmed after hearing Natalie’s words. He said, Alright, I’ll be waiting for you at home.” 
“Yep! Wait for me. In the afternoon, I saw the chain bakery that you adore on the way to work. I’ll buy you the bread that you like so much, Isaid Natalie. Upon seeing the bakery, her mind jumped to Jeremy 
immediately. 
He said gently, “Yes, of course I will.” 
Natalie hung up cheerily. Her grin hadn’t even faded when she saw the requests on Instagram.
###chapter482
Natalie had blocked that person before. 
Initially, Natalie thought it was a prank, and the person wouldn’t do anything more after getting blocked. 
However, as she read the direct messages, the picture of Jeremy in the hot spring rushed to the forefront of her mind. 
She believed that the picture was completely fake. It must’ve been photoshopped. 
Natalie took a deep breath to clear her thoughts. She should not have been thinking about that. Ultimately, she decided to find out what the 
woman was playing at. 
Nothing happened after she added her. 
Natalie pushed it to the back of her mind and threw her phone into her bag. She hurried off to buy cakes and rushed home. 
At the same time, Annabelle fretted over the bodyguards downstairs. 
She needed to find a way to delay this. 
The child in her womb had to be kept at all costs. It was her last 
bargaining chip. 
If not, she would be done for tomorrow morning once Jeremy took her to the hospital. There would be no chance of keeping the baby. 
Annabelle took a shower. As she walked out of the bathroom, she 
scrolled through her phone.. 
Natalie had accepted her request. 
It looked like Natalie didn’t trust Jeremy that much after all. If not, she wouldn’t have accepted Annabelle’s request. 
Initially, Annabelle had planned to take it slow. A greater blow would be dealt to Natalie once Annabelle’s belly swelled in the later stages of pregnancy. When that happened, Jeremy would have no choice but to divorce Natalie and marry her instead. 
However, she’d acted too rashly and told him about her pregnancy before he left Yley City. Annabelle hadn’t managed to keep her 
composure. 
It could also be because of what the seller at Amazon had told her when she asked. It worried her. He’d said that even if she were pregnant, she wouldn’t deliver the baby successfully. 
She’d asked the person who’d helped her get to where she was today. He said that the future was written in her fate. However, there was a 70 percent chance that she wouldn’t be able to give birth to the child. The other 30 percent would be decided by destiny. 
at was w 
she’d jumped into action. However, she hadn’t expected that Jeremy would be so ruthless. If not for Natalie, Jeremy definitely wouldn’t have been so cruel. 
She walked to the window and glanced downstairs. She could not see the two bodyguards / but she knew that they hadn’t left. How could they? They were under Jeremy’s orders. 
Jeremy wanted her to get an abortion to prevent any future problems and so that Natalie would never know about the baby. 
Why could Natalie live such a peaceful life while she had to go through so much suffering? 
Annabelle reflected on her experiences. She thought of how Jeremy treated her as nothing more than a toy and how all her efforts were about to go to waste. Her jealousy of Natalie only grew the more she pondered on it. 
She took a few pictures of her ultrasound and sent them to Natalie with the caption, “Jeremy is the father of this child. Whenever he went on a business trip for the past few months, he spent time with me. Every time we did it, he went at me like a bull. I know you can’t satisfy him. Don’t interfere in my relationship, Natalie. The child and I are the most important people to Jeremy.” 
Annabelle curled into the couch. She wouldn’t be able to sleep tonight as she wanted to wait for Natalie’s response and watch her make her 
decision. 
Perhaps Natalie would seek her out. When that happened, everything would be exposed under the sún, and Annabelle wouldn’t need to continue slinking through the shadows. 
###chapter483
che 
Annabelle felt her heart squeeze when thought of Jeremy. She 
didn’t believe that Jeremy would truly cause her any harm. They 
would definitely get together once Natalie stopped standing as a 
barrier between them. 
As Natalie took the cab home, she stared at the two cakes in her lap. When she thought of Jeremy’s expression when he saw the cakes, she grinned slightly. She was going to pamper Jeremy to the fullest! 
Everything she’d owed him, she’d make it up to him tonight. The lingerie she’d stuffed into her wardrobe would definitely come in 
handy. 
At that moment, Natalie’s phone pinged in her hand. When she saw that her new follower had sent her a message, she felt an inexplicable uneasiness overcome her. Natalie’s finger hovered over the phone for a moment before finally unlocking it. 
The second she tapped into Instagram, she saw a few photos. Looking through them individually, she saw pictures of a prenatal medical report. The fetus was around ten weeks old. 
Why had she sent Natalie a prenatal report? 
When Natalie reached the end of the report, she felt as though she had been plunged into an icy pond. 
Her grip tightened around the phone as blood drained from her face. 
Jeremy had betrayed her by having an affair! 
Natalie screamed at the driver, “Stop the car!” 
He was dumbfounded. Then, he tried to confirm with Natalie, “Aren’t 
you going to the neighborhood over there? Why have you asked me to 
stop?” 
Only then did the driver realize that Natalie’s face was completely 
devoid of color. She looked as though her soul had left her body. He 
was concerned. Hadn’t she been ecstatic when she’d first gotten in? 
Natalie inhaled deeply and tried to maintain her composure as she 
instructed, “Head to the nearest hotel.” 
She couldn’t return home, nor could she face Jeremy after this. Natalie had no idea whether it was true. She had to face this calmly and allow herself to ponder it. This was because she’d realized Jeremy’s abnormal behavior in the past few months. 
At this moment, her head was occupied by the picture she’d seen of Jeremy in the hot spring. Lust brewed in his eyes as he looked at the person behind the camera. 
Her fingers trembled as she typed out a reply, “Who are you? How can you prove that you’re telling the truth?” 
Annabelle immediately replied, “You can come to Unit 2701, Block B, Moredom Complex, whenever you’re ready. If you’re afraid I have ulterior motives, you can take a friend with you. 
“Also, Jeremy has just found out about my pregnancy, and he’s scared that I’ll run away. He has asked his bodyguards to stand guard under my house. You’ll see them when you arrive. 
“I can’t allow myself to continue being his mistress, nor will I let my baby become his bastard child. He’s afraid that I’ll get an abortion.” 
Every word Natalie read seemed to stab at her heart. Tears streamed down her face uncontrollably. At last, logic took over her, and she called Skylar. 
When Skylar’s phone rang, she was about to shower. 
Coincidentally, Joe had yet to come home. He had business to attend. to. Skylar immediately got dressed and ran downstairs. She drove to 
the hotel Natalie was staying at. 
The streets weren’t congested at this hour. Skylar sped straight 
toward the hotel. 
Just as Skylar was about to knock on Natalie’s door, Natalie threw it open and hugged her tightly. 
“Skylar, what do I do now? I never imagined that he would betray me in my wildest dreams. I merely thought that the passion between us had faded and we had to adjust to each other’s daily habits. I would never have expected him to have an affair!” 
###chapter484
Skylar’s expression turned serious when she heard that Jeremy was having an affair. She gently suggested, “Let’s calm down. I bought two cups of your favorite milkshakes on the way here. Let’s sip at it and relax for a bit. Then, why don’t you tell me how you determined that he’s cheating on you?” 
As Natalie listened to Skylar console her, she gradually settled down. 
After shutting the door, they curled up on the couch. 
Skylar patiently waited for Natalie. At the same time, she recalled Annabelle’s utterings of “Mr. Hughes “. Were they the same person 
after all? 
An hour passed, yet Natalie still hadn’t reached home. Jeremy’s heart pounded in trepidation. He had called Natalie multiple times, but she 
didn’t pick up. 
In the end, Jeremy found Hank’s number and called him to ask about Natalie’s whereabouts. However, he said that Natalie had left long 
ago. 
Hank had no reason to lie to him about whether Natalie had left or 
not. 
Why wasn’t Natalie home yet? 
Jeremy clenched his jaw and made a call. He ordered, “Find my wife.” 
He pulled a cigarette out. Smoke wafted in the air around him as he frowned deeply. He understood Natalie more than anyone else in the 
world. She wouldn’t disappear for no reason without telling him why. 
Even when she tried to surprise him, she’d hurry back in anticipation 
to do so. 
Two hours had passed since their last phone call. 
Horror crept over Jeremy. He called his men and ordered, “Check 
whether there’s been any accidents tonight.” 
Jeremy stewed in regret. He should’ve picked Natalie up personally or 
had his driver fetch her. The cab drivers of Jipsburg drove too quickly 
and never obeyed traffic rules when they were out of sight of 
surveillance cameras. 
“Natalie, you have to be alright!” 
While Jeremy was trying to find Natalie, Skylar managed to calm Natalie down. She combed through the messages for clues. 
The profile picture looked familiar to her due to the eye–catching jewelry adorning the hand in the photo. 
However, Skylar’s attention was taken by the messages, the prenatal 
medical reports, and the hospital where the examination was 
performed. 
Skylar also noticed how the sender bragged to Natalie. Her every 
sentence seemed to be a declaration of war. 
Natalie took a gigantic gulp of her milkshake. Perhaps the sweetness 
of the milkshake comforted her as her breathing became easier. She 
seemed less gloomy. 
“Her time of pregnancy coincides with the period when Jeremy went on business trips every few weeks. Back then, I rarely saw him. We only saw each other once or twice a month. Jeremy seemed to distance himself from me and wouldn’t even text me for weeks. 
“Skylar, I know she’s telling the truth. Jeremy has cheated on me.” 
Skylar enlarged one of the ultrasounds and saw the hospital name in the corner. She said solemnly, “If Jeremy has cheated, his mistress would probably be Annabelle.” 
Natalie was dumbfounded. She repeated incredulously, “Annabelle?” 
Jeremy’s secretary with that smoking hot figure? The one she 
thought wouldn’t be Jeremy’s type at all? 
Natalie felt as though the blood in her veins had frozen. Did this 
mean that Annabelle had gone on set to see her? She hadn’t gone there to see her favorite actor. 
“That… That explains the jealousy and scrutiny in her eyes the last 
time we met.” 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward 
###chapter485
When Natalie thought of the fact that Jeremy had cheated on her with his coworker, she felt her heart squeeze painfully. She cried, “How… How many people has he cheated on me with? How long has he been keeping me in the dark? 
“He keeps telling me he loves me, but how many women have heard that from him? Skylar… Skylar, have I been living in a lie?” 
Was her happiness nothing more than an illusion? 
Using lies, the man she loved wholeheartedly had built her a perfect marriage before trapping her in his cage. 
“I thought I’d encountered a love straight out of a fairy tale. It was sacred and beautiful. We would stay loyal to each other until the end of time. No matter what temptations we faced, our hearts would always belong to one another. In the end, these were merely my one–sided fantasies.” 
Natalie’s breathing labored as her heart constricted. 
Skylar hugged Natalie and said, “That’s just what she’s saying. We can’t confirm the truthfulness of her statements.” 
After all, she couldn’t be sure that Annabelle’s “Mr. Hughes” referred to Jeremy. Skylar running into Annabelle in the hospital couldn’t prove anything either. She hoped Natalie wouldn’t need to face such a cruel reality. 
“I know I can’t find him guilty just yet. Yet… Skylar, come with me to her house. Even if I’m sure it’s Annabelle, I need to see it with my own eyes,” said Natalie. She’d come to a difficult conclusion. 
“Alright.” 
An hour later, Natalie called. She said, “Honey, something has happened to my friend. Her husband cheated on her and she’s devastated. Skylar and I are going to stay with her tonight to help her deal with this. I won’t be coming home tonight.” 
Natalie mustered up all her self–control to ensure she sounded normal. 
Only Natalie knew that she was giving Jeremy a signal. As long as Jeremy came clean before the truth came to light, she wouldn’t loathe him. They’d grown up with each other. She didn’t want to sever ties with him for this. 
However, Jeremy merely exhaled. After a moment of silence, he asked, “Were you with your friend for the past three hours?” 
He’d just received a call informing him that there had been no car accidents. For a moment, he was terrified that Natalie had been kidnapped. Thankfully, she was alright. 
However, she’d become less obedient recently and had begun ignoring him. Even if it was an emergency, she should’ve called him to inform him of her whereabouts. 
Natalie was an extrovert. Skylar wasn’t her only friend, so it was normal for her to head over to console her friend. 
“I’m sorry, honey. I’ve got to go. I need to console her now,” Natalie said. She was terrified that she’d reveal her emotions, so she dared not continue the conversation. 
Jeremy hummed in acknowledgment and ended the call. He then made another call and said, “Stop the 
investigations.” 
He pulled a cigarette out and inhaled slowly. It was almost midnight. Natalie would be sleepy by now. 
Jeremy squeezed his cigarette. Her story about her friend being cheated on felt like mockery. He couldn’t bear to think about how she would react if she discovered his betrayal. 
His heart sank. 
Jeremy then made a phone call to Joe, who’d just gotten home. 
Originally, Joe had planned to take a shower and get a good night’s sleep with Skylar in his arms. However, he came home to an empty bed. 
Why would Jeremy be calling him at this hour? 
Joe asked, “What’s up?” 
###chapter486
Jeremy stubbed out his cigarette and asked, “Is Skylar with you?” 
Joe raised an eyebrow and asked, “Why are you looking for my wife all of a sudden?” 
Joe began scouring Galaxy Villa for Skylar. He looked upstairs and downstairs to no avail. 
“I wanted to ask her whether she knew anything about Natalie,” said Jeremy. 
Joe asked, “Your wife?” 
“Yeah. She didn’t come home tonight.” 
“What a coincidence. My wife didn’t come home too.” 
Silence fell between them. 
The suspicion that Jeremy had been nursing disappeared. It looked like Natalie hadn’t been lying to him, and she was accompanying a friend with Skylar. 
“You’re behaving weirdly. You’re here to confirm something you already know, aren’t you? Has your wife found out about your affair with that secretary of yours?” 
Since discovering that Jeremy had gotten together with Annabelle, Joe believed the affair would soon get out of hand. 
There were few to no secrets in their circle. Many people would pretend they knew nothing about it, and the aristocrats in their forced marriages would look the other way. 
However, Jeremy and Natalie were different. 
After a moment of silence, Jeremy said, “She’ll never find out. That secretary was nothing more than an accident.” 
He would settle it tomorrow morning. Jeremy would never let Natalie find out, and such uncontrollable things would never happen again. 
Joe hummed in acknowledgment and said, “Alright, I’m hanging up now.” 
Following that, Joe called Skylar. After a few rings, she picked up. He asked, “Why aren’t you at home?” 
Skylar was sitting on the couch. Natalie felt that her crying had made her too unkempt and ugly, so she headed off to shower. 
Yet, Skylar had gotten a call from Joe. She’d pushed Joe to the back of her mind due to her focus on consoling Natalie. Skylar had forgotten to tell him she was busy tonight and wouldn’t be going home. 
When she thought of the relationship between Joe and Jeremy, Skylar chose to keep the details to herself. She chose the same excuse as Natalie. 
“We’re with a friend who has run into a bit of trouble. We won’t be going home tonight.” 
Joe’s expression changed, but he did not enquire any further. He simply said, “Alright.” 
After their call, Joe lay in bed and closed his eyes, trying to fall asleep. However, the more he tried, the more awake he felt. Suddenly, he sat up in bed with a frown. 
Where did Skylar’s friends come from? She would rather sleep with her friend than him? 
The air around Joe seemed to freeze. Ruthlessness took over his features. 
However, once he calmed down, Joe furrowed his eyebrows. He suddenly realized that his attachment to Skylar had spiraled out of control. Had he fallen for her 
He immediately rejected that idea. He liked having sex with Skylar and depended on the good sleep and stable emotions that Skylar afforded him when they were together. It had nothing to do with romantic love. After all, Skylar didn’t like him either, right? 
When Joe realized that his emotions were getting affected by Skylar yet again, his expression turned serious. He got up and strode into the study. It was a good time for a few virtual conference calls. 
Annabelle scrolled through her phone. Natalie seemed to have disappeared after Annabelle had given her address. 
If Natalie threw a tantrum, Jeremy would’ve sought her out by now. Natalie might’ve come over to find! out whether she was telling the truth. However, none of that had happened. What was Natalie thinking? 
###chapter487
Annabelle’s faith in her plan wavered. 
Was Natalie planning to pretend she had no idea about Jeremy’s affair? Did she not care that someone else was about to give birth to Jeremy’s child? Or did Natalie think that everything she said was false? 
It looked like she had to offer some concrete evidence 
She pulled her other phone out. 
She’d always carried two phones with her. However, she’d never let Jeremy find out. She did this to compile evidence of their affair. 
Inside the phone, there were pictures and videos of them in bed. Anabelle had taken them secretly. It was a pity that they were somewhat blurry. When she was taking them, she was terrified that Jeremy would catch her in the act. 
Most of them were too dark. Annabelle looked through her gallery and found none would fit her purpose. Thus, she chose a video instead. Even if Natalie wanted to pretend otherwise, she’d lose her sanity upon watching it, wouldn’t she? 
Annabelle believed that Natalie wouldn’t have seen Jeremy on such a rampage before. 
“Don’t let me down, Natalie. I’ve always believed that we were different. If you can continue to stay with Jeremy after this video, it would mean that you’re obsessed with the privilege being his wife affords you 
After Natalie had taken a shower, she felt energized and calmer. 
Looking at Skylar, who was waiting for her on the couch, Natalie felt slightly apologetic. She said, “I’m sorry, Skylar. Have I made you worry about me?” 
“I know you won’t be defeated easily. No matter what happens, you’ll be able to face it head–on,” Skylar reassured her. 
Natalie’s eyes filled with tears. She suggested, “Let’s get a few hours of sleep and head over tomorrow morning.” 
“Alright.” 
An Instagram notification popped up on her phone as they were about to sleep. She immediately checked. it. 
She hadn’t muted her phone and had the volume up. It wasn’t loud, but it was enough for them to hear the lustful voices in the video. 
She could only see Jeremy’s back. However, Natalie knew him all too well. 
Her phone slipped and clattered onto the ground noisily. 
Natalie’s face was devoid of color. 
Skylar’s expression changed drastically. She exclaimed “Nath!” 
Immediately, Skylar picked the phone up and turned off the video. 
Annabelle must’ve been insane! Had she taken pride in being a mistress? How could she show off to Natalie? How disgusting! 
“I can’t fool myself anymore. The man in the video is Jeremy,” Natalie said self–mockingly. Tears 
streamed down her face, 
She’d known him for so many years and devoted her first time to him. They’d been married for a year, How could she not recognize him? 
As she was showering, she tried to fool herself. Natalle hoped that this was nothing more than a prank. Tomorrow morning, the truth would surface once she confronted Annabelle. After all, she’d loved Jeremy for so many years. 
However, this video proved her wrong. It was like a slap to her face, and her head spun. 
Suddenly, she couldn’t stand it. Her stomach churned. 
Natalie exclaimed between heaving, “How disgusting! Skylar, he’s revolting. How could he be so vile?” Natalie vomited. 
###chapter488
Moredom Complex was a luxurious neighborhood well–known in Jipsburg. The people who lived there were the cream of the crop in their respective industries. 
Natalie had a house in this area. Her parents had bought it for her before she’d gotten married. 
If not for Annabelle, she would’ve forgotten that she had a house there. 
They wouldn’t have been able to enter the area if they did not reside there. No owners had informed the guard house that they would be entertaining guests. However, Natalie managed to prove that she owned a house there and walked to where Annabelle was staying. 
The two of them did not go in. They sat under the shade of two trees where they wouldn’t be seen. 
Natalie’s face was pale. She hadn’t slept at all last night. Although she had calmed down slightly and was less devastated, her mind was still in a mess. 
Skylar hadn’t slept much last night, either. She was extremely concerned. After all, she knew how it felt to get betrayed. 
Although time could heal many wounds, one would always remember how it felt to be betrayed. From that day onward, she stopped believing in love. 
Even though Skylar knew that she had fallen for Joe, she wouldn’t take the next step easily. 
If Jeremy had cheated, this meant that everlasting love did not exist, let alone loyalty. 
She rejoiced in the fact that she and Joe were only cohabiting. Love wasn’t a factor in their relationship 
Natalie forced a smile and asked Skylar, “Do you see the two men over there?” 
She knew her grin looked horrendous. However, she was done with tears. 
“Yeah, I see them,” Skylar replied. She glanced over to the two men in front of the door. They didn’t look like local residents at all. Their gaze was sharp and on high alert. 
“I know them. They’re Jeremy’s bodyguards in charge of protecting his safety. Their presence here means that Jeremy cares highly about Annabelle. He’s terrified that she’ll get an abortion.” 
Natalie sounded like she was talking about something that had nothing to do with herself. 
Skylar grasped Natalie’s hand tightly and suggested, “Why don’t we leave now?” 
These bodyguards were evidence that Jeremy had cheated. There was no need to stay here any longer. 
Natalie shook her head and said, “Let’s wait here. Perhaps he’ll look for Annabelle out of concern for her and the baby.” 
She needed to see it with her own eyes and squash all remaining hope. 
Skylar nodded. 
Annabelle had been up all night as well. She’d waited the whole night, yet Natalie did nothing. 
Annabelle had tried escaping in the middle of the night Yet, the two bodyguards stood in front of the door. She had no chance to escape. 
“Natalie, I’m so disappointed in you! Jeremy said that you wouldn’t allow anything to come between the both of you. You’ve seen the pictures and the videos. Yet, you’re still unwilling to let go. Jeremy was 
wrong about you. What’s so different between you and ?” 
“Jeremy, I don’t believe that you feel nothing for me. You’re aborting your own child. No. I have to come up with a plan. I can’t let this child go.” 
She still had a chance as long as she hadn’t gone onto the operation table. 
Annabelle began spamming Natalie. 
“You’re more generous than I imagined. Are you going to turn a blind eye? Are you planning to allow Jeremy to provide for me on the side? Would you like to wait all night for him in an empty house?” 
“Have you seen how wild Jeremy gets in bed? You haven’t, have you? We’re great together in bed. Our child was conceived on one of those amazing nights.” 
“Are you sure you want to stay with a man who doesn’t belong to you?” 
These messages elicited no response, like raindrops disappearing into the sea. 
###chapter489
Annabelle couldn’t keep her cool. She could only call Jeremy and plead, “Mr. Hughes, let’s calm down and think about this. We shouldn’t murder this little life just like that, right? It has come into this world and become our child. It definitely wants to survive. It would be unfair and way too cruel to abort it.” 
“Wait for me at home. I’ll get there in ten minutes and take you to the hospital myself,” ordered Jeremy. 
Blood drained from Annabelle’s face. She’d said so much, but Jeremy remained unmoved. He did not hesitate, not even for a second. He was heartless. 
Natalie grasped her phone tightly. Although her hands trembled, she managed to steady herself and prevent her phone from falling. She chuckled coldly and asked, “Annabelle is already pregnant. Why does she seem so nervous and hasty to declare her possession over Jeremy?” 
Skylar frowned and glanced at Natalie’s phone. She read every sentence of Annabelle’s bragging. Her every sentence wounded Natalie severely. They would haunt her nightmares. 
“Stop looking at it. She’s probably exaggerating.” 
Natalie hummed before saying, “Help me type a reply for her. My fingers aren’t cooperating. Just say, ‘I don’t want Jeremy anymore. Since you have a thing for my unwanted trash, you can take it out. There’s no need to disgust me.” 
Annabelle stood up in surprise upon seeing Natalie’s response. 
“What is she getting at?” 
What did she mean by saying she didn’t want Jeremy? Was she being truthful, or was this another ploy? 
“What are you trying to do, Natalie? You wouldn’t be so kind as to give me Jeremy, would you?” 
Many women eyed the position of Jeremy’s wife in Jipsburg. How many of them had sobbed upon hearing of his marriage? 
She was going to dump this man whom she’d put in so much effort to bag? 
It didn’t sound right. 
Annabelle texted, “Since you’ve said you don’t want him, why don’t you get a divorce?” 
She didn’t care about Natalie’s nasty words. Annabelle only wanted to yield results. 
However, Natalie did not reply. 
Annabelle had acted on impulse. However, nervousness began eating at her after she sent the message. 
As long as Natalie was willing to give up, Jeremy would definitely marry her. 
A few minutes later, a familiar figure appeared before Natalie and Skylar. 
Before Jeremy appeared, there was still a chance for a twist. However, after he appeared, everything was confirmed. 
Natalie stared intently at Jeremy’s silhouette as he walked in. She grabbed Skylar’s hand intently, with tears glistening in her eyes. 
Chap 489 
Her phone rang at this moment. 
Tears spilled from her eyes when she looked down to check who was calling. 
It was Austin. She couldn’t turn the call down as he was her boss. 
“Hi, Mr. Powell.” 
Austin asked concernedly, “Are you feeling alright?” 
Natalie wiped the tears on her cheek and said lowly, “Yeah. I need to take an extra two days of leave. I’m sorry, Mr. Powell.” 
After a moment of silence, Austin said, “There’s no need to apologize. It’s normal to fall sick. Take another two days off. I’m on leave as well. Nothing much is going on.” 
###chapter490
Austin’s concern for her made Natalie’s tears flow even faster. She’d lied to him. She wasn’t feeling ill. However, her heart felt horrible. It caused her so much anguish. 
“Thanks, Mr. Powell, I’ll rest well.” 
Although they were conversing through the phone, Austin picked up on her abnormal tone. Was she crying? 
“Are you alright? If you’ve got any problems, you can talk to me about them,” consoled Austin gently. 
Natalie glanced at Skylar, who was embracing her. She wiped her tears away and replied, “I’m fine, Mr. Powell. I’ll go back to work when I recover. Thanks for your concern.” 
Austin did not ask any further. He could tell that Natalie didn’t want to talk about this anymore, and he briefly lost himself in his thoughts after their call ended 
He thought of what Hank had told him last night about how Jeremy had called Hank asking about Natalie’s whereabouts. 
Suddenly, a ridiculous thought popped into his head. 
Had Natalie found something out? Or were they arguing as married couples often did? 
Skylar consoled Natalie softly. She said, “Don’t be scared, Nath. I will be with you no matter what your final decision is.” 
Natalie stared at the door intently. She declared, “Take a photo of them. I want evidence, and I want to get a divorce. Skylar, I want to divorce him.” 
She would never be able to face Jeremy ever again. Even now, the scenes in the video replayed in her mind. She needed to muster up all her strength to prevent herself from vomiting because of how vile Jeremy was. 
“Alright, let’s wait for him to come out so we can take a picture.” 
After a few minutes, Jeremy came down with Annabelle in tow. Perhaps due to her pregnancy, Annabelle’s face was ashen. Jeremy’s jaw was clenched as well. 
Natalie was calmer than Skylar expected her to be. She snapped multiple pictures of them. 
Before Skylar could react, Natalie began sprinting toward Jeremy and Annabelle. She stopped in front of them and slapped Jeremy across the face. 
Annabelle exclaimed, “Oh! Mr. Hughes!” 
Jeremy thought that he’d run into a troublemaking bystander. At a second glance, he realized that it was Natalie. 
She did not spare Annabelle a look. She glared at Jeremy with hatred swirling in her eyes. Then, she screamed, “Jeremy, I’ve misjudged you! You’ve actually cheated on me!” 
The truth had unfolded before her. Natalie felt like Jeremy was a stranger–or perhaps she had never known him at all. 
Jeremy’s face was ashen as his eyes darted around nervously. He began, “Nath…” 
Natalie didn’t bother to hide the hatred in her eyes. She roared, “Don’t call my name. Listening to you say 
my name is making me nauseous! Jeremy, do you think lying to me is fun?” 
She loathed Jeremy. She detested his lies and his betrayal. 
When Jeremy saw Natalie’s disdain and scorn, he panicked even more. He tried to explain, “Natalie, listen to me. What you’re seeing now isn’t the whole truth. I haven’t cheated on you. You’re the only one I’ve ever loved!” 
He had always acted discreetly. How had Natalie found out about them? 
###chapter491
“You’ve wrongly accused Mr. Hughes. He came to see me for work. We’re not having an affair. Mr. Hughes really loves you. Please don’t misunderstand him,” Annabelle interjected. 
With how she was finding excuses for Jeremy, she was a far cry from the braggart of the mistress she was last night. 
Jeremy must’ve adored such an understanding mistress. Why else would he have gotten her pregnant? 
Natalie laughed coldly. She found Jeremy just as revolting as Annabelle. She shrieked, “Do you think I’m an idiot? Jeremy, I want a divorce. The both of you won’t need to sneak around anymore. You can be together with each other under the sun. I’m not worthy enough to be Mrs. Hughes!” 
Jeremy’s expression changed drastically when she said that. 
Annabelle was initially dumbfounded. Then, glee enveloped her. She hadn’t expected things to go so smoothly. Was Natalie going to divorce Jeremy just like that? 
She immediately turned to glance at Jeremy. Instantly, she felt as though she’d gotten punched in the chest. An unexplainable terror engulfed her. 
Annabelle could see his pale face. Fury seemed to bail within him. It was a testament to how much he cared about Natalie. 
“Nath, you should go home first. I will provide a reasonable explanation for all this,” Jeremy said, reaching out a hand to embrace Natalie. 
He hoped that Natalie would forgive him. As to getting a divorce, that was impossible. Jeremy would never take another woman as his wife. 
“Please believe us, Mrs. Hughes,” Annabelle added. She couldn’t calm down. She knew that she had to take advantage of every opportunity available. 
Since Natalie had asked for a divorce, she had to use this to her advantage. 
Jeremy roared, “Shut up!” 
Annabelle jumped in surprise. 
When Natalie saw Jeremy scold Annabelle, she laughed even harder. She said, “Stop putting on a show in front of me. Don’t further disappoint me and make me loathe you even more!” 
Then, she turned back to Skylar and said, “Skye, let’s go.” 
She’d said what needed to be said, and now Natalie wanted to go home and prepare her divorce agreement. She had to divorce Jeremy as soon as possible. 
She couldn’t stand the thought of Jeremy sleeping with other women, and Natalie was terrified she would go crazy if she stayed. 
Skylar put an arm around Natalie’s shoulders. As they left, she glared at Annabelle. 
Annabelle hadn’t expected that Natalie had brought Skylar with her. Jipsburg was too small. 
In addition, why did Skylar’s gaze pierce through her? It was as though she’d gleaned all her secrets. Goosebumps rose all over Annabelle at the thought. 
*Skylar, help me console her. I will handle this, Jeremy told Skylar. 
She stared back at Jeremy emotionlessly. Then, she stated, “Nath is my best friend. Of course I’ll stay by 
her side.” 
Handle? How would Jeremy handle this? Natálie had already seen a recording of him in bed with another woman. Did he think that he could make everything go back to normal? 
Pretending everything was alright never solved any problems. In addition, Natalie valued her honor. She would never settle for a compromise and couldn’t act like nothing happened. 
“There’s no need to continue talking to him. From today onward, I have nothing to say to him. We’re done. Let’s go! I can’t stay here for even a second longer.” 
“Alright,” Skylar said. Then, she left with Natalie. 
In the twilight hours, everything had unfolded beyond Jeremy’s expectations. Never in a million years had he thought Natalie would find out. 
Jeremy thought he’d been discreet enough. Everything would’ve been settled by today. Why had Natalie found him out on today, of all days? 
“Mr. Hughes, what should we do now?” Annabelle pretended to be terrified. Her pale face and pitiful questioning painted her as the victim. 
###chapter492
Internally, Annabelle had begun rejoicing. She was ecstatic that their affair had made such a commotion. 
Natalie detested Jeremy. She wouldn’t be getting back together with Jeremy anytime soon. 
Jeremy glared at Annabelle disdainfully, a stark contrast to how he gazed at Natalie. She could feel hatred radiating off him. Murderous intent gleamed in his eyes. 
It was as though she were an embarrassment to him. When Annabelle realized that, her terror grew to new heights. 
Jeremy scanned Annabelle coldly before asking, “Was this your doing?” 
Annabelle’s heart skipped a beat. She tried to explain “No, of course not. How could I? I promised you that I’d be a good girl. I wouldn’t covet things I can’t have.” 
“It better not have been you,” Jeremy stated coldly. 
Annabelle dared not make eye contact with him. She was terrified that he would find out. 
“Let’s head to the hospital first,” said Jeremy. He then turned to his bodyguards and ordered, “Keep your eyes on her. Make sure the operation is done.” 
Annabelle lost her composure. She pleaded, “Mr. Hughes, do you have to do that? This is our child.” 
Jeremy’s remained unfazed. He said, “It looks like you’re not a good girl at all. Don’t you know how I handle my enemies?” 
When Jererhy thought of Natalie’s hate–filled gaze, the impulse to wring Annabelle’s neck rushed over him. In addition, he recalled Natalie’s determination when she asked for a divorce. It made his temples throb. 
Skylar and Natalie arrived at the latter’s house an hour later. On the way, Skylar had called a lawyer friend of hers from high school. She helped produce a template for their divorce agreement. 
Natalie didn’t want anything from Jeremy. She only wanted to get divorced as soon as possible. 
The lawyer proposed that Natalie could use Jeremy’s affair to get a share of Jeremy’s assets. 
After all, the Hughes family was wealthy. Jeremy had countless assets under his name. Natalie could live like a queen for the rest of her life if he agreed to a division of assets. 
After hearing her suggestion, Natalie told Skylar, “I find Jeremy abhorrent and his money even more so. If I need money, I’ll make it myself. I just want to get a divorce with him as soon as possible.” 
Skylar respected Natalie’s decision. In addition, she had a feeling about it… 
“If Jeremy cheated on you for reasons beyond his control, would you forgive him? I mean, if he was seduced into this affair?” 
Based on Annabelle’s current situation, the porcelain Vase she wanted them to repair must’ve been used on Jeremy. On top of that, someone had once asked her about it on Amazon and she had turned them down. 
That person’s profile picture looked extremely similar to Annabelle’s Instagram profile picture. 
Perhaps they were the same person. 
Natalie forced a smile and answered, “No, I won’t forgive him. I don’t care what are the reasons behind it. The truth is that he cheated on me. 
212 
“Skye, you’ve gone through this before. Were you just as devastated as I am now when you found out about Christopher’s affair? I’m sorry I didn’t help you through it back then.” 
Her relationship with Jeremy was similar to Skylar’s relationship with Christopher. 
Natalie knew how much Skylar had sacrificed for Christopher and Amelia. 
“Actually, it’s not the same. I stayed with Christopher out of habit and because I had promised him so. In high school, he pursued me relentlessly. I didn’t know what love was back then. I thought I liked him, but in reality, it had nothing to do with romance. 
“On the other hand, you and Jeremy grew up together. The both of you have been in love for ages,” Skylar analyzed logically. 
Perhaps because she had gotten over Christopher’s betrayal, Skylar could now reflect upon herself. 
In addition, she could tell that Jeremy adored Natalie. As to their divorce… 
Skylar believed that it wouldn’t be a breeze. Jeremy wouldn’t let her go easily. 
Natalie grinned self–mockingly. She said, “The fact that we’ve grown up together means that the spark between us is gone. He disregarded me entirely when he tried to look for a spark with
someone else. Perhaps he does love me still. However, I don’t want it. 
###chapter493
Natalie said, “Skye, I’m rather tired. I’m going to take a nap. Do you need to go to work? You can head off now. Don’t worry about me. I can face it on my own.” 
Once Skylar confirmed that Natalie was okay, she left. 
Jeremy called just as she was leaving. 
“Skylar, how is Natalie doing?” 
Skylar felt for Natalie. She wasn’t courteous with Jeremy at all. She replied, “Anyone who goes through this would be feeling horrible, let alone Natalie. She trusted you with all her heart.” 
“Help me console her. I will handle this,” Jeremy insisted lowly. 
He’d repeated exactly what he’d said under Annabelle’s house. 
Skylar replied, “You’ve known Natalie since a young age. You should know Natálie well. I hope you can respect her. I need to hurry off to work now. I’m hanging up.” 
Jeremy sat in his office. Multiple cigarette butts were lying in his ashtray. At moments like this, no one dared to get close to Jeremy. 
He’d called Skylar multiple times. All of them had been rejected. 
The company had encountered many crises under his leadership. Yet, he’d brought them out of it perfectly every time. 
This time… he would make it through. He would get things right. 
At the hospital, Annabelle was sent through a bunch of examinations. Afterward, she was told that an abortion wasn’t advised. However, it wasn’t impossible 
The chief surgeon was confident he could do the operation without jeopardizing her health. It wouldn’t affect her chances of getting pregnant in the future, either. 
However, the doctor said, “You’ve been through multiple miscarriages in the past. Your body is not adapted for a pregnancy. Even if I didn’t perform the abortion, your fetus wouldn’t have survived past the five–month mark.” 
Annabelle’s expression changed. She hadn’t expected that he’d be able to tell. 
The doctor that Jeremy hired could definitely be trusted. He would be discreet. However, she knew that Jeremy would find out about her multiple miscarriages 
She bit her lip. Then, Annabelle pleaded tearily, “Can you keep my history of miscarriages a secret from Mr. Hughes? I’ll go for the operation.” 
There were people guarding her outside. She wouldn’t have any chance of escape. In addition, Jeremy and Natalie were about to get divorced. She could make a rational decision. However, she couldn’t let Jeremy find out about her troubled past. 
The surgeon remained expressionless. He stated 
Is up to you” 
Right, the doctor Jeremy had hired wouldn’t obey her c 
At this point, what else did she have to be scared of? to justify it. 
“Let me call Mr. Hughes,” Annabelle requested. 
The doctor recalled Jeremy’s words and said, “There’s small operation that will be over soon. You can call him Annabelle took a deep breath and caressed her abdom 
###chapter494
Jeremy received a call from the hospital in no time. Annabelle’s operation was a success. At the same time, the doctor told Jeremy about Annabelle’s condition. 
Jeremy was expressionless as he listened to the doctor’s report. He revealed Annabelle’s history of miscarriages and explained that the child wouldn’t have survived either way. 
A few minutes after the doctor hung up, Annabelle called. She’d just finished her operation. Her voice wavered as she spoke. “Mr. Hughes, our child is gone. Annabelle’s tone was infused with longing for her child. 
“Someone will be taking you out of Jipsburg. You’re not allowed to enter Jipsburg from today onward,” Jeremy instructed coldly 
Annabelle bit her lips upon hearing how Jeremy planned to handle her. She asked, “Isn’t that too ruthless? In addition, Mrs. Hughes has misunderstood our relationship. Don’t you need me to help explain? If I disappear from today onward, wouldn’t Mrs Hughes doubt us even more?” 
‘I’ve never thought of destroying your family Annabelle continued, flaunting her helplessness. 
Jeremy shut her down promptly, 1 don’t need you to explain.” 
Annabelle grasped her phone tightly. She begged, ‘Let me rest in the hospital for a few days. I feel horrible. 
To keep Natalie with him, he didn’t give a damn as to whether Annabelle survived. If Natalie was the one who’d gotten the abortion, would he be less merciless? 
Annabelle had no idea how Natalie was better than her 
As she pleaded with him desperately, Jeremy finally gave in. He said, ‘I’ll give you one day.” 
Anabelle smiled pitifully and agreed, “Alright” 
One day. One day was still better than getting deported immediately. Many things could happen in a day 
After dealing with Annabelle, Jeremy stayed in the office for another hour. Then, he asked his secretary to get a takeaway from Natalie’s favorite restaurant 
Jeremy got home with a bunch of Natale’s favorite dishes. 
He knew Natalie was at home 
She walked out of the kitchen with her freshly prepared lunch. It was a simple plate of pasta. 
She wasn’t surprised to see Jeremy. She’d expected him to come home in the afternoon. 
However, Natalie had only made pasta for one. 
Tve gotten takeaway from your favorite restaurant Give it a try,” Jeremy stared intently at Natalie She looked much calmer now than she did in the morning 
Natalie replied tonelessly. “There’s no need for that. Ive made pasta. You can eat it on your own Right now, she found him revolting, let alone the food bed bought. She didn’t want to eat anything 
###chapter495
Natalle was extremely calm. Perhaps it was because she had been crying and screaming for the better half of last night. She was unfazed by Jeremy. He froze for a moment before taking the food out of the bag. 
Natalie kept to her word. She didn’t have a single bite of his food. 
Jeremy put down his fork once Natalie finished her pasta. Everything that he’d eaten tasted horrible and tasteless. 
Natalie didn’t spare Jeremy a glance. She washed her dishes in the kitchen before heading straight toward the couch. 
Jeremy observed Natalie’s behavior intently. 
If Natalie had sobbed and screamed at him, he would’ve found a way to soothe her. Yet, she did no such thing. Natalie was extremely composed. 
Natalie nestled into the couch. Then, she pulled out two copies of a divorce agreement and handed it to Jeremy, 
She said, “Take a look at the document. I’ll leave this marriage with nothing but the clothes on my back. I want nothing from you except to get divorced as soon as possible. Sign here, please.” 
Natalie spoke in an even tone. Jeremy couldn’t see a hint of love in her eyes. Perhaps it was out of loathing for his betrayal and scorn at her stupidity. 
Jeremy didn’t take the documents from her. His gaze was extremely cold, as though they were hot potatoes rather than divorce agreements. 
He insisted, “I can explain what happened with Annabelle. There’s nothing between us. I went to see her for a work–related matter. When she resigned, she accidentally took an important business contract with her. Today, she tried using the contract as an excuse to ask for reparations. In addition, she demanded me to discuss this with her personally.” 
Natalie found his excuse hilarious. He must’ve spent all morning coming up with it. 
Why did Jeremy still think she was a gullible woman? Did he believe that his excuse would fool her? 
Natalie said, “Jeremy, I’m not the sharpest tool in the shed. Since young, I’ve never wanted to believe that humanity was inherently evil. However, this does not give you the right to lie to me.” 
“Nath, what you see might not always be the truth,” Jeremy stated. 
Natalie inhaled deeply to maintain her composure. Then, she said, “Jeremy, you watched me grow up. You were my first love, and our parents are best friends. I hope we won’t make a commotion out of our separation. This would be a blow to their friendship. 
“You know whether you’ve cheated on me, Jeremy. I do too. Whether Annabelle was your secretary or your mistress is also something you know best. 
“We will be getting a divorce. I’ve been waiting for you at home to hand the divorce agreement to you and have a chat. I’ve packed my bags. I’ll be moving out in a bit.” 
When Jeremy heard Natalie’s serene announcement that she would be leaving, fury boiled within him. He declared, “I will not divorce you. That’s impossible.” 
On the way home, he’d considered many possibilities. However, he’d failed to predict the level of determination Natalie held. 
###chapter496
At the end of her rant, Natalie could no longer keep her emotions in check. She was on the verge of breaking down. 
Jeremy’s face paled upon hearing that. Natalie knew everything. 
After Skylar got off work, she called Natalie and asked, “So you’ve moved out, Nath?” 
Natalie had texted her, saying she had moved out in the afternoon. Now, she was staying in a small apartment that her parents gifted her. She’d stayed there before getting married. 
“Yes, I’ve just moved in. However, Jeremy didn’t agree to the divorce,” Natalie said. Her head pounded when she thought of her stand–off with Jeremy and his stubbornness. 
Skylar got into her car. Before she started the engine, she asked, “Do you want me to stay with you?” 
“I’m alright for now. You should go home and get some rest. I’ve got everything I need here, and I’ve already cleaned up. Right, there are two rooms in my apartment. You can come over to stay with me,” replied Natalie. 
She was lucky. Although she’d lost her husband to an affair, she still had her best friend. Having her best friend support her through such trying times was a blessing. 
Natalie was afraid that Skylar would worry about her. Thus, she said her takeout had arrived and hung up soon after. 
Natalie looked around the familiar apartment for a moment. Then, she called her high school friend, saying, “My husband does not want a divorce. I would like to file for divorce. Can you help me with the legal proceedings?” 
She said, “Alright, I’ll set it in motion. Perhaps you should discuss this with your husband.” 
“I might do so in the future. For now… let’s get started with the process. I want to let him know that I am determined to get divorced.” 
“Alright.” 
Natalie threw her phone to the side after hanging up. Her heart squeezed painfully. It was probably because of the all–encompassing silence. 
She didn’t understand. Jeremy wanted to look for a spark with other women and had fallen for someone else. Why was he unwilling to divorce her? Was he scared that their parents wouldn’t allow it? 
After a moment of thought, she texted Jeremy, “If you’re afraid that our parents will scold you because of the divorce, I can be the one to tell them. 
“We can say that our personalities don’t mesh well together. We only realized that we couldn’t tolerate each other for the rest of our lives after getting married. Thus, we’ll separate on good terms.” 
Jeremy responded, “Natalie, we’re not going to get a divorce.” 
When Natalie realized Jeremy hadn’t changed his mind, tears filled her eyes. She asked, “Jeremy, why should we stay together? I can’t come to terms with your betrayal! Put yourself in my shoes. 
“If I cheated on you and slept with someone else, would you be able to accept that? Wouldn’t you also find me disgusting?” 
This time, Jeremy did not offer her a response. Natalie wasn’t expecting one from him either. 
Even now, Natalie still felt like she was in a nightmare she couldn’t wake up from. How could Jeremy have betrayed her in real life? 
Skylar returned to Galaxy Villa. She was surprised to see Joe at home. Why was he home so early? Suddenly, she thought of Jeremy’s betrayal. Skylar believed that Joe knew something about them. In addition, the hot spring hotel that Jeremy and Annabelle had visited belonged to Joe. 
They attended events together. He definitely knew something. They were like two peas in a pod. 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter497
Joe asked, “You’re back?” 
Skylar hummed emotionlessly. 
At Skylar’s icy attitude, Joe glared at her briefly before averting his eyes. He raised an eyebrow and asked, “Are you in a bad mood?“. 
Skylar did not want to run circles around the topic. She cut to the chase and asked, “You knew about Jeremy’s affair all along, didn’t you?” 
Joe was caught off guard by her question. Nonetheless, he figured out what was going on. He said, “Has Natalie found out?” 
Skylar knew. She questioned, “You knew long ago, right? Do you all enjoy going out with your mistresses?” 
Birds of a feather flocked together. She did not believe that Joe would be any different. 
Thankfully, she only liked Joe slightly. She hadn’t fallen for him just yet. If not, her heart would be just as broken as Natalie’s. 
However, Skylar still felt bad about it. 
Joe’s gaze darkened. He asked, “I did know about it. Are you overthinking this?” 
Had she been glaring at him with disdain just now? It looked like she was one step away from tattooing fuck off” across her forehead. 
“I wasn’t,” Skylar responded coldly. She continued, “I’m tired. I’ll be sleeping in the guest room tonight.” 
As she spoke, she climbed upstairs. She didn’t even look at Joe. 
Skylar could feel a migraine coming on. How would she handle it if a mistress came knocking? What if she asked Skylar to leave so she could take her place? 
It would be wise to devise a plan for dealing with a mistress now. 
Joe furrowed his brows and trailed after her. He said, “Jeremy is Jeremy and I am myself. You can’t treat us as the same thing. He only got together with Annabelle recently. He would’ve broken up with her now if Natalie hadn’t discovered them.” 
Skylar stopped. She replied, “They might’ve broken up, but that doesn’t mean they never dated. Since Natalie found out, it means that they hadn’t separated at the time. 
“I know your relationship with Jeremy. You’re defending him from your perspective. There’s nothing wrong with that. However, I don’t think the past will be erased just because he broke up with her. Perhaps our moral standards aren’t aligned. It’s normal that some of our beliefs do not coincide with each other. 
“Right, I hope there won’t be any mistresses causing me a fuss in the future. If you fall for someone, tell me so our divorce won’t be as messy.” 
Joe knew what she was implying. She believed that he and Jeremy were the same. In the past, they were quite similar. They were more interested in their career than women. 
However, Jeremy had lost his mind after getting seduced by his secretary. Joe had no explanation for it until now. 
“There won’t be any mistresses. I won’t fall for any other woman. My heart is locked and the key has been thrown away.” 
Skylar froze in surprise. She gazed at Joe thoughtfully before answering, “Okay.” 
Joe hadn’t expected Skylar to suddenly become so understanding. He confirmed, “You believe me?” 
“I do. I’m genuinely exhausted. I’m going to rest now,” Skylar answered. She nodded and headed upstairs to the guest room. 
Joe’s face fell. Although she said she believed him, her actions indicated otherwise. 
“Come back to the master bedroom,” Joe stepped forward and swept Skylar into his arms. 
It was one thing to sleep separately if she wasn’t at home. However, she was home now! 
Skylar was suddenly launched into midair. She was surprised and exclaimed, “Put me down!” 
Joe felt he needed to make her understand the consequences of not believing him. He said, “Didn’t you say you were tired? Let me help you shower.” 
Skylar’s face paled. Was he going to bathe her? 
“N–No need. I can do it myself.” 
“Just in case someone thinks I have another woman outside, I must prove whether I’m dating anyone else tonight.” 
Skylar wasn’t even given the chance to refuse. Joe stripped her of her clothes within seconds.
###chapter498
Joe meant what he’d said. He said, “You’re the only one I want to sleep with. I’m not interested in any 
other woman. Don’t you worry.” 
Before she was about to fall asleep, Skylar retained enough logic to ask him for a guarantee. She said, “If you fall in love with someone in the future, you have to tell me. I hope I won’t be the last to find out.” 
His gaze was piercing, as though he could see through her. 
“Alright.” 
They made love after that. 
Once Skylar was knocked out, Joe got out of bed and headed to the study for a conference call. 
After the meeting was over, he returned to the bedroom and embraced Skylar. He couldn’t help himself and kissed her forehead with a gentle smile. 
He remarked softly, “What do you think about all day?” 
Just as he was about to fall asleep, Skylar’s phone lit up from the bedside table. Since it had been muted, Joe merely heard the phone’s vibrations against the wood. 
He glanced at it and found that it was an unknown number. Was it a scam call? 
He reached over and rejected the call. The stranger did not continue calling. 
At the coastline in Korel City, the waves churned under the night sky. The only person on the empty beach was staring at his phone, lost in thought. 
When Christopher called Skylar, no one picked up. He chuckled coldly and exclaimed, “Do you no longer love me, Skylar? I don’t believe it! You’ve liked me for so many years and sacrificed so much for me. How could you stop loving me just like that? You’re different from those materialistic women! I was an idiot to dump you for Maisy! 
“I’ll find a way to win you back. I won’t let Maisy get away with hurting you. I’ll avenge you!” 
He murmured to himself for a while. Then, he checked the time. They would’ve been done by now. He walked to a truck parked by the side of the road. 
A man opened the door and got off, pulling his pants on as he went. 
He stuck his thumb up and praised, “This woman is not half bad. She’s got a smoking hot figure. Is she really a college student? Although she wasn’t a virgin, the 200 dollars I spent on her was so worth it. Why don’t I give you another 200 dollars to go again? I’m not finished with her.” 
Christopher glanced at the money the middle–aged man had stuffed into his hands. He glanced at the time before answering, “Alright, I’ll give you another half an hour.” 
He jumped into the truck again. 
A woman’s pleading screams tore through the night occasionally. 
“Stop touching me! 
“Christopher! Christopher, you can’t do this to me! Didn’t you say you were going to treat me well and marry me? Don’t you know that you’re committing a crime? The second I escape, I’m going to
make a police report!” 
###chapter499
Once he’d used Maisy to make enough money, he would seek Skylar out with the money. Then, he’d take her back home, and they would build a family of their own. 
Recently, he kept thinking about the wishes he’d made with Skylar. They seemed simple and normal, as though they could be easily achieved. 
However, it was everything he’d ever wanted. He loved Skylar. Christopher wouldn’t fall for anyone else for the rest of his life. 
The man got out of the truck, satisfied. He told Christopher, “Your truck is out of condoms, so I couldn’t take any protective measures. Buy her some contraceptive pills.” 
After he left, Christopher got into the truck. 
He glared at Maisy disdainfully, who was nearly half–dead. He said, “Stop faking it. The people who’ve come tonight aren’t any good. They wouldn’t have tired you out.” 
Maisy tried to escape. She couldn’t stand it anymore. She hailed from at 
wealthy family and was supposed to marry into a wealthier one. How could she be trapped here and tortured? 
She would rather be dead. Christopher was ruthless. 
However, Christopher grabbed her leg. He dumped her back into the truck like she was a rubbish sack. 
“I’ll find you a nice home once I’ve made enough money off you,” Christopher declared. He narrowed his eyes and scrutinized Maisy’s features. That face of hers would ?ell for a good price. 
He was going to torture Maisy first. If not, he wouldn’t be avenging what Maisy had done to Skylar. 
Maisy’s pupils shrunk rapidly. She knew the “nice home” Christopher 
mentioned wouldn’t be anywhere near nice. 
“Christopher, you’re such a pervert. If I had known you were such a pervert, I wouldn’t have dated you. Aren’t you ecstatic to see me get harassed by these 
men? Would Skylar take you back if she knew you were such a maniac? 
“No, she wouldn’t be able to accept you. She’s with Joe now. How would she fall for you again? In addition, you were with her for so many years. Yet, you had no idea that she was an expert in restoring antiques, just like the rest of us. Skylar kept it from you all those years. Don’t fantasize about getting back. together with her. You’ll never succeed!” 
Christopher slapped her across the face without holding back. 
“You think Skylar is like you? She would never worship the rich and look down. on the poor,” Christopher defended. His face was devoid of color. 
Everything Maisy said sounded like nails scratching on a chalkboard to Christopher. He couldn’t stop the violence roaring within him. He kicked her multiple times. “It’s all because of you, Maisy!” 
Maisy covered her head and screamed, “Christopher, I pray for your horrible demise! Skylar will never get back together with you. If you can’t beat Joe, there’s no point in fantasizing over her!” 
“Shut up! You’d better shut the hell up!” 
When Skylar woke up, she saw that an unknown number had called her. She disregarded it. There had been many scam calls. 
Suddenly, Joe’s seductive baritone rang out behind her. He asked, “You’re up?” 
Skylar looked back toward the door. 
Joe must’ve gotten up before her. 
When she thought of what had happened last night, Skylar’s face flushed. She asked, “When did you wake up?” 
He must’ve slept later than her. He’d bathed her after their ministrations. She had no idea how he’d gotten her back into bed. 
Joe answered, “Half an hour ago. I’ve made breakfast. Would you like to try some?” 
Skylar stared at Joe in surprise. He looked satisfied. She asked, “You made breakfast?” 
###chapter500
Skylar wondered if the food was even edible. She had no idea Joe could cook. Besides, she remembered that she’d never seen him having breakfast when she first moved to Galaxy Villa. 
“Of course,” said Joe proudly. After all, he’d spent half an hour making it. 
Skylar walked downstairs. Excitement and nervousness coursed through her simultaneously. She was excited because he’d made her breakfast. However, she was nervous about whether it would be edible. 
It wasn’t easy to get reborn. Skylar would prefer to remain alive. She didn’t want to be poisoned to death. 
When she saw the breakfast spread, she sighed in relief. It was alright. 
“Overnight oats, boiled eggs, and some fruits. What do you think?” Joe wanted to cook her a pot of warming pasta or oat porridge. However, he had no idea how to operate the stove. He didn’t know how much water to add either. As for noodles, it would be even worse. 
Thankfully, he noticed the oats. They could simply be mixed in with milk and yogurt. As for the boiled eggs, they posed no difficulty. 
Skylar gave him a thumbs up and praised, “You’re wonderful, Mr. Martin! You’ve prepared a nutritious spread. I was craving for yogurt when I woke up.” 
Perhaps because she’d read too many novels, she was under the impression that people who couldn’t cook made horrible food. It was either that, or they burnt the kitchen down. 
This proved that Joe was a smart man. 
“Let’s sit down and eat. If it’s not enough, we can have more‘ yogurt oats,” said Joe. He grinned at being praised. It was satisfying, perhaps even more so than negotiating business deals worth billions 
“Alright.” 
Skylar arrived at the office an hour later. 
Paul called secretly, “You’re full of ideas, Ms. Sullivan. Mr. Martin came in 
201 
today like a new man. I made a mistake just now. He would’ve made me fuck off to solve the problem I created in the past. 
“However, he just said he understood that humans make mistakes and asked me to pay attention in the future. I was terrified. I thought his soul had gotten swapped out for another!” 
Skylar didn’t know whether to laugh or cry upon hearing that. She replied, “Stop reading those fantasy novels of yours.” 
“Either way, I hope you get along well with Mr. Martin! The rest of my days are in your hands. I’ll treat you when you’re free!” 
Skylar was entertained. Where had Joe found himself such a lively thing? 
If not for Paul’s excellent capabilities, she would’ve suspected that Joe employed him just to uplift his spirits. 
Natalie thought that she wouldn’t be able to sleep. However, she drifted off shortly after closing her eyes. 
When she got up, it was 9:00 am. She had slept for ten whole hours. For breakfast, Natalie drank some milk and ate bread. 
She received a message from Annabelle on Instagram. 
Natalie was doing her best to avoid thinking about Jeremy. She wanted to keep as much distance between them as possible. 
After a moment of hesitation, she opened Instagram to check Annabelle’s 
message. 
“I’ve lost my child. In order to not get divorced, he sent me to the hospital. Natalie, you’re one of the people who killed my baby, I know that Jeremy likes. 
1. me. 
“However, he cares more about your family. If he divorces you, he will be 
scolded by your family. Thus, he sacrificed me and the baby. This is what you wanted, right? 
“The baby was a life too! Natalie, why don’t you come and see for yourself the mistress all of you talk about? What have I succumbed to because of the two of you? I’ve just finished my operation, and he’s already chasing me out of 
Jipsburg. 
13 
“Natalie, I shouldn’t have destroyed your marriage. However, why would he touch me if he didn’t like me? Even if this was wrong, all of us played a part in it! 

###chapter501
Then, Natalie arrived at the location Annabelle had sent her. 
This hospital belonged to the Hughes family. 
Natalie was deeply shocked. To avoid divorce and prevent his parents‘ disappointment, Jeremy would go as far as to harm his own child. 
Natalle pondered if he was still the same Jeremy she once knew. 
While Annabelle’s actions as a mistress were despicable, Jeremy was equally contemptible and vile. Natalie’s heart ached. Her love for Jeremy had been ingrained in her heart over the years. 
But now, there was an innocent life hanging between them. There was no future for her and Jeremy anymore. 
Natalie arrived at the hospital half an hour later. She had been here several times before, last visiting with Jeremy for pre–pregnancy checkups. She never imagined she would be back to see Jeremy’s mistress. 
When Natalie inquired about Annabelle’s ward at the reception, she was 
informed there was no patient by that name. 
Natalie might have been fooled again if she hadn’t known Annabelle was in the hospital. 
Natalie’s thoughts drifted back to her visit to Jeremy’s company, where she had been informed that he was away on a business 
trip. 
Natalie couldn’t help but draw parallels. This situation seemed all too familiar, as if they were deliberately trying to deceive her. It made her wonder if they enjoyed playing mind games with her. 
“I’ll just have a look around.” With that, Natalie walked straight to the elevator. 
Seeing this, the receptionist immediately made a phone call. 
Natalie took the elevator to the inpatient department and quickly found Annabelle. 
Annabelle was dressed in a hospital gown. She looked pale and weak. Despite her usual striking beauty, she now seemed pathetic and fragile, evoking 
22 
sympathy from onlookers. 
She clearly hadn’t expected Natalie to actually show up. 
“You…” Annabelle stammered. She was taken aback and glanced at Natalie. She couldn’t believe that Natalie actually came. 
Just moments ago, she contemplated what to do next to keep Jeremy from leaving her. Every step these past few days had been difficult. But Natalie had actually come. 
“Are you surprised to see me? Didn’t you want to meet me? Come on. You’ve gone to great lengths to get me here. What exactly do you want? 
“Let me be clear–no one forced you to become a mistress. Now that you’ve lost your child, it has nothing to do with me. Don’t resort to moral coercion. 
“After today, stay as far away from me as possible. Otherwise, I’ll hire a private detective to dig into your past. Trust me, you won’t win that game in the end,” Natalie threatened coldly. 
Annabelle was taken aback. She hadn’t expected the seemingly innocent Natalie to be so intimidating. She was indeed afraid of Natalie investigating her. Her past wouldn’t hold up under scrutiny. 
Jeremy never investigated her because he always viewed her as a plaything from the beginning. For a plaything, as long as she could please him in bed, nothing else about her family background or experiences really mattered. 
“If you’re going to be so blunt, then I will too. Mr. Hughes is forcing me to leave Jipsburg to keep you. Now, I’m being forced to terminate my pregnancy and have to leave Jipsburg in disgrace. 
“I’m unwilling and unable to accept that. Ms. Jakeman, I beg you. Don’t let Mr. Hughes be so heartless.” Annabelle pleaded with Natalie. 
Natalie found this utterly absurd. “A mistress begging the legitimate wife to let her stay? Annabelle, just because you lack morals doesn’t mean others do too. If 
you can persuade Jeremy to sleep with you, then persuade him to divorce me and marry you.” 
Natalie had always thought the drama in TV shows was exaggerated. But after experiencing it herself, she realized it was even more ridiculous. 
Chapjer 100 
###chapter502
Tears glimmered in Annabelle’s eyes. “I know you look down on me, but I had no other choice.”
“How ridiculous! Did Jeremy hold a knife to your throat and force you to become his mistress? You and your lover are perfect for each other. Don’t try to paint yourself as innocent,” Natalie scoffed.
Natalie had never imagined she would find herself in such a situation. She felt like the main character in a twisted drama. If this were a fairytale, she would be the villainous queen blocking the king’s affection for his princess. She rubbed her arm, feeling goosebumps forming on her skin at the sheer absurdity of it all.
Annabelle’s face turned visibly embarrassed. “I know I was wrong, terribly wrong. But so many women at the company admire Mr. Hughes. Even if it weren’t me, someone else would have stepped in. You’ve known him for so long—did you really think he could only have eyes for you all this time?”
“Are you finished?” Natalie asked, her face expressionless. She realized that trying to understand Annabelle was pointless; people simply operated on different moral planes.
Jeremy likely couldn’t comprehend why she insisted on a divorce instead of turning a blind eye, as many others in her position would. To some, being Mrs. Hughes brought benefits that outweighed the pain of infidelity. But not to her.
As Natalie turned to leave, Annabelle quickly blocked her path. “Wait! Are you refusing to help me because you still want to stay with Mr. Hughes?”
Natalie found this amusing. “What does a divorce have to do with helping you?”
Annabelle was caught off guard by Natalie’s clear logic. Only yesterday, Natalie had looked devastated. It had only been twenty-four hours, yet she had already regained her composure.
At that moment, a formidable figure entered the ward. Jeremy appeared in front of Natalie, blocking her view of Annabelle. Seeing him, Annabelle turned pale. Natalie’s expression wasn’t much better, a faint sneer flickering in her eyes. She assumed his prompt arrival was due to his fear of her "bullying" his lover.
“Don’t worry. I haven’t touched her,” Natalie said coldly. “I just can’t understand why you refused the divorce yet chose to terminate the pregnancy she was carrying. I’ll explain everything to your parents, but I won’t expose your disgraceful actions to the public.”
Jeremy’s facial muscles tightened. When he met Natalie’s gaze, her eyes were filled with such sarcasm and disgust that it felt as if a vise had gripped his heart.
“Nath, it’s not what you think. She was never a 'new love.' I never cared for her. Between us, it was just—”
“Just a fling, right? Jeremy, even if it was just a moment of weakness, it doesn't change the fact that you’ve tainted our marriage. When you were with her, did you ever consider the consequences? Or perhaps you think by refusing the divorce and keeping your secrets, you can enjoy the thrill of it all? What do you take me for?” Natalie’s cold laughter echoed in the room.
Jeremy’s back stiffened, his face draining of color. He could be ruthless and decisive in the business world without batting an eye, but now, it felt as though his throat were being squeezed shut. He couldn’t utter a single word in his defense.
Annabelle stood stunned, watching the man she thought she knew. She couldn’t believe Jeremy could be so cold toward her yet so desperate for Natalie’s regard. The contrast was striking—and devastating.

###chapter503
Annabelle said, “It’s not like that. Don’t portray Mr. Hughes in such a negative light. My child-” 
Before Annabelle could finish her sentence, Natalie cut her off sharply. “Are you trying to say the child isn’t Jeremy’s? Spare me your excuses. They won’t work on me. Besides, don’t you find it exhausting to maintain two faces? If you want him, why not just be straightforward and admit it to him? 
“And Jeremy, I find it hard to believe. You can get her pregnant and yet refuse to acknowledge your relationship with her? I don’t understand your thoughts, nor can I guess them. But one thing is clear–your affair is undeniable, no matter how you try to cover it up.” 
Jeremy struggled to respond. “Nath, go home for now. Let’s talk when you’ve calmed down in a few days.” 
“There’s nothing left to discuss between us. Please have the divorce 
agreement signed soon, Mr. Hughes. Once that’s done, there won’t be much connecting us anymore. 
“And are you planning to drive Annabelle away? Whether she stays or goes won’t change anything,” Natalie asserted firmly. 
Every time she saw Jeremy now, she couldn’t control her thoughts. The scenes in the video were becoming increasingly clearer, 
Natalie walked to the doorway of the ward. She stood there and glanced back. at Jeremy. Seeing the pain in his eyes, she was momentarily stunned. She felt a dense ache spread in her chest. 
However, a second later, she began to wonder if he could ever understand her pain. 
“After this, if there’s anything else, please contact Truman Harper directly, Mr. Hughes. He is my lawyer. I’ve entrusted all divorce matters to him,” Natalie. declared. Her voice was resolute. 
Jeremy’s face turned pale. 
In his eyes, the girl had always seemed in need of protection. She never 
seemed to grow up. Now, she was handling their affairs with ruthless decisiveness, without a hint of hesitation 
Z/Z 
Annabelle’s heart ached. She knew Jeremy treated Natalie well and spoiled her, but seeing his concern for Natalie with her r 
own eyes felt like a series of slaps across her face. It deeply hurt her. 
“Mr. Hughes, she knows everything now. Can I stay in Jipsburg? I won’t appear 
in front of you both anymore. Is that okay?” Annabelle asked. She pinched herself hard to remain composed. 
Jeremy remained silent. His back turned to Annabelle, his demeanor unforgiving. 
She didn’t receive any response from Jeremy. Then, she slumped weakly against the hospital bed. 
At that moment, she questioned whether she could stay here. Maybe Jeremy simply lacked the strength to deal with her. 
— 
When Skylar got off work, she was accosted by a young girl, Simona Parkinson. 
Simona appeared to be around 18 or 19 years old. She dressed edgily with a carefree style reminiscent of Caleb. She had no reservations about expressing 
herself. 
To Skylar, youth meant embracing such carefree wildness. 
“Caleb says you’re the type he likes. But aside from being prettier than me, you’re so dull. Working here, you have no energy at all. You can’t compare to 
1. me. 
“Has Caleb lost his mind? How could he like someone like you?” Simona didn’t hide her thoughts. She blurted out all her ideas at once. 
Skylar understood instantly. Caleb must have used her as a shield to reject 
Simona. 
###chapter504
Skylar said, “Yeah, my job is pretty boring. Do you ride motorcycles too?” 
Simona’s eyes lit up. She didn’t realize the topic had shifted. “Yeah, I do. I’m pretty good at it too. Maybe not as good as Caleb, but I definitely won’t hold him back.” 
“That’s awesome!” Skylar nodded approvingly. 
Simona blushed. “Don’t you think riding motorcycles is kind of unproductive?” 
“Not at all. It’s just a hobby. My hobby is watching variety shows and TV dramas. Isn’t that even less productive? It’s all good as long as it makes you happy and doesn’t harm anyone or put you in danger,” Skylar replied casually. 
Simona’s eyes lit up again. “Skylar, I’ve been watching a dating variety show Tately and am interested in this couple. The male lead in it rides a motorcycle He is super cool!” 
Skylar smiled. “I watch that show too. I also like the male lead…” 
Just then, Caleb emerged from the restroom. He checked the message from his friend on WhatsApp and dashed out of the building like a rocket. 
He feared Skyalr might be in trouble.. 
“Simona, I’ve told you before. I don’t like you, and it has nothing to do with anyone else. You’re just a friend to me.” 
Caleb rushed out of the building. When he saw Skylar and Simona, he immediately shouted at Simona. He stepped forward and pulled Skylar behind him for protection. 
He cherished the woman he had loved in his heart. He wouldn’t let anyone bully her, not even his friend. He would turn against anyone who dared to bully Skylar. 
Simona was stunned by his shouting. She asked, “What are you doing?” 
“Don’t think you can bully Skylar just because she’s nice. Haven’t you listened to anything I’ve said? When I tell you I don’t like you, I mean it. You’re just a friend of mine,” Caleb said. He glared at Simona with a guarded expression. 
Caleb had known Simona for years. Hence, he was well aware of her fiery 
temper. 
Besides, Simona’s brother, Leonard Parkinson’s unsavory background, added to his concern. If Simona chose to, she could find countless ways to make 
someone’s life miserable. 
Skylar snapped out of it. “Simona wasn’t bullying me.” 
Simona pushed Caleb aside with a look of annoyance. “What’s wrong with you? I was just chatting with Skylar, and you came barging in. You’re my friend, and she’s like a sister to me. 
“What’s the issue? Go do your own thing. We’re planning to hang out, so don’t interrupt us. You’re really being a nuisance!” 
Caleb was stunned to hear that. What had happened? How did he end up being 
a nuisance? 
He turned to Skylar and looked at her. Confused, he asked, “She wasn’t bullying. you?” 
“Bullying me? Simona is friendly and kind. Why would she bully anyone?” Skylar replied, her tone questioning. 
Simona rubbed her nose. She felt a bit guilty. She was actually quite good at bullying people, but she didn’t want Skylar to know that. 
“Skylar, let’s exchange WhatsApp contacts first. We can plan to hang out later,” Simona said to Skylar. 
She was afraid that saying more would reveal her nature. 
Simona didn’t want Skylar to know her true nature. She was afraid that Skylar would dislike her. She finally met someone she genuinely liked and wanted to make a good impression on them. None of the women who had clung to Caleb had ever gained her approval. 
“Sure,” Skylar said with a smile. 
Caleb was completely ignored. 
After Simona left, Caleb turned to Skylar “She really didn’t threaten you? Why else would you say she’s kind?” 
###chapter505
If Simona was considered kind, then there really were no kind people left in the world. Under the influence of Leonard, Simona could be quite ruthless. 
Skylar smiled and said, “Simona’s not bullying me. She is actually a good person. Otherwise, you wouldn’t be such good friends with her, right? Let’s go.” Caleb was still confused. He nodded slowly and replied, “Yeah, it makes sense.” However, he still felt something off. 
After about half an hour, it wasn’t until Caleb reached the Gardner Manor that he realized what was bothering him. He wondered if Simona was trying to take Skylar away from him. 
“Damn it!” Caleb muttered to himself. He wouldn’t let Simona meet Skylar again. 
Skylar hadn’t visited Gloria in a while. After work, she decided to see her. They had dinner together and then watched a variety show. 
The two got along very well, enjoying each other’s company. 
During the show, Gloria complained about her friend, Beatrice Shortle. Recently, Gloria and Beatrice had gone to a recent auction house together. 
Beatrice had been calling Gloria non–stop lately, saying she wanted to visit Pearlhall Residence. She kept bragging about her granddaughter, who had just returned from abroad with numerous awards and was now a famous violinist. 
Gloria scoffed. “Does she think I can’t see through her? She just wants to match her granddaughter with Joe. Dream on! I remember meeting that girl a few years ago. 
“Despite her young age, she was full of malice. She looked down on the maid as if she were superior,. When she saw me, she’d act all sweet and innocent. 
“Not only do I not like her, but Joe wouldn’t give her a second look either. I already have you as my granddaughter–in–law. Skye, no one else could ever compare to you.” 
Seeing Gloria so agitated, Skylar chuckled. “In your eyes, I’m perfect.” 
Chap 505 
In truth, she knew she wasn’t that perfect. Gloria might see her through rose- colored glasses because of her friendship with Viola. 
But genuine affection begot genuine affection. Skylar was determined to be sincerely devoted to Gloria. 
By the time evening came around, it was too late for Skylar to leave. Hence, Skylar decided to stay at Pearlhall Residence. Before coming over, she had informed Joe. 
However, she didn’t expect him to come to Pearlhall Residence as well. 
When he arrived, Skylar had just finished taking a shower. She was surprised to see Joe standing in the room when she dried her hair. “Aren’t you supposed to be busy today?” 
Considering how far it was from his company, Skylar wondered why he had bothered to come to Pearlhall Residence. 
With one hand in his pocket, Joe’s naturally cool gaze swept over her. His gaze was now tinged with deeper meaning. “I came to visit Grandma.” 
“Oh,” Skylar replied. For a second, she thought he had come to see her. She realized she was being a bit presumptuous. She lowered her head to hide her emotions. 
Meanwhile, in another part of Pearlhall Residence, Edgar watched as finished her medicine. 
Gloris 
“Joe can’t stand to be apart from Skye for a single day. He said he came to see me, but has he spoken more than two words to me?” Gloria teased with a mischievous smile. 
Edgar chuckled. “It’s clear to everyone that Mr. Martin is truly fond of Mrs. Martin.” 
“I’m just worried he doesn’t realize it himself.” Gloria thought Joe was great in every way, but he lacked some emotional insight. 
“Mr. Martin will figure it out. Besides, Mrs. Martin cares for him too. Whenever I visit Galaxy Villa, I see how meticulously she manages it. She clearly treats Galaxy Villa as her home.” 
Gloria nodded in agreement. “Neither of them has had it easy.” 
“They’ve come
###chapter506
Edgar suggested, “How about we arrange for the maids who clean Galaxy Villa every day to discreetly poke a few holes in Mr. Martin’s condoms? Just a few pricks in each one.” 
Edgar rarely thought up such schemes. However, as he spoke, his eyes lit up as if he were personally going to carry out the deed. 
Gloria’s eyes sparkled with intrigue. Suddenly, she remembered something. “Is that how your grandson was conceived?” 
Edgar suddenly began coughing uncontrollably. His eyes darted around nervously. He was at a loss, unsure how to answer Gloria’s question. 
Gloria seemed to see through everything. She said, “No need to rush. Let’s wait a bit longer until Skye’s health is fully recovered. Besides, those troublesome people will be back from abroad in a few days. They’ll have a lot to deal with, so it’s better to wait until everything is settled before having a child.” 
0 
Her expression grew serious as she spoke. Edgar also sobered up. He didn’t dare to say more. 
— 
In Jipsburg City, heavycain began falling. The air turned damp, and the sky grew dark. It was perfect for Austin’s scene, which required heavy rain. 
The director, Blake Booth, had been waiting for such weather for over a month. The scenes that were pre–arranged would all be completed today. 
Natalie was well–informed about the plan. Hence, she arrived early according to Blake’s provided time. 
When Austin arrived on set and saw Natalie, he was surprised. “You…” 
Natalie immediately flashed her usual carefree smile. “I’m here to work today, right on time! I’ve got hot water, towels, and fresh clothes ready. I won’t let your 
catch a cold.” 
Austin looked at Natalie and smiled. “Don’t worry. I’m not that fragile. It’s just a 
bit of rain. 
Hank was standing nearby. He shook his head and said, “You have a commercial and a variety show to shoot tomorrow. You should be careful 
today.” 
Over the years, Hank had been by Austin’s side, helping him navigate through numerous challenges. 
A few rain scenes were nothing, but Austin had injured himself doing many dangerous stunts. His knees still ached whenever it rained. 
Hank couldn’t help but feel that Austin had an unusual attachment to Natalie. Although he knew some matters and felt pity for Natalie, he didn’t want Austin to make a mistake that would ruin everything they had worked for. 
The scenes were shot seamlessly, thanks to the skilled performance of Austin and his co–stars. They wrapped up quickly. 
Everything Natalie had prepared came in handy, including the hot peppermint tea she had bought from a nearby hotel while Austin was filming. 
In the car, Austin downed the hot peppermint tea in one go. Hank subtly raised an eyebrow. He had never seen Austin willingly drink hot peppermint tea before. 
Hank thought to himself, “Who are you kidding by saying you’re indifferent to Natalie?” 
“Did you drink any?” Austin asked Natalie) 
Natalie shook her head. “I didn’t get caught in the rain, so there’s no need for me to drink anything.” 
Austin glanced at her. He noticed how much thinner she looked. “Have you been sick these past few days and not eating?” 
“Huh? I’ve been eating, just not a lot. I’m all better now, though. No worries, Mr. Powell. It won’t affect my work at all.” 
Natalie didn’t dare to look up. Her eyes showed vulnerabilities and pain that couldn’t be hidden. 
Perhaps Austin’s concern made her unable to stop recalling the experiences of these past few days. 
3/ 
Some things came to mind even when one tried consciously to avoid them. 
Hank had a strong perception. He sensed something unusual with Natalie. 
He immediately chimed in with a cheerful tone, “You did a good job, though! I didn’t even think of preparing hot peppermint tea, but you did. Good job!” 
“Of course! When I put my mind to it, no one can do it better than me,” Natalie replied. She put on her usual proud demeanor. 
###chapter507
Austin chuckled lightly and said, “You’re right, Hank.” 
“I expect a raise,” Hank chimed in. 
Natalie, as Jeremy’s wife, wasn’t short of money. However, Hank couldn’t deny Natalie’s excellent work ethic. 
Natalie’s eyes widened with delight. “A raise? Thank you!” 
She was quietly thrilled. “Wow!” 
She always said hard work paid off and that dedication was rewarded. It turned out she was right– she just got a raise! 
Not far away, a car pulled up in the rain. Jeremy glanced at the car opposite. He clearly saw Natalie chatting happily with Austin. His expression darkened. 
“Mr. Hughes, Mrs. Hughes’s lawyer, Truman Harper, wants to talk to you,” Jeremy’s assistant, Tristan Howell, said from the front seat. 
Jeremy pulled his frosty gaze back. “No need. Tell him divorce is out of the question.” 
Skylar went to Harvey’s school on the weekend to drop off some necessities. With exams approaching, Harvey hadn’t returned home all month. 
After a brief conversation with Skylar at the school gate, he returned inside to 
continue his studies. 
Then, Skylar returned home and discussed the idea of opening a store with 
Janine. 
Skylar–planned to source items from the antique street and list them in their store. They also wanted to hire a few people to handle shipping. Then, Janine would manage the business. 
As they chatted, Skylar called Daniel to discuss the partnership details. Skylar’s store had achieved some success. Hence, it was a good time for 
transformation. 
Janine suggested thinking through the process and making a plan. During this time, since Harvey was staying at school, Janine often attended classes at a nearby community college to learn computer skills. 
She even created well–organized spreadsheets and also downloaded all the popular apps that young people love to play on their phones. 
Seeing Janine keep up with the times, Skylar was fully supportive. They chatted until their mouths were dry. Then, Janine made some lemonade. 
“Oh, I forgot to tell you about Steven. His relationship with Annie is very stable. He’s considering the next step. He’s not getting any younger and should think about marriage. 
“We can’t let Annie feel neglected. In a few days, he’ll visit her parents. We’ll 
what conditions they have, and he’ll let us know afterward. 
see 
“I’ve saved the money Steven and Charles have earned over the years. Steven’s career is doing well, and his income is high. I hope that his visit to Annie’s family goes smoothly. After all, he’s had a tough time over the past few years.” 
The children lacked a father figure. Steven, the eldest brother, played the father figure role. With Steven’s help and the maturity of the other children, Janine persevered until now. 
Looking back, she wasn’t sure how she had managed to raise them. 
When she went to heaven after she died and saw her husband, she would be 
able to face him with a clear conscience, 
Skylar sipped on her lemonade, reflecting on Janine’s words. She said, “You’re right, Mom. Steven has never once thought about himself all these years. He’s always sacrificed for our family. He deserves to be the happiest.” 
With everything that had happened recently, Skylar had almost forgotten about Steven and Annie’s relationship. 
Steven’s decision to discuss his plans with Janine showed his genuine feelings for Annie. 
However, Annie… 
Skylar pondered whether Annie truly loved Steven or if she had ulterior motives. 
###chapter508
Skylar had a prior arrangement with Natalie in the evening and left early. On the way, she chatted briefly with Steven. 
From Steven’s words, Skylar gleaned that their relationship was progressing rapidly. Hence, Steven was eager to commit to Annie and give her a home. 
soon. 
He had taken a day off on Monday to visit the Silver family with Annie. 
“Annie…” Skylar lightly tapped on the steering wheel with her fingers. 
Coincidentally, Annie called Skylar on her way. “Do you have time tomorrow? Can we meet for lunch?” Annie asked. 
Skylar was already thinking about meeting Annie, so she agreed. “Sure, just send me the time and address.” 
Their conversation was short. They ended after exchanging a few sentences. 
9 
Skylar arrived early at the fondue restaurant where she and Natalie had 
planned to meet. They both had a fondness for fondue and often opted for it during their college days. 
It seemed like they were telepathically synchronized. They arrived almost simultaneously and bumped into each other at the entrance. 
“Anyone who doesn’t know us might think we planned this.” Natalie chuckled. 
Skylar winked and said, “We did, in our hearts.” 
They proceeded upstairs. The fondue restaurant was very affordable. Hence, it was always bustling with people. 
Without a reservation, finding a table on short notice would be tough. They had pre–ordered their dishes. After they took their seats, the proprietress began serving the dishes they had ordered. 
The fondue was savory and aromatic. 
Both of them smelled the aroma, and their eyes lit up. 
“It’s been so long since I’ve had this. It’s the same old flavor. So delicious! 
Other restaurants can’t quite replicate this taste,” Natalie exclaimed. 
She swallowed. Due to her poor appetite, she had recently lost several pounds, but today, with Skylar, she intended to make up for it. 
Skylar felt relieved seeing Natalie’s carefree demeanor. “I’ve ordered all your favorites. Tonight, let’s eat to our heart’s content. I even brought some digestive aids for you.” 
“You really understand me the best.” Natalie was touched. 
“Oh? Nath?” Suddenly, someone appeared before them. 
Skylar happened to face the newcomer. She saw a man in his early 30s 
dressed in a designer suit. He had the air of an elite, clearly out of place in the fondue restaurant. 
Skylar didn’t recognize him. But clearly, he knew Natalie. 
Before Natalie could take a bite, she heard his voice and turned to look. 
Natalie’s smile vanished without a trace at the sight of Andrew Hughes. 
“Well, it’s really you.” Andrew appraised Natalie. 
He had recently heard some rumors about Jeremy. Rumors suggested Jeremy was secretly involved with his secretary, and Natalie hadn’t returned home for the past few days. 
Natalie responded calmly, “What a coincidence, Andrew.” 
Andrew didn’t mind Natalie’s aloofness. He had never gotten along with 
Jeremy since childhood and found the timing quite coincidental. 
“Why didn’t you come with Jeremy? I heard you haven’t been home these past 
few days. Do Aunt Eleanor and Uncle Morton know?” 
Skylar understood now. This person was Jeremy’s cousin. 
The Hughes family in Jispsburg City was prominent. With many family. members, there were also many matters that occurred. 
However, after Natalie married Jeremy, she rarely interacted with the Hughes. family. It was unexpected to encounter a member of the Hughes family in a simple fondue restaurant. 
“You must have heard wrong. It’s best not to listen to all the messy gossip sometimes,” Natalie said calmly. 
Although she had decided to divorce Jeremy and wouldn’t have ties with the Hughes family in the future, it wasn’t time for the scandal to spread. She didn’t want to cause her parents to worry about her. 
Andrew smirked coldly. When Jeremy and Natalie married, his grandfather, 
Marvin Hughes, didn’t approve because Natalie came from an ordinary 
background. 
When Morton Hughes married Eleanor, Marvin was displeased, and Jeremy repeated the same mistake as his father. 
###chapter509
Back then, the Hughes family called it love. However, Andrew never believed in love from the beginning. And here was Jeremy, who was entangled in an extramarital affair. 
Suddenly, his gaze shifted toward Skylar He hadn’t paid much attention to her before. But now, as he looked closely, his eyes widened immediately. 
She was a rare beauty. The kind that was both enchanting and pure, with a hint of scholarly elegance. 
“Natalie, care to introduce?” Andrew asked. 
He had had numerous girlfriends. This was the first time a woman had stunned him at first sight. 
Seeing Andrew’s gaze on Skylar, Natalie’s face darkened. “She’s my friend. If there’s nothing else, I won’t disturb you, Andrew. My friend and I have things to discuss.” 
り 
The intent to drive him away was obvious. However, Andrew acted as if he didn’t understand and took a seat. His gaze was focused on Skylar. “What’s your name, beauty? Let’s exchange WhatsApp contacts first and chat later.” 
“Sorry, I don’t want to,” Skylar replied coldly. 
Andrew narrowed his eyes. “Do you know who I am?” 
While many people now knew Jeremy as a business genius, Marvin favored Andrew within the Hughes family. Many women willingly threw themselves at him. Yet Skylar didn’t spare him a
glance. 
Natalie rolled her eyes. “This is my sister–in–law. Andrew, are you trying to win her over? My cousin’s a detective; even the toughest criminals beg for mercy 
in front of him.” 
Natalie found Andrew incredulous. She couldn’t believe Andrew thought he could charm Skylar right before her. Who did he was? 
Men from the Hughes family weren’t good people, except for Morton. Anyone who married into them was unlucky. 
Skylar heard the term “sister–in–law” and thought that once Natalie’s matter was settled, she would tell about her marriage to Joe. It wasn’t ideal for Natalie to keep misunderstanding the situation like that. 
Andrew hadn’t expected the beautiful woman before him to be married. He had been with a married woman before, but a detective’s wife… 
Even if she was stunning, he didn’t want to be involved with her. He feared it could lead to trouble. 
It could lead to a lot of mess. Andrew wondered if such a beautiful woman had ever considered marrying into wealth. Marrying a detective and living a tought life was really not a smart move. 
“What do you take me for, Natalie? You’ve misunderstood me. I have things to do. You go ahead and eat. Today’s meal is on me. Enjoy,” Andrew generously said as he left. 
Natalie declined bluntly. “We’ve already paid. Thanks.” 
Andrew’s face stiffened, and his demeanor instantly turned cold. Without saying another word, he headed Straight to the innermost private room. 
Even in such a noisy environment, they could hear people inside the private room calling Andrew “Mr. Hughes“. 
” 
“This is so unlucky. How did we end up meeting him in a city as big as Jipsburg? I don’t want to see anyone from the Hughes family except for Jeremy’s parents,” Natalie said. Her face darkened. 
Though she hated Jeremy for cheating, it was his own doing. Morton and Eleanor treated her well. Moreover, both families got along well. 
The thought of their divorce affecting them made her want to avoid the whole situation. She didn’t know how to confront them. 
Skylar placed some cooked prawns into Natalie’s bowl. “There’s no need to let him affect your mood. He’s not worth it.” 
“Skye, you’re right. He’s not worth it.” 
As the two laughed and chatted while eating, Andrew took a photo of them and sent it to Jeremy with the message. “Is your wife really considering divorcing 
you?” 
###chapter510
Andrew recalled something after sending the photo to Jeremy and flaunting 
them. 
He blurred out Natalie but highlighted Skylar’s presence. He then posted on Instagram with a teasing caption, “Rarely do I find a woman I instantly want to sleep with, but she’s married, and to a detective no less.” 
As soon as he posted it, comments flooded in. 
“Married woman, huh? Go for it! Who can resist your charm, Mr. Hughes?” 
“Just seeing her in a photo makes me want to sleep with her too. Damn it! It’s not fully dark yet.” 
“There’s a girl around 18 in that new talent show who looks a lot like her. Maybe you should take a look.” 
“I’ve noticed that girl before. No way, she’s not even close. Just in terms of demeanor, she can’t compare with her.” 
The comment on Andrew’s Instagram post quickly turned into a barrage of crude jokes and suggestions. 
Some even advised Andrew to be bolder and pursue her. If he succeeded, it would be both a mental and physical pleasure. 
Andrew never imagined that Rowan would see his Instagram post. When Rowan came across the post, he rubbed his eyes, thinking he might be 
mistaken. 
The dim lighting during dinner hour at the fondue restaurant wasn’t like daytime brightness. But no one could resemble Skylar. At a glance, it was unmistakably Skylar 
It was just… 
Rowan commented, “Her husband’s a detective?” 
Then, he took a screenshot and sent it to Joe with a message, “How did Skylar’s husband become a detective? Also, check out these comments. They’re already fantasizing about your wife, especially Andrew. He’s seriously 
considering how to sleep with her.” 
Rowan enjoyed the spectacle without concern about its consequences. He 
knew boldness wasn’t his forte. However, Andrew kept changing women one after another. 
When Marcus was in trouble before, Andrew seemed to have visited the hospital frequently and undergone several tests. 
Andrew never expected Rowan to leave a comment on his Instagram post one day. It felt like a moment of personal triumph. There was no harm in befriending Rowan. 
Andrew promptly replied Rowan, “That’s right. Her husband’s a detective. Tool bad. But I might give it a try. Maybe she’ll divorce for me.” 
Upon seeing his reply, Rowan laughed so hard that he almost sprayed water 
from his mouth. 
“Divorce?” He pondered whether Andrew was mistaken about his abilities. 
Then, Rowan promptly screenshotted the conversation and sent it to Joe. 
However, after several minutes, he still hadn’t received a response from Joe. He thought that the workaholic was likely engrossed in his work again. 
Rowan pondered momentarily before replying to Andrew, “You’ve got guts.” 
Andrew had consume some alcohol, so he felt a bit woozy. Besides; anyone who came today was flattering and trying to please him. He felt like he was superior to Jeremy. 
Coupled with Rowan’s comment, “You’ve got guts,” it seemed like an indirect encouragement. 
If he could win over Skylar, everyone would respect him. With this newfound confidence, Andrew was ready to make his move soon. 
Meanwhile, Jeremy caught sight of Andrew’s message. 
Jeremy’s heart tightened when Natalie smiled brightly in the photo with Skylar. 
Natalie didn’t appear the least bit heartbroken without him. He stared at the photo for a long moment before replying to Andrew, “Don’t speak out of turn, or I’ll make sure you regret it.” 
3.3 
Andrew was already somewhat intoxicated. 
He smirked at Jeremy’s response and replied, “Everyone knows about your affair with your secretary. If you can control yourself, stop fooling around with another woman. What are you threatening me for? Do you think I’m afraid of you? I don’t have time for your business. 
###chapter511
Jeremy chose not to respond to Andrew. Andrew appeared bold, but he didn’t dare lay a finger on him. He didn’t have much authority. 
Jeremy decided to give Natalie some space. Once she had calmed down, he planned to have a serious conversation with her. 
Later, Jeremy noticed Andrew’s Instagram post, where Andrew and others. were making fun of Skylar. 
Immediately, he messaged Andrew, “Delete the post! Skylar isn’t someone you can mock and fantasize about. Don’t stir up trouble.” 
Andrew saw Jeremy’s message but chose to ignore it. He thought, “Trouble? Because her husband is a detective? So what if he’s a detective? If he couldn’t 
keep his wife, why blame others? Besides, no woman can resist the lure of 
money.” 
He hadn’t seen Skylar at various events before. She looked like she came from an ordinary family. If she could have a fling with him, it must be a jackpot for her. He thought Skylar was a pretty name for a beauty like her. 
After drinking a few more sips of alcohol, he exchanged a few words with his companions and left the private room. 
Meanwhile, Skylar and Natalie had finished their meal. Natalie updated Skylar on the progress of her divorce proceedings. 
“I just worried my parents would be angry and would disagree. Jeremy knows me too well. I really don’t want to cause a rift and ruin our families‘ relationship, “Natalie said. She sighed helplessly. 
Perhaps due to the fondue’s steam, Skylar’s cheeks were slightly flushed. There was a hint of worry in her eyes. 
Skylar felt deeply for Natalie having to go through all this. She said, “Believe in yourself. Nothing can defeat you. The Natalie I know is brave and resilient.” 
“You’re right! Things that I never thought would happen have happened now, haven’t they? When the time comes, everything will fall into place. I’m not going to worry about it anymore,” Natalie replied. 
She shook her head, intending to shake off all these troubles. 
She wasn’t the type to be easily defeated. After all, he was just a man. It wasn’t á big deal. 
“Natalie, since we’ve met, let’s hang out together. Tonight, a few friends and I are taking our sports cars for a spin. Join us!” As Andrew spoke, he took out the keys to his flashy sports car. It revealed the gleaming car emblem on top. 
Upon hearing his words, Natalie turned to Andrew. “Andrew, are you insane? Take a spin. Just because you carry a bunch of keys, you think you can pursue Skye?” 
Natalie was furious. She thought to herself, “What’s wrong with him? All the men from the Hughes family must have mental illness. Can’t they live without fooling around with women?” 
The leering gaze he fixed on Skylar was disgusting. She wouldn’t let Skylar get involved in this kind of matter again. 
Skylar gave Andrew a cold glance. 
“Natalie, don’t be so shameless. Just because Jeremy protects you doesn’t mean you can disregard me,” Andrew retorted. 
In the sway of alcohol, his emotions were heightened. 
He could sleep with any woman he wanted, even married women or those with children. 
“Hey, gorgeous. How about one million dollars if you ride in my sports car? Your husband doesn’t make one million in ten years, right? Opportunities like this don’t come every day. Don’t let Natalie stand in the way of your financial success,” Andrew declared arrogantly. 
His high–handed manner was that of a wealthy and unrestrained trust fund baby. 
Natalie fumed, “Andrew, are you out of your mind?” 
“I’m not interested.” Skylar rejected coldly. 
A few people walked over from the private room. They were Andrews’s friends. 
They had come to check out the popular fondue restaurant they had heard 
about online. That was when they spotted Skylar. However, she didn’t show 
Andrew any respect. 
Immediately, someone pointed at Skylar and said, “Today, for Mr. Hughes’s sake, you’d better listen to us!” 
Enjoy Ad–Free Readings 
###chapter512
Andrew couldn’t afford to be embarrassed now that his friends were there. “Did you hear me? Today, you must ride my car!” 
Andrew was determined to win over Skylar. 
Natalie was furious. “Andrew, take your friends and leave now. Don’t think a few measly dollars can make people do things they don’t want. Skye doesn’t lack money.” 
“If I refuse to give in to you, what can you do?” Skylar rubbed her wrist. It had been a while since she fought. She wondered how to fight in a way that would qualify as perfect self– defense. 
Seeing Skylar’s say?” 
slender arms and waist, Andrew chuckled. “What do you 
“Mr. Hughes, we’re here to help you.” 
They were probably drunk. Those men showed unusually bold courage, taking advantage of Andrew’s status in the Hughes family. 
Regardless of the place or how many people were around, they were intent on confronting Skylar head–on. 
Other diners at nearby tables couldn’t help but gasp at the scene unfolding. 
“What are you doing? Don’t disturb the two ladies.” Someone stepped forward 
to intervene. 
Several men ganged up on the two women, and this display was too much for some spirited men to bear. 
The proprietress rushed over upon seeing the situation. “What’s going on?” 
Andrew felt annoyed as so many people suddenly appeared and interjected.” Get lost, all of you! It’s none of your business. We know each other.” 
“Yeah, why do people meddle in things that aren’t their business everywhere? 
Do we look like bullies?” 
One of them was bold. He reached out toward Skylar, intending to take her 
away. 
Just as his hand was about to touch Skylar, a horrific scream echoed in the 
entire fondue restaurant. 
The others looked over and froze. Skylar was holding a fork. She had just stabbed it into the man’s arm. 
Natalie blinked. Suddenly, she recalled that Skylar was skilled in fighting. 
“Nath, call the police.” Skylar calmly reminded Natalie. 
In the current situation, calling the police was the only solution. These men were clearly intoxicated. 
Intoxicated individuals often lacked rationality. Sometimes, they couldn’t 
control their actions. 
“I have already called the police. The police station is next door; they’ll be here any moment,” a young woman suddenly shouted. 
Skylar smiled at her. “Thank you.” 
Joe’s demeanor turned as cold as a midwinter’s day upon seeing the screenshots from Rowan. 
Even Paul felt a chill sitting in the same car. He needed to bundle up in his down jacket. 
“Mr. Martin, is something wrong?” Paul asked nervously. 
“Andrew is asking for trouble,” Joe replied icily. 
“Andrew?” Paul was confused by his words. He wondered what was going on. 
— 
Andrew had summoned his lawyer, Shane Ballard, to the police station. 
###chapter513
Shane accused Skylar of seducing Andrew. The incident at the fondue 
restaurant was a misunderstanding. The others had no idea what had actually happened. 
Skylar likely caused such a big fuss over the price that they ended up at the police station. 
Andrew was mostly sober now. However, he didn’t care much about the situation. After all, he just needed to deflect blame. 
Andrew said, “Yeah, she said she’d be with me tonight, but then she asked for one million. Even if she’s pretty, she’s not worth one million, right? I’m not a sucker.” 
“You’re talking nonsense! Who said she agreed to be with you? I can testify It was you who approached and harassed us.” Natalie slammed the table furiously. She was itching to slap Andrew. 
9 
“Natalie, even if you have a falling out with Jeremy, watch your words. Are you making friends indiscriminately outside? Does Jeremy know about this?” Andrew continued arrogantly. 
Shane addressed Skylar, “You will be held accountable for the impact on my client today. If I were you, I would admit my mistake now and apologize to my client. Otherwise, the consequences will be more than you can handle.” 
“Even if your husband is a detective, I have ways to make this matter big. When public opinion comes out, your husband’s job may not be secure anymore.” Apologize now while you still have the chance.” Andrew’s eyes coldly assessed Skylar. 
Skylar was becoming more alluring by the minute. 
Perhaps tonight, he could get her into bed. 
“All of you should be the ones to apologize. My lawyer will be here in a few minutes.” Skylar glanced at the time. 
When she heard Andrew calling his lawyer, she immediately called Jacky. He was already on his way. 
“Officer, they’re all slandering us. Don’t trust a word they say.” Natalie seethed with anger at Andrew’s shamelessness. She knew all too well how these wealthy and influential people could manipulate public opinion in no time. 
Soon, truth or falsehood wouldn’t matter to anyone anymore. 
Natalie hadn’t expected a simple outing for fondue to become such a mess. 
Natalie felt sorry for Skylar. She wondered if Skylar had been scared by all this. 
Skylar said she would hire a lawyer to come over. He wondered if that lawyer would dare to confront Andrew’s lawyer, Shane. 
After all, Shane had a reputation in Jipsburg City. 
Andrew had even enlisted a PR team to salvage his image promptly. 
11 
The police officer was stuck in a dilemma, struggling to grasp the truth. There’s no surveillance footage on site. We’re still gathering evidence at the fondue restaurant. Please remain patient.” 
“This isn’t about patience. They’re just bullying us.” Natalie’s eyes reddened with frustration. 
At the moment of the incident, she had a fleeting impulse to call Jeremy. But she quickly reconsidered. She couldn’t contact Jeremy. 
Unless… 
If things really spiraled out of control, she would consider contacting Jeremy. She couldn’t risk Skylar getting into trouble, so she hoped the police could handle this. She also hoped that those witnesses at the fondue restaurant would step forward and testify to what they saw. 
“Skye.” Natalie looked at Skylar with concern. 
Seeing Natalie’s anxious expression, Skylar reassured her, saying, “It’s alright. My lawyer will be here in a few minutes. He was nearby having dinner, so he’ll 
arrive soon. 
Seeing Skylar’s optimism, Natalie wanted to say something. But glancing at Andrew, who stood arrogantly nearby, she held back her words, 
She thought to herself, “Let’s not dwell on what hasn’t happened yet. Besides, whoever Skylar trusts must be capable.” 
Shane seemed unfazed. He casually lifted his chin. His methods were beyond what ordinary lawyers could handle. 
If these trivial matters couldn’t be settled easily, there was no reason for 
Andrew to trust him. 
“Why make things so difficult? Later, if you come crying to me, I won’t be sympathetic,” Andrew said. He was somewhat exasperated. It was such a waste of his time. 
“She just injured one of my friends earlier. Let’s also have her compensate for that,” Andrew said to Shane. 
Shane took note. 
Natalie took a deep breath. She clenched her teeth and murmured, “Shameless! 
“1 
The police noted the situation, realizing Andrew wasn’t someone to mess with. 
Skylar looked at Andrew with a cool expression. “If we’re talking compensation, it should be you compensating me:” 
###chapter514
Skylar’s voice was quiet, barely hinting at anger. She appeared calm and composed. Yet, her rebuttal couldn’t be ignored. 
She seemed beautiful and delicate, but she was also quick with her wits and ruthless. She handled things calmly and confidently. 
Both Andrew and Shane were momentarily taken aback. 
Soon, Andrew found it somewhat amusing. “You’ve been too sheltered by your family, and you probably didn’t know the harsh realities out here.” 
“She’s right. It’s you who should compensate us. This won’t be settled today.” Natalie glared at Andrew with disgust. 
Andrew was speechless. “We’re family. There’s no benefit in offending me. Grandpa already dislikes you. If you cross me again, aren’t you afraid he’ll get Jeremy to divorce you?” 
Natalie clenched her teeth and speered. “I’m not afraid.” 
There was nothing to fear. It was just a divorce–precisely what she wanted. If Marvin could make Jeremy divorce her, she would consider it the right 
decision. 
Andrew chuckled coldly. He didn’t believe Natalie would willingly divorce someone as wealthy and prominent as Jeremy in Jipsburg. 
The current situation left Skylar and Natalie at a disadvantage against Andrew 
and Shane. 
Yet, at that moment, a figure appeared. Shane was shocked, moving from initial astonishment to utter disbelief. “Jacky…” 
“Mr. Lourdes, I’m sorry to disturb you again during your time off,” Skylar said as she approached Jacky. 
Jacky nodded at Skylar. “It’s alright. I happened to be nearby. I got the details on the way. Leave this matter to me, and don’t worry.” 
Joe was just outside. Before Jacky entered, Joe had told him that Andrew was bold enough to try to sleep with Skylar. Joe intended to teach Andrew a lesson 
on behalf of Marvin. 
When Andrew saw Jacky, he thought he was mistaken. Then, his eyes widened 
in shock. 
Natalie hadn’t seen Jacky before, but he seemed quite formidable. Looking at Andrew and Shane, it was clear they were also surprised. 
Andrew quickly looked at Skylar. He wondered how Skylar knew Jacky. 
Jacky was notoriously difficult, and he had Joe backing him. In Jipsburg, the one person Andrew feared the most was Joe. Joe was ruthless in his actions. 
No wonder Skylar seemed so calm. It turned out she had powerful 
connections. She might look high and mighty, but she probably had been with many people before. 
At that moment, Andrew’s phone rang. He glanced at it and saw that Marvin was calling. He immediately answered, “Grandpa?” 
Marvin’s furious voice came through the phone. “Get back here right now! Do you have any idea what kind of trouble you’ve caused?” 
“Grandpa, I… I’m outside. I didn’t do anything.” Andrew was utterly confused. 
Marvin always doted on him, and he knew how to keep Marvin happy. It was rare for Marvin to yell at him. 
Andrew pondered why Marvin was so angry. It was as if he had caused a huge problem. 
“Didn’t do anything? You ended up at the police station and called that nothing? I never interfered with your personal affairs, but you messed with the wrong person today. Do you even know what you’ve done?” Marvin roared, his head pounding with frustration. 
Andrew only knew how to please him and nothing else. Unwittingly, he had caused a major problem. 
“The wrong person?” Andrew frowned. “I know her husband is a detective, but my lawyer can handle this. Don’t worry, Grandpa.” 
Natalie blinked upon hearing that Skylar’s husband was a detective. 
Skylar glanced at Jacky. She sensed that the misunderstanding was 
deepening. 
Jacky raised an eyebrow. He now understood why Joe was so furious. Andrew was clearly blind and foolish. 
###chapter515
Marvin roared in frustration. “Detective? Ridiculous! Do you believe everything others say? Apologize to her properly, and then get back here!” 
In the Hughes Residence, everyone used to cater to Marvin, fearing to 
displease him. 
Even over the phone, Andrew could keenly feel Marvin’s rage. It felt like Marvin could kick him through the phone at any moment. 
Andrew turned sharply to Natalie and asked, “What does her husband do exactly?” 
Natalie was taken aback by the question. She replied, “Why do you care what 
her husband does?” 
“What is your…” Andrew started again. He glanced at Skylar. 
Skylar remained unruffled. She chose not to respond to him. 
Andrew’s last bit of intoxication Vanished instantly. Marvin rarely got this angry. He turned to Jacky and asked, “Who is her husband exactly?” 
Jacky remained silent. 
“You’re asking too many questions.” Natalie felt guilty inwardly. 
She had lied earlier, using Elliott as a shield. Skylar didn’t even have a boyfriend, let alone a husband. 
However, she pondered why Andrew was so fixated on knowing Skylar’s 
husband. He must be out of his mind 9 
Just then, the police returned from collecting statements at the fondue restaurant. He was accompanied by a few people. 
“They’re here to testify for the two women,” the police stated upon entering. 
After hearing this, Jacky turned to Andrew and said, “Now we can have a proper discussion.” 
Andrew suddenly felt weak in his knees. 
Half an hour later, Andrew walked out of the police station. He looked dazed 
and distant. As he exited, he noticed a car parked by the roadside. 
He glanced over and saw someone through the partially lowered window. 
At first glance, the face seemed familiar. Upon closer inspection, he couldn’t believe it was Joe. 
Suddenly, it dawned on him. Skylar’s husband wasn’t some kind of damn detective. Her husband was Joe. 
No wonder Jacky had come personally. 
No wonder Marvin had called him. 
Frantically, Andrew pulled out his phone. Just as he was about to delete his Instagram post, his eyes fell on a comment left by Rowan. 
Rowan had remarked on his daring nature. 
Initially, Andrew had taken Rowan’s comment as a compliment. Now, he realized, Rowan must have known about Skylar’s relationship with Joe all along. 
With such a wide circle of acquaintances, it baffled him that no one had mentioned Joe having a woman by his side. 
Jipsburg City boasted many debutantes from prestigious families, yet Joe had never taken an interest in any of them. He felt it was hard to believe. 
Andrew dared not look at Joe anymore and hurriedly fled. He could already imagine the punishment awaiting him when he returned home. 
Minutes later, Skylar, Natalie, and Jacky emerged from the police station. As Skylar stepped out, the cars parked along the roadside immediately lowered their half–opened windows. 
Joe’s stern and aristocratic face emerged. 
Skylar froze upon seeing Joe. She was surprised he was there. 
Jacky nodded toward Joe. Joe glanced past Jacky and fixed his cold, dark gaze on Skylar. 
Natalie followed their line of sight and spotted Joe. “Joe Martin?” 
She wondered why Joe was there. 
Suddenly, it felt like something snapped in her mind. She immediately widened her eyes and turned to Skylar. “Do you need to explain something to me?” 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter516
Natalie recalled Skylar mentioning marrying Joe, so it was true. Previously, she didn’t believe a word Skylar said. Now, she felt like a fool. 
Skylar hadn’t expected to reveal this to Natalie right now. “Everything I told you before was true. He’s my husband.” 
Natalie’s lips twitched as she reminded herself to stay calm. Then, she hinted meaningfully, saying, “No wonder Andrew was so shocked earlier. It turned out he knew about your relationship with Joe. You better go over there. 
“We can settle things here, but you need to explain yourself properly over there. You can make it up to me in a couple of days. If I had known he was your husband, I wouldn’t have brought up anything about your husband being my cousin, the detective.” 
She patted Skylar on the shoulder. “Good luck. I’m getting a cab.” 
Jacky had left without anyone noticing. Natalie had slipped away too. 
9 
Skylar faced Joe’s intense and inscrutable gaze. She took a deep breath and walked over. 
As Skylar settled into the car, Joe’s first words were, “Is your husband a detective? How did you end up with this guy?” 
Joe vaguely recalled Natalie introducing Skylar to a man who seemed to be a detective. Joe wondered if she thought of him first in moments of danger. 
Joe pondered why she hadn’t thought to use his name in that situation. It seemed like she didn’t realize the name “Joe Martin” carried more weight. 
“Well… at the time, we didn’t think much about it. It was just something we mentioned casually? Unexpectedly, Andrew took it seriously,” Skylar explained helplessly. 
She really hadn’t expected Joe to find out. 
Joe seemed skeptical. “Have you taken a liking to that detective?” 
That man did seem to attract women. For some reason, it made him feel 
uneasy. 
Skylar was taken aback. She looked into Joe’s cold and inscrutable eyes. 
She asked directly, “Are you jealous?” 
Joe frowned. “You’re overthinking it.‘ 
He would never be jealous. 
After watching Joe’s car leave, Natalie prepared to hail a cab. At this hour, there were plenty of cabs on the road. 
Natalie hailed a cab, wondering what was happening between Skylar and Joe. She didn’t know how they ended up together, and there were no signs of it. 
Skylar really made a big move. 
Skylar was able to marry a man like Joe. She was quite impressive. 
As Natalie silently criticized, a car pulled up in front of her. 
Upon seeing the familiar car parked in front of her instead of a cab, her 
? 
expression changed abruptly. She came to a sudden halt. 
A tall figure emerged from the car. He approached Natalie urgently, and his tone was somewhat concerned. “Are you alright? Did Andrew hurt you?” 
In the past, Natalie would have definitely thrown herself at Jeremy and poured out her grievances. She would have made Jeremy help her seek justice. She truly had been scared just now. Despite that, she stood her ground, not moving 
an inch. 
“I’m fine,” Natalie said coldly. 
Jeremy furrowed his brows. “Get in the car.” 
Seeing Natalie’s distance and wariness toward him, Jeremy felt a sharp pain in his chest. Initially, it was a dull ache, but then it spread throughout his body. 
“No need. I’ll take a cab,” Natalie said, walking away. 
She couldn’t understand why Jeremy could maintain a fa?ade of normalcy as if nothing had ever happened even though he had betrayed their marriage. 
Natalie couldn’t pretend like nothing had happened. 
###chapter517
Whenever Natalie saw Jeremy, she couldn’t help but recall the scene of him 
with Annabelle. 
“Natalie, you’re my wife,” Jeremy reminded her. 
Natalie’s eyes reddened, and she tightly bit her lip. “Jeremy, we’re already preparing for divorce. I don’t want to see you. Do you even realize how much I hate you? Did you ever think about the fact that you had a wife when you cheated?” 
Jeremy had shattered everything. He had turned their love into a joke. Yet now, he acted as if none of it had happened. He even refused to agree to a divorce. Natalie couldn’t fathom what he was clinging to. 
“I’m giving you your freedom. You can be with other women. Why do you need to fool around behind my back?” 
Listening to Natalie’s increasingly unreasonable words, Jeremy replied in a deep voice, “My affair with Annabelle was an accident. I won’t be with any other woman, Nath. I can’t divorce you.” 
Even now, Jeremy couldn’t understand himself. He didn’t love Annabelle, yet he couldn’t control himself at a crucial moment. He had indeed betrayed Natalie, but he couldn’t just let go. 
“An accident?” Natalie scoffed. She smirked at Jeremy’s causal use of “an accident” to downplay his affair. 
Natalie felt increasingly air. 
about who Jeremy was. 
“Let’s go home,” Jeremy said in a low voice. 
Natalie’s face turned pale. She felt a chill run through her. She pushed away Jeremy, who was approaching her. “I hope you agree to divorce soon! Jeremy, I can’t forgive you.” 
She hurriedly hailed a cab by the roadside and gave the driver her apartment’s address. 
Jeremy stood frozen in place. His spine stiffened as he stared at the cab disappearing into the distance. It took him a long time to snap out of it. 
He hadn’t gotten into his car. He took out a cigarette and lighted it slowly. 
Smoke rings were exhaled one after another. 
He looked somewhat dejected. 
Seeing this from the driver’s seat, Victor couldn’t fathom it. Given Jeremy’s deep love for Natalie, Victor wondered how he could have had an affair. 
Jeremy was trying to win Natalie back now. Victor doubted Natalie would forgive Jeremy so easily. 
Just as they entered Galaxy Villa, Joe received a call. 
Faintly, Skylar heard Rowan’s laughter on the other end of the line. 
Rowan said, “Andrew actually posted another update on Instagram, apologizing specifically to Skylar. Many people are asking what exactly happened. 
“Although Skylar’s name wasn’t mentioned, he self–analyzed where he went wrong. It’s hilarious! I heard Mr. Hughes Senior personally slapped him, and his face swelled up from it.‘ 
11 
Joe’s tone carried a cold edge. “Anyone who dares to touch what’s mine must have some nerve.” 
Skylar’s heart skipped a beat when she heard him calling her his. She glanced back at Joe. 
Joe also looked at her. 
When their gazes met, Joe’s deep and distant eyes quickly withdrew. 
Skylar smiled subtly. After all, she was Joe’s acknowledged wife. Regardless of their relationship’s emotional nuances, her status alone meant Joe wouldn’t tolerate any disrespect toward her. 
“Andrew probably didn’t expect a casual fondue dinner to end up in such big trouble. He thought it would be like any other time he flirted with a beautiful woman,” Rowan remarked. 
Joe wasn’t keen on small talk with Rowan. “I have things to do. I’ll hang up.” 
After ending the call, Joe walked over to Skylar. 
Since getting into the car, neither of them had said much. However, Skylar’s indifference to who her husband was had left Joe somewhat dissatisfied. 
“I’ll go take a shower,” Skylar told him. 
The sudden events of the day disrupted her plans with Natalie. They originally intended to go shopping at a nearby mall. 
Suddenly, Joe stopped her. “Wait.” 
###chapter518
Skylar looked at Joe. She wondered what else he wanted to say. 
“If you ever find yourself in a situation like this again, just say your husband is Joe Martin,” he stated. 
Skylar didn’t know why she wanted to laugh, but she held it back. She didn’t expect Joe to have such a childish side. 
This was the first time she had encountered such an incident. If it happened again, she doubted anyone would believe her, even if she claimed Joe as her husband. 
Their eyes met briefly. Skylar noticed him look away, averting her gaze. 
“Alright,” she agreed. 
While Skylar went upstairs to shower, Joe received a call from Jeremy. 
Jeremy said, “I heard what happened earlier.” 
9 
Joe replied, “Mr. Hughes Senior has been too lenient with Andrew. Tell him Skylar is my wife.” 
Jeremy asked, “You want to make Andrew pay?” 
Joe scoffed and said, “At least break his leg. He tried to sleep with my wife. I almost want to kill him.” 
After saying that, Joe realized he was possessive of Skylar. The thought of another man coveting her was intolerable. Perhaps it was because they were 
married. 
“Good. I’ve had enough of Andrew. This is the perfect opportunity to deal with him,” Jeremy agreed without hesitation. 
Joe gave a noncommittal grunt. 
Just as Joe thought Jeremy was about to hang up, he spoke again. “Has Skylar ever mentioned anything about Nath?” 
“She knows you cheated?” Joe asked in return. 
Jeremy took a drag from his cigarette. The ashtray was already filled with 
cigarette butts. His expression grew even darker in the night. “Natalie found out. She wants a divorce.” 
“A divorce? Did you agree?” 
“I can’t agree to a divorce. Has Skylar shared any of Nath’s thoughts with you?” 
Joe was silent for a few seconds. “Skylar and I aren’t at the stage where we share secrets about others.” 
“Alright, I understand,” Jeremy said before hanging up. 
Joe looked at his phone’s dark screen and tossed it aside. He glanced upstairs, his brows furrowing slightly. 
There was an inexplicable sense of gloom hanging over Joe. This was a heaviness he couldn’t quite shake off. 
The next day, around noon, Skylar headed to a restaurant as per the time and location sent by Annie. 
It was a quiet, upscale Wiscadian restaurant. It was perfect for private conversations. 
Annie had also chosen this restaurant for their previous meeting. Ten minutes before Skylar arrived, Annie sent her message. She said she was already there. When Skylar walked in, she found Annie had already ordered their meals. 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter519
Skylar glanced over the dishes laid out before her. She found them quite to her 
taste. 
Skylar wasn’t particularly fond of Wiscadian cuisine, but she enjoyed certain 
dishes. 
“I asked Steven what you might like from Wiscadian cuisine, and I’ve ordered those. You can see if it suits your taste.” Annie spoke softly. She had taken the initiative to connect with Skylar. 
She was now actively showing goodwill toward Skylar. 
Skylar sensed Annie’s proactive gesture and nodded lightly. She said, “Thank you. These look delicious.” 
Annie noticed Skylar’s reserved demeanor. For a brief moment, her face stiffened, but she quickly recovered and dismissed it as inconsequential. 
“That’s good to hear.” Annie smiled gently. 
With neither Steven nor Janine present, Skylar’s attitude toward Annie gained a touch more genuine indifference. She said, “If there’s something on your mind, just say it.” 
“Well, there’s nothing specific. It’s just that Steven and I are both satisfied with each other and taking our relationship seriously. 
“But before this, there were misunderstandings between us. Looking back, I regret it deeply. I was too irrational at that time.” Annie expressed with remorse 
in her voice. 
Skylar observed Annie’s sincerity. She took a few bites of her food. As Annie was whitewashing the previous incident, Skylar’s eyes flickered slightly. 
“Do you not believe me?” Annie asked. She locked eyes with Skylar. 
Skylar lifted her gaze to meet Annie’s. “Does it matter whether I believe you or 
not?“. 
Annie looked momentarily surprised. “Of course, it matters. You’re Steven’s sister, and he cares about your opinion. 
“We both hope for your blessing, and I don’t want past issues to affect our relationship. Once I’m married to Steven, we’ll be family. Family should avoid suspicion, right?” 
“Even if you marry Steven, we won’t have many chances to meet. Annie, I’ve mentioned before that my family matters most to me. If they’re hurt, I’ll do everything I can to retaliate against those who hurt them. Whether you truly love Steven, you know best,” Skylar stated calmly. 
On the way to the restaurant, she had pondered deeply. Steven’s feelings for Annie were at their deepest in the current situation. If she said anything negative about Annie now, it would surely backfire. 
She couldn’t afford the risk. 
Annie’s face gradually tightened. 
“Of course, Steven is exceptional. I’ll bless you both if you truly love him and aren’t approaching him with ulterior motives. But that’s all. And you should know Joe better than I do. 
“He won’t allow anyone to deceive him or use him. Besides, I’m not as important to him as you might think. It’s up to you to decide how you measure yourself,” Skylar said calmly and slowly. 
Annie’s expression turned several shades paler. 
Skylar smiled faintly. “How’s your family lately, Ms. Silver?” 
With that question, Annie looked up abruptly. She stared at Skylar with utter disbelief. In her mind, Skylar was not like their circle. She was different from 
them. 
From a young age, they had to learn how to plan to get everything they wanted. They employed various means to achieve their goals. 
But Skylar, who grew up in the countryside, should have been the kind of ordinary–hearted girl who wasn’t good at scheming. Yet now… 
“My family is doing fine, Annie responded after a brief pause. She pursed her lips.. 
Skylar nodded with a smile. “That’s good to hear. Steven will be visiting your family soon. I hope they will approve of him.” 
Chapter $19 
Annie gazed steadily at Skylar. She slowly uttered three words. “They sure will.” 
Half an hour later, Annie emerged from the upscale Wiscadian restaurant with a dazed expression. She glanced at the bustling street not far away. She felt a slight chill down her spine. Skylar had left before her. 
Then, she remained seated at the restaurant for another 20 minutes. Just then, she received a message from Sabrina. 
“Please do not bring that man home. Your father and I cannot afford to embarrass ourselves. While our family isn’t what it used to be and we’re facing difficulties, we cannot let you marry someone of such a lowly background. 
“If you’re married, rumors about our family in Jipsburg City will spread like wildfire. We’ve groomed you since childhood to be exceptionally capable. We hoped you would marry into a family of equal or higher status than ours, if not someone like Joe or Rowan. 
“You’ve been talking about finding a solution lately. Is this what you’ve been thinking about? Can he save our family? We really cannot afford this disgrace.” 
###chapter520
Annie stared at the message, her eyes welling up with grievance. Even her closest family didn’t understand her. 
Annie wondered if they knew that the fate of the Williams family today was akin to what the Silver family could face in the future. Even now, all they cared for was their self–respect. 
Even Grayson had called, urging her to find a way to get together with Joe. He stopped short of explicitly suggesting she offer herself. 
She had wanted to be with Joe. Back when their relationship was still good, she had tried to seize every opportunity to get into Joe’s bed. However, in the end, Joe didn’t even spare her a glance. 
Now that Joe had Skylar by his side, it seemed impossible for her to become entangled with Joe. It wasn’t that she couldn’t see the situation clearly. Rather, her parents were both blind to the truth. 
Recalling Skylar’s words in the restaurant moments ago, Annie’s mood grew 
heavier. 
Her phone’s ringing snapped her back to reality. It was Steven. 
Her fingers stiffened slightly as she answered. 
“I just bought a gift to bring when I visit your parents. What time would be suitable for me to come over to your place tomorrow?” Steven’s voice was gentle. 
Annie’s heart fluttered slightly. Steven was remarkably outstanding with limitless prospects ahead of him, but his background was too humble. 
Even if he genuinely, cared for her, she knew she wouldn’t encounter another person as sincere as him in the future. Yet, they were from different social classes. 
Annie needed time to think about the next step. 
“My parents suddenly have to go abroad for something urgent. I’m sorry, Steven. Can we wait until they come back before we visit my place?” Annie’s tone carried a hint of heaviness. 
It wasn’t about feigning helplessness, but she was genuinely tired and feeling low right now. 
Steven sensed Annie’s shift in mood. “It’s alright. We can wait. Is everything alright with you?” 
Annie explained softly, “It’s nothing. I just feel a bit sorry. We had planned to meet my parents tomorrow, but now we won’t be able to. I was worried you might be disappointed.” 
Steven accepted her explanation and spoke with even more patience and tenderness, “It’s really nothing. I’m not disappointed. It doesn’t matter whether the meeting takes place sooner or later. What matters most is our mutual understanding. 
“Besides, I have a project I need to focus on in the lab these days. If I don’t reply to your message promptly, please don’t overthink it.” 
“I won’t,” Annie replied with a smile. She knew Steven wouldn’t deceive her because he was someone who valued commitment and integrity above all else. 
After ending the call, Annie leaned back in the car with her eyes closed. At this moment, she felt lost. She was uncertain about her next move. 
Just then, Grayson called her again. 
“Joe will be attending a banquet tonight at Stargaze Hotel. I’ll find a way to create an opportunity for you and Joe. Tonight, you must seize it, Annie. Do you understand what I’m saying?” Grayson said. 
Annie was stunned by his words. 
Grayson’s tone turned displeased. “Annie, did you hear what I said? Tonight is our family’s last chance. You must seize this opportunity, understand?” 
“Can you guarantee nothing will go wrong, Dad?” Annie took a deep breath. She grabbed the steering wheel tightly. 
She thought of Joe. The emotions she had suppressed during this time surged again. But immediately after, Steven’s figure appeared. 
Grayson fell silent for a minute. “Yes, I can guarantee nothing will go wrong. For the Silver family, I won’t make a mistake. Don’t worry. I’ll arrange everything properly. You can rest assured and go to the Stargaze Hotel tonight.” 
###chapter521
Grayson said, “By the way, that boyfriend of yours from the countryside–after tonight, you need to cut ties tomorrow. Our family can’t afford this 
embarrassment, got it?” 
Annie’s voice was heavy as she replied, “Alright.” 
Annie decided to give it one last try. 
If all else failed, the Silver family’s reputation could be sacrificed at this point. Steven was her final option. 
After leaving the restaurant, Skylar went to meet Natalie. 
Today, Austin was shooting a film scene at their college. While Austin was on 
break, Natalie took half an hour off and walked around the familiar campus with Skylar. 
Despite leaving the campus just over a year ago, it felt as if they had grown somewhat unfamiliar with the place. It felt like many years had passed. 
“You have to come clean with me. What’s going on between you and Joe? When did you end up with him?” Natalie squinted at Skylar. 
There was a definite sense that Natalie would not let Skylar off if she didn’t explain properly today. 
Skylar briefly recounted how Gloria arranged her marriage to Joe. Then, she summarized the current state of their life, where she and Joe were essentially 
cohabiting. 
“So, you two had a flash marriage?” Natalie widened her eyes. 
Skylar nodded. “Yes, we had a flash marriage. So far, I don’t see any downsides. 
“Do you love Joe?” Natalie asked. 
As soon as Natalie asked, she regretted it. After all, how could a flash marriage involve love? 
Moreover, Skylar had just broken up with Christopher. 
Skylar hesitated before replying, “We agreed that love wasn’t part of the deal. We’re just cohabitating. Honestly, it’s been good. Grandma Gloria has been kind to me, and I don’t have any expectations of Joe, so there’s no sense of 
loss.” 
“Then…” Natalie furrowed her brow. She felt Skylar was being unfairly treated. 
But then again, she realized love might not be that important. 
After all, Natalie loved Jeremy so deeply that it took a toll on her physically and emotionally. But in the end, they had to get divorced. 
“How does Joe treat you?” Natalie asked. 
Skylar smiled and said, “He’s good to me. We get along well.” 
Of course, Skylar didn’t mention Joe’s unknown quirks. It wasn’t important. 
He had unpredictable tantrums and was a bit too unrestrained in bed. 
“I’ve seen Joe a few times. I always feel he’s not easy to get along with. How about you two…” Natalie suddenly smirked. 
She glanced around to check if there weren’t many people before asking, “Have you slept together?” 
Skylar’s mouth twitched. She couldn’t help but blush slightly. She said, “We’ve married. It’s natural for such things to happen.” 
Natalie widened her eyes. “You’re so bold! You dare sleep with him? I’ve heard that many socialities in Jipsburg want to sleep with him, but he rejects them outright. For a while, some even said he might have those issues. Seeing you like this… is he capable?” 
Natalie was born with a love for gossip. She couldn’t hold back her curiosity. She was genuinely too curious. 
People as curious as hep could form a long line in Jipsburg City. Being at the heart of this gossip, she had to ask when she saw one of the involved parties. 
Skylar chuckled wryly. “That’s just others misunderstanding him.” 
If Joe had any issues, those spreading the rumors would probably be worse 
###chapter522
Natalie exclaimed, “Whoa…” 
She couldn’t continue her questions. However, she kept winking at Skylar. 
“Since you managed to marry Joe, I’ll forgive you. I’ve been on edge since last night. I worried that Joe might use his power to bully you into being his mistress or something. After all, with your looks, it’s hard for any man to resist.” 
Upon hearing Natalie’s words, Skylar chuckled. “You see me through rose- colored glasses. I’m not some rare beauty.” 
Natalie raised an eyebrow. “Skye, are you kidding me? If you’re not a stunning beauty, then who is? In my eyes, even those glamorous movie stars can’t compare to you. Back in the college, you were the only one who truly deserved the title of campus belle.” 
After strolling around for a while, Natalie checked the time. Then, she said, “I have to get back. Let’s hang out again when I have a day off.” 
? 
“Nath, take care of yourself,” Skylar whispered and hugged Natalie. 
Natalie seemed her usual self, but Skylar knew she didn’t like to show her 
vulnerabilities. 
They were alike in this way. They didn’t like to show their weaknesses. They preferred to deal with everything quietly. 
Upon hearing Skylar’s words, Natalie’s eyes reddened for a moment. Her voice choked up as she said, “I will.” 
She would take good care of herself. The mistake wasn’t hers, so there was no need to punish herself for someone else’s fault. But the pain in her heart remained raw and hadn’t eased yet, and she didn’t know when it would. 
Maybe, with time, it would slowly get better. 
Skylar had just left the college when Joe called her. He asked if Skylar was free to attend a charity gala with him that evening. 
She had planned to visit Charles on set later, but after checking the time, she 
realized she wouldn’t be able to make it in time. 
“Sorry, I can’t make it tonight,” she declined. 
Joe’s tone remained indifferent, as if it didn’t matter much to him. “Alright. If the charity gala runs late, I’ll just stay upstairs at the hotel and rest. Don’t wait up for me.” 
“Okay,” Skylar replied. 
After hanging up, Joe’s expression turned cold. Paul happened to be nearby. He noticed Joe’s displeasure and kept silent. 
“Get everything ready,” Joe ordered coldly. 
“Sure,” Paul responded. 
Before Paul quickly exited the room, he glanced at Joe’s phone. He wondered where Joe ranked in Skylar’s mind among the others. 
During the weekend, Skylar was almost entirely dedicated to other people. Joe wondered if Skylar had ever considered spending one weekend with him. 
The thought left him feeling restless. 
Charles had been extremely busy lately. He shot one film right after another. 
His hard work had landed him in many roles as the second male lead. 
Occasionally, he even landed lead roles in web series. 
His schedule was packed, and his earnings were increasing. 
###chapter523
Charles couldn’t let Skylar earn more than him. 
Knowing Skylar would be visiting today, Charles went to the nearby mall yesterday and bought a luxury brand handbag. It was a favorite among many. female celebrities. The brand was popular. 
In the past, he couldn’t afford to give it to Skylar while other women had it, but now he could make it happen. Even things other mothers had, he could now give to Janine too. 
“See if you like it. Try it on,” Charles said eagerly, handing the bag to Skylar. 
Though not particularly fond of luxury brands, Skylar admitted this bag was quite lovely. She said, “It’s lovely. Thank you, Charles.” 
“That’s good to hear.” Charles grinned proudly. None of the female celebrities could match Skylar’s grace with the bag. She was extraordinarily beautiful. 
“Oh? Charles, is this your girlfriend or a new talent signed to your company?” 
Suddenly, Brigham Cohen, a middle–aged man, appeared. When he saw Skylar his eyes lit up. He was visibly captivated by Skylar. 
Charles quickly clarified upon seeing Brigham. He explained, “Mr. Cohen, she’s my sister, not an actress. She happened to have time this weekend and came by.” 
Brigham’s eyes brightened even more. “Your sister? Did she sign with any company? I think she’s perfect for the role of the enchanting second female lead in our upcoming drama. If she takes it on, she’ll definitely satisfy the audience.” 
Upon closer inspection, Brigham realized Skylar was truly stunning. It was as if a character from a screenplay had stepped into reality. 
Skylar couldn’t help but smile upon hearing Brigham suggest she play the second female lead. She had never considered entering the entertainment industry, and she had no interest in acting. Her passion lay solely in her work. 
“Mr. Cohen, my sister has a job as an antique restorer. She won’t be entering the entertainment industry,” Charles quickly interjected. 
He couldn’t bear the thought of Skylar being in the entertainment industry. A woman as beautiful as Skylar would surely encounter all sorts of challenges there, and he worried about her being taken advantage of. 
Besides, Skylar had a job that she loved. 
Brigham looked slightly disappointed at Charles‘ response. But upon hearing Skylar’s profession as an antique restorer, his eyes lit up even more. He stared at Skylar as if she were some rare find. He wondered how a beautiful young woman like her ended up with such a dull and uninteresting job. 
He hurriedly asked, “An antique restorer? Can you authenticate antique pieces?” 
Skylar nodded and replied, “Yes, I can identify most of them. It’s part of my basic training.” 
“Well, recently, I purchased a painting for my collection. A friend who visited my home later claimed it was a forgery. I spent 50 million dollars on that painting. If it’s fake, I’ve been duped. 
“I believe it’s genuine, but I can’t shake my doubts. Is it worth keeping? Could you help me determine its authenticity? I’ll compensate you accordingly. Just name your price.” Brigham quickly
laid out his request. 
Knowing Charles, Brigham felt that Skylar could be trusted. He refused the allure of fame and focused on what he loved to do. It showed his calm and composed demeanor, which few young people possess nowadays. 
Charles listened in astonishment. He wondered how the conversation had shifted to ask Skylar to help authenticate the painting. Moreover, Brigham rarely treated people so kindly. 
“I can take a look first,” Skylar agreed. 
She believed in doing what she could. After all, Brigham directed Charles‘ current film. If she had assisted Brigham, Charles would have another supporter in the entertainment industry, smoothing his acting career. 
“Could you wait for 30 minutes? I’ll have the crew bring you dinner, and my family will send the painting over right away.” Brigham hurriedly asked. 
He had wanted to visit Alexander to ask for help for some time. Alexander’s appraisals were the most trustworthy in Jipsburg City. But unfortunately, he couldn’t establish a connection with Alexander. 
He would likely need to make an appointment in advance if he went there. However, he didn’t have time recently. 
“Okay,” Skylar replied and nodded. 
While waiting for dinner and the painting, Brigham casually asked Skylar, ” There are numerous auction houses in Uipsburg City. Additionally, there are teams specializing in restoration. Which team do you work with?” 
Before Skylar could answer, Charles proudly opened his mouth and said, “She’s in Mr. Gardner Senior’s team, and Skylar does all the repair work alone.” 
###chapter524
Charles‘ expression overflowed with pride as he uttered those words. Initially, he didn’t quite understand Skylar’s job when she mentioned working in Alexander’s team. 
However, after looking into and confirming it with Steven, he realized just how impressive it was for Skylar to be part of Alexander’s team. 
Charles couldn’t help but feel proud of having such a talented sister like Skylar. 
“Mr. Gardner Senior’s team?” Brigham followed up after Charles. 
It was only after the words left Charles‘ mouth that Brigham reacted. His eyes widened in surprise as he looked at Skylar. “There is only one Mr. Gardner 
Senior in Jipsburg City. Are you on his team?” 
People in Jipsburg City, especially collectors of various antiques and 
paintings, knew Alexander’s reputation well. Moreover, Alexander was known to be peculiar. He didn’t accept anyone without genuine skills. 
Being able to join Alexander’s team meant being among the top in the industry. 
If one left Alexander’s team to work in various auction houses, their compensation would be several times higher than others. Those auction houses would definitely be competing to get them. 
No wonder Skylar didn’t need to join the entertainment industry. This was a genuine skill. 
Brigham felt incredibly lucky today and thought he was absolutely right when he chose Charles as the second male lead. 
Skylar nodded with a smile. “Yes, I am currently in Mr. Gardner Senior’s team.” 
“At such a young age too! You have such impressive talent. Today, I’m really fortunate. Charles, your sister is remarkable.” Brigham immediately turned to Charles. 
Charles scratched his head. He was happier about Skylar being praised than himself. “Skylar has been smart since she was young.” 
While they were talking, the crew members brought over dinner. 
” 
Brigham suddenly felt embarrassed by the crew’s dinner. 
“Uh, how about I take you both to a restaurant?” he suggested. 
Charles seldom saw Brigham this friendly and accommodating. He felt 
somewhat uneasy and said, “No need. The boxed meals from the crew are fine. 
“I haven’t tried the crew’s boxed meals yet; I’d like to,” Skylar chimed in. 
Brigham didn’t insist further. He was even more impressed with Charles‘ and Skylar’s personalities. Especially Skylar, at such a young age, she was not only more beautiful than most female celebrities but also genuinely talented. 
Even while casually chatting over dinner, Skylar identified the small Brigham was fiddling with as belonging to a particular dynasty with its own intriguing backstory. 
Brigham was left dumbfounded. He didn’t dare say much. He was afraid that despite his age, he might not know enough and be ridiculed. 
Suddenly, he thought Skylar could be a consultant for future period dramas. There wouldn’t be any mistakes then, for sure. 
When the painting finally arrived, Brigham gingerly unfolded it in front of Skylar. 
Skylar examined it closely. Brigham stood nervously beside her. 
While 50 million dollars wasn’t much to him, if it was a forgery, there was no point in keeping it at home where guests might mock him. 
Charles was also nervous. This was the first time he saw Skylar at work. She was really… 
Skylar was really outstanding. 
After all, if the painting was shown to him, he couldn’t see anything in it. He just felt that this painting looked pretty artistic. 
After carefully examining it from top to bottom, Skylar finally spoke slowly, “It’s authentic, not a forgery. However, there are a few areas where the color has been touched up. Apart from that, everything else is fine. It seems the person who did the touch–ups wasn’t very skilled. You can tell upon closer inspection.” 
Skylar said, “Mr. Cohen, take a look here… And here…‘ 
Skylar pointed out the areas that had been touched up. 
Brigham was dumbfounded. “If you hadn’t pointed it out, I wouldn’t have 
noticed. Skye, you’re amazing! Let me know how much this appraisal costs. I’ll transfer the amount to you now.” 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter525
No wonder Skylar made it into Alexander’s team. She really had some genuine skills. She was amazing at such a young age. 
Skylar shook her head modestly. “It was just a small effort, Mr. Cohen. No need to fuss over it.” 
“No, no! You’ve done me a huge favor! Skye, let me add your WhatsApp contact first. Next time, I insist on paying you for your services.” Brigham hurriedly requested Skylar’s contact. 
Onlookers, including Charles and a few crew members, were stunned. It was their first time seeing Brigham actively adding someone on WhatsApp. 
Moreover, his attitude was charming. 
Usually, it was others seeking Brigham’s favor. However, the situation appeared to be reversed. 
Indeed, it almost felt like Brigham was currying favor with Charles‘ sister. 
In fact, this young woman was even prettier than the female lead in their film, However, Brigham’s attitude toward her was purely respectful. It was as if Skylar was a big shot. 
Someone whispered to Charles, “What’s up with your sister?” 
Charles first shook his head, then said, “My sister just helped Mr. Cohen appraise a painting.” 
“Damn! What does your sister do? She’s so impressive!” 
“She’s an antique restorer. She works in Mr. Gardner Senior’s team.” Charles straightened his posture. His tone was unusually calm. It was as if this was just a very ordinary little thing. 
No one knew how proud Charles was to witness Skylar showcasing her talents firsthand. It was a feeling akin to his family’s pride in her becoming a grown–up. 
He wondered if anyone else had felt this way. He really wanted to share this with Steven. 
Meanwhile, in the crowd behind them, a man wearing a hat watched the scene 
with a dark expression. Samuel deliberately kept a low profile. Hence, no one 
noticed him. 
His gaze toward Skylar was cold. When he gazed toward Charles, it was filled with jealousy. 
Samuel clenched his jaw tightly. His heart brimmed with intense envy. 
Their family was almost at the bottom in Jipsburg City, and they might even have to slink back to Liberty County in disgrace. 
Today, though Samuel was unwilling, he came out and tried his luck. 
Previously, he had collaborated with Brigham on several films and had hoped 
to secure a role for him. This was a chance for a comeback. 
Then, Samuel happened to see Skylar and Charles. Brigham was actually trying to please Skylar. 
Now, Charles was cast as the second male lead in this film. But earlier, Samuel was relegated to an extra role. He earned only a few dollars a day for that kind 
of role. 
9 
Samuel was unwilling. Samuel’s eyes were full of gloom as he stared fixedly at Skylar. 
Skylar was so capable. Moreover, she had support from Joe and Alexander, so she must have a way to help him. It was fortunate that he had this opportunity, 
and he was determined to seize it. 
The charity gala was slated to start at 6:00 pm at Stargaze Hotel. 
253 rep 
Several celebrities, entrepreneurs, and elites from various fields streamed into Stargaze Hotel. 
The event was granted. With so many people gathered, it was easy to imagine how many were trying to infiltrate and network with circles they had never had access to before. 
Joe arrived at 6:30 pm. He found the charity gala already bustling with people. 
He and Jeremy arrived one after the other. 
Despite the crowd, they stood out, especially as they were together at the 
moment. 
With the addition of the social influencer Rowan, they became even more conspicuous. Some used their acquaintance with Rowan to strike up a
###chapter526
It was the opportunity of a lifetime. They wouldn’t miss it for the world. Not only was Joe present, but so was Jeremy 
This charity gala was an auction. The money made from the sales would be donated. It happened once or twice annually. 
Several people brought their date with them. Usually, people got a date to ward off eager pursuers. It would also save them a good deal of trouble. 
However, Joe had never attended galas like this with a date. 
A few rumors about Joe’s new paramour had been circulating. She’d attended auctions with Joe, gone shopping with him, and dined in restaurants with him. People had seen them together in public. 
However, Joe hadn’t brought his rumored partner to such a momentous 
occasion today. That meant that the woman was nothing more than a spot of fun. It was just a game. 
Joe became the center of everyone’s attention. Countless people in Jipsburg wanted to marry Joe. 
“I’ve never been so popular. How many people have initiated small talk with me today?” Rowan pointed out. 
The citizens of Jipsburg were too power–hungry. 
Joe was expressionless. However, the cold glare in his eyes gave his feelings away. He also seemed annoyed. 
Rowan sneaked a glance at Jeremy. He looked similar to Joe. Both of them held themselves with an icy air. 
What was wrong with them? Who was clueless enough to piss them off? 
Rowan looked around. Suddenly, he saw a familiar person. He asked, “Isn’t that your secretary? Didn’t she accompany you to such occasions when your wife wasn’t available? Why has she become one of the gala’s servers tonight?” 
He couldn’t deny that Annabelle was an extremely attractive woman. Her looks and her figure were gorgeous. He might’ve fallen into Annabelle’s spell if he 
hadn’t liked Jenny. 
When he thought about it, Rowan understood why Jeremy couldn’t help himself. If such a gorgeous woman strutted around him daily, he would’ve gotten her into bed long ago. 
Jeremy immediately looked in the direction Rowan was pointing in and spotted Annabelle. 
Annabelle was wearing the workers‘ uniform. She was ushering in the people who’d just entered the hall. 
Perhaps because she’d just gone through an abortion, Annabelle had slimmed down. That fact further accentuated her figure. 
Countless people stared at Annabelle. 
Annabelle seemed to sense Jeremy looking at her. She glanced upward and turned to look at Jeremy. Their eyes met in midair. Love shimmered in Annabelle’s eyes while Jeremy’s gaze was cold. It was as though he was looking at a stranger. 
Joe raised an eyebrow. Annabelle brought nothing but trouble to Jeremy. He wouldn’t be able to get rid of her that easily. 
“What’s going on? Has Jeremy grown tired of his secretary?” Rowan asked Joe softly. 
Joe glared at him and eplied, “You won’t benefit from being a gossipmonger.” Rowan clicked his tongue in understanding. Jeremy had indeed tired of her. No matter how gorgeous a woman was, they would tire of her if they didn’t like her after a while. However, if they did, everything was different. They would- never find her boring. 
Suddenly, he saw Annie out of the corner of his eye. 
###chapter527
The Silvers had gotten into trouble recently. Why had they sent Annie to the event? Her parents had come as well. Were they trying to pretend like they were wealthy? 
With this, the boring gala transformed into an intriguing occasion.. 
It was 7:00 pm when Skylar left the set. She’d had a wonderful discussion with Brigham. Toward the end, he’d invited her to become his consultant for his next movie. The pay was great. He’d even fixed Charles as one of his leading. men out of three on the spot. 
She agreed right then and there. 
This was Charles‘ first movie starring as a lead, and it was directed by 
Brigham. If he got lucky, he could go viral immediately after the movie came 
out. 
He was dumbstruck when he learned he would be one of the three leading actors. He would be acting in Brigham’s movie! 
The entertainment industry had been rife with rumors that his movie would be the only one that garnered a billion–dollar investment this year. 
Many people had been trying their best to obtain an opportunity to audition for it. Who knew that he’d be a part of the movie? 
Charles‘ mind was spinning from the wonderful news. He couldn’t come to terms with it. When he finally did, he realized this was all because of Skylar. She’d become someone he could depend on. 
Brigham’s attitude toward him improved considerably. 
When his talent manager found out, he suggested opening a bottle of champagne to celebrate. He also praised his sister–she was amazing! Charles didn’t need to hear that from him. Skylar had always been a capable person. 
That being said, it was fun to enjoy the fruits of her labor without lifting a finger. Who knew that this day would come? Charles chuckled to himself. He was ecstatic. Tonight, he was going to brag about this to Steven. 
As everyone prepared for the next scene, a figure trailed behind Skylar as she left. No one realized it. 
The set was rather far from the parking lot. One needed to walk for ten minutes. to get there. 
Not before long, Skylar arrived in front of her car. Just as she was getting in, someone grabbed her. She reacted on instinct. 
Just as she was about to throw him over her shoulder, she heard him say, “You really are something, Skylar! You’re merely working in Mr. Gardner Senior’s team. Yet, you used him to fool Mr. Cohen into giving Charles a leading role. I’ve underestimated you. You’re such a scheming woman!” 
It was Samuel. He criticized her through gritted teeth. 
“Who is your biological brother? Charles isn’t related to you by blood. I am your brother!” 
Skylar should’ve been helping him regain his footing in the entertainment industry rather than helping Charles. 
Skylar found him hilarious. She pushed Samuel away. 
When she did, Skylar looked at Samuel properly. He looked much worse than when they’d met in the mall. 
Many of Samuel’s contacts had given him the cold shoulder. He’d fallen from heaven into hell, and perhaps this explained his cold attitude and bent spine. It was as though he didn’t dare stand up straight and look people in the eye. He probably hadn’t realized this himself. 
“I’ve got nothing to do with the Williamses. When will you get smarter? You should take a leaf from Peter’s book and get out of my sight. Why are you actively looking for trouble?” said Skylar icily. 
“Even if you don’t want to admit it, you are still our parent’s daughter. You should be helping the Williamses right now. Have you forgotten how you tried to appease me?” Samuel probably hadn’t eaten dinner. He spoke weakly. It sounded bone–chilling at night. His eyes were affixed on Skylar.
###chapter528
“I was blind back then,” stated Skylar tonelessly. 
She would’ve been fine if Samuel hadn’t mentioned their past. Once he did, she felt like the Williamses weren’t suffering enough. After all, they still had all limbs attached. They didn’t need to lie in bed in fear of their lives. 
Samuel widened his eyes and said, “I’m giving you a chance now to help me return to the entertainment industry. I’ll treat you well and tell everyone you’re my sister. As for Maisy, I couldn’t care less if she died outside. She isn’t worth it.” 
Skylar chuckled coldly. 
In the past, she merely thought that Samuel was a selfish person with questionable morals. Now, she found him to be a shameless, despicable 
person. 
He’d sought her out time and time again. It was as though he’d forgotten. everything she’d told him. His requests became more extreme with each. 
shameless occurrence. 
“Fuck off.” 
She got into the car immediately after. 
When Samuel realized what she’d done, he attempted to open the backseat door and climb in. However, he was too late. Skylar had locked it. 
Samuel glared at Skylar with a twisted expression on his face. He roared, Skylar, get out! What did you say you wanted me to do? If you’re willing to help me, I could treat you like how I did Maisy. Wasn’t that all you wanted? I can agree to that right now. Isn’t that enough? Peter and Kenny will treat you as 
well as I do. 
“Right, Mom has been saying we’ve wronged you, and she wants to make up for that. If you come home, we’ll treat you like a princess. Won’t that do?” 
Skylar stepped on the gas, causing the car to jerk forward. 
Samuel stumbled and fell flat onto the ground. 
After realizing what had happened, he punched the floor and screamed, “You hateful creature! Just you wait, Skylar! You will regret this! I’ll wait for you to beg for mercy. When that happens, I won’t even spare you a glance! 
“You’re not worthy enough to be my sister! You’re just as cheap as Maisy! I’ll make sure both of you undergo what I’m suffering through now. You’ll fall even further than I did!” 
The empty parking lot reverberated with Samuel’s desperate screams. 
At that moment, someone came over to get their car. When he saw a man punching the ground like a madman, he came to watch the show. However, he recognized Samuel. 
“Wasn’t this the actor who starred in ‘The Girl Who Loved Me‘? Why is he throwing a tantrum here?” 
“Didn’t you know that his family has been embroiled in a scandal? There were -scandals surrounding him as well. The entertainment industry must’ve cast him out. Is he doing this because
he couldn’t accept the change in his status?” 
“One wouldn’t recognize him if they weren’t looking closely.” 
They stood aside while talking about Samuel. 
He only realized that he had an audience after he calmed down. Immediately, Samuel scrambled to his feet. He looked down and used his shirt to cover his face. 
Samuel refuted uselessly, “I’m not Samuel Williams. You’ve found the wrong person. Fuck off, all of you! Don’t take pictures!” 
After the charity gala began, many items were auctioned off. The culminated profits of the night hit ten billion. 
-After it ended, everyone started their dinner. 
Rowan approached Annie with a flute of champagne in hand. 
Annie seemed to be distracted. She hadn’t noticed Rowan. 
Rowan popped out from behind her all of a sudden. 
###chapter529
Rowan asked, “What were you thinking about just now? You seemed so engrossed.” 
Annie jumped. She stared at him in surprise when he appeared in front of her. She replied, “Nothing much.” 
“I heard that you ran into some trouble at the TV station. Your segment was cut, right? Have you thought of trying out somewhere new? You should have many opportunities waiting for you outside of Jipsburg. If you stay in Jipsburg, you probably won’t have much of a choice,” Rowan advised kindly. 
After all, they’d grown up together and would encounter each other from time to time. By giving Annie a few suggestions, he was accumulating good karma for himself. 
Annie could tell that he was offering suggestions to her. She smiled bitterly and sipped at her champagne. Then, she responded, “The Silvers have grown our roots in Jipsburg for the past few decades. Wouldn’t we become the butt, of the joke if we left?” 
In addition, if she left Jipsburg for a station in another city, she would be lowering her worth. Rumors about her would then be spread nationwide. Wouldn’t she be further humiliated in that case? 
“Do you know the Williamses? They’ve fallen to such an extent that they’ll never regain their dignity. Proceed with caution” Rowan said. He wasn’t going to give any further suggestions. 
However, after taking a few steps away, he recalled something. Turning back to look at Annie, he said, “Stop trying to get Joe’s attention. You’ll regret it if you do.” 
-Annie’s expression changed. She pursed her lips and glanced at Joe from the 
corner of her eye. 
Many people tried to talk to Joe, but he seemed unapproachable. Just one look. from him would drive them away, so they didn’t dare approach him. 
Sabrina walked over and asked softly, “I saw Rowan talk to you just now. What did he tell you? Can he help us with our family troubles?” 
12 
Annie sighed deeply. Sabrina was still extremely optimistic. Who would help them out of their stint? Hadn’t she understood society’s cruelty yet? 
When she saw Annie sigh without answering her question, Sabrina guessed what had happened. She asked, “Why had he come if he wasn’t here to help?” “He adviced me to leave Jipsburg as soon as possible. Perhaps I can restart my career somewhere else. If we stay here, we might be fini-” 
Sabrina immediately stopped her from continuing. She interjected, “Alright, there’s no point in overthinking now. Don’t say anything to anyone! You’ll be in huge trouble if your father or Uncle Thomas hears about this. Obey your dad’s instructions for today, alright?” 
She seemed rather anxious. After a deep inhale, she continued lowly, “This is our chance. Your dad and Uncle Thomas will make the necessary 
arrangements. Nothing will go wrong. Don’t think about things you shouldn’t be wondering about, alright?” 
Annie felt like her chest was being crushed as she listened to her mom’s confident words. She hummed helplessly in reply. 
” 
She snuck another glance at Joe. He looked as though he was in a bad mood. He didn’t talk to anyone else. However, he’d drank a few glasses of wine. 
There were so many people present. What did they have in mind? Annie’s heart raced when she thought of what was to come. She took a sip of her wine to disguise her anxiety. 
At the same time, Annabelle observed Jeremy closely from the shadows. Although she was working at the event, many men had asked after her. She was extremely attractive. 
However, she seemed to be invisible to Jeremy. Had he begun the process of divorce with Natalie? 
She looked down at her bracelet. A faint fragrance wafted around it. She could make him sleep with her once more if she got close to him. 
A few minutes later, Grayson approached Annie with a hotel key card. He said, Go upstairs first.” 
###chapter530
A chill ran down Annie’s spine as she stared at the card in her hands. “Is everything good to go?” she asked, her voice trembling.
Grayson replied softly, “I’ve made the necessary arrangements. It’s up to you now. Don’t disappoint us, Annie.”
Her face paled as anxiety tightened its grip on her throat. However, considering their dire predicament, she could only nod. “Alright.” She turned and left the hall, the card clutched tightly in her hand.
It was 10:00 PM, and the gala was set to end in an hour. Given the late hour, many guests had already checked into the hotel for the night. Joe swirled his glass, watching the crimson liquid sparkle under the crystal chandeliers. He had finished nearly four glasses of red wine out of sheer boredom, yet his frustration remained unsoothed.
“Mr. Martin, I’ve booked your room. Here is the key card,” Paul said, stepping forward.
Joe took the card and nodded. “I’m going up to rest.” He was no stranger to early exits; high-profile events like these often bored him quickly.
Paul had booked a room for himself as well. After Joe left, he lingered for a few more sips of the premium champagne. He couldn’t bring himself to waste such expensive wine, so he decided to enjoy his share.
Suddenly, something in the distance caught his eye. Hadn’t Natalie already confronted Jeremy about his affair? He knew Annabelle had been fired and the relationship was supposedly over. So why...
Across the room, Annabelle stumbled into Jeremy’s arms. Perhaps Jeremy hadn’t reacted quickly enough to push her away, but for a heartbeat, he allowed her to fall into his embrace. Annabelle’s stunning face was flushed with a dainty blush. From his distance, Paul couldn’t hear their conversation over the music, but his instinct for gossip was tingling.
Annabelle’s schemes are ingenious, Paul thought. She seemed to have a way of twisting any situation to her advantage.
At that same moment, Jeremy regained his composure and pushed Annabelle away with cold, unforgiving force. Surprise contorted her features, her practiced smile faltering as shock took over.
“Mr. Hughes,” Annabelle protested weakly.
How was this possible? For a moment, his gaze had softened just like before. He had looked entranced. Why was he behaving so differently now? Within seconds, Jeremy’s expression had turned ice-cold.
Jeremy clenched his jaw. “I see you haven’t given up on your games, have you?”
“No, I wasn’t trying to seduce you,” Annabelle pleaded, acting like a frightened doe. “My heels were simply too high, and I lost my footing. It was an accident. I still remember what you told me last time.”
She was genuinely terrified. Her usual methods were failing her. Was it because of the shattered porcelain? The tactics that had worked so flawlessly at the start were becoming useless with repetition.
“What perfume are you wearing?” Jeremy asked, looking down at her with a questioning, sharp gaze.
Annabelle froze. Her heart pounded nervously. “I... I don’t use perfume,” she replied diffidently, hiding her hands behind her back.
Why was he asking this now? Had he sensed something unusual? Usually, people didn't pick up on her subtle methods, as modern society no longer believed in the old ways. She thought of Skylar, who worked under Alexander. Even though she’d offered billions in hopes that Skylar would help restore her porcelain charm, Skylar had refused to even look at it.

###chapter531
Had Skylar noticed the black magic when she observed the porcelain pieces? If Skylar had picked up on it and if Jeremy found out… 
Terror seized Annabelle as she thought about the potential links between each possibility. 
No, that was impossible. Skylar was extremely young. How would she know so much? The person who helped her had been at least 80 years old. He’d promised her no one would pick up on his black magic anymore. 
Annabelle couldn’t suppress her panic as her mind raced. 
Jeremy’s expression remained stiff as he scanned Annabelle from head to toe. The faint fragrance that had shaken his determination seemed to have dissipated. It had deprived him of logic, and he had been overcome with the 
desire to bed her. 
He seemed to remember this fragrance when he’d first lost control of himself and slept with Annabelle. Was it His imagination? Was he trying to find. 
excuses for his infidelity? 
Jeremy’s expression became even icier. He walked away without saying a 
word. 
Annabelle trembled slightly. She desperately tried to stop shaking. Jeremy would probably never spare her a glance ever again. 
Horror coursed through Annabelle’s veins. Was she going to end up with nothing after all? 
She’d already gotten this far. She wouldn’t succumb to her fate. Annabelle couldn’t give up just yet. She was going to seek Natalie out. 
Joe leaned into the corner of the hotel elevator. He was frowning deeply out of dizziness. Perhaps it was because he’d drank too much. Another possibility was that he’d gotten used to falling asleep with Skylar at this hour. That being said, they would occasionally mess around till late at night. 
He exited the elevator and walked toward his room. Before he arrived, he 
clenched his jaw suddenly. Joe called Paul, saying, “Someone might’ve spiked my drink with an aphrodisiac tonight. Come up here. Wait. Call Skylar and ask. 
her to come over. 
Apart from feeling faint, he also felt an uncontrollable desire bubbling within him. It wasn’t a familiar feeling. 
“Was this a newly developed drug?” guessed Joe with his last remnants of 
logic. 
At the same time, Annie walked out of the bathroom after showering. She’d been waiting in the room for a long time. However, she did not dare to bathe for too long. Her hair was half–dried. 
Annie knew that women were most attractive like that. She wore nothing under her towel. 
She stared at the door nervously. She felt as though every sound had been amplified. She could even hear noises coming from the corridor. 
Then, she heard the click of the door opening. Annie tensed up. She gripped the towel around her tightly. 
Grayson had guaranteed that he’d made all necessary arrangements. There would be no problems. 
She had to believe Grayson and Thomas. 
Annabelle needed to make sure that nothing went wrong. It was too late for regrets now. 
The door was pushed open. A tall figure strode in. 
Annie immediately glanced over. 
Joe was headed toward the bathroom as though driven by instinct. As he was about to get there, he suddenly noticed her. 
His sharp gaze pierced into Annie. 
###chapter532
Annie’s hand shook. The towel wrapped around her nearly fell. 
Hadn’t they said that everything had been taken care of? Why did he look so alert? 
“…” 
Hadn’t they said that they’d done everything that was needed? Annie was terrified. 
Joe narrowed his eyes and walked toward Annie. He took his tie off and said, ” You’re here early.” 
“W–What?” Annie stuttered in surprise. 
What did he mean by that? Did he know she was coming? 
In addition, he wasn’t surprised to see her. Had Grayson and Thomas told Joe she would be here? Was Joe not as merciless as she thought him to be? Did he like her back? 
Annie’s heart raced. 
“Skylar, help me remove my clothes,” Joe said lowly. Anticipation laced his 
tone. 
He would’ve suppressed it if she wasn’t with him. Now that Skylar was right before him, there was no need to hold back. 
Annie’s face fell. She stiffened up. Joe thought she was Skylar! 
This realization made her earlier thoughts seem like a joke. She said hoarsely, ” Alright.” 
With shaking hands, she reached out to him. 
Skylar had been getting ready for bed when Paul called. She was rather surprised. Why would he be calling at this hour? 
“Ms. Sullivan, come quick to Stargaze Hotel! Something has happened to Joe! I’ve sent his room number to you. Come as soon as you can!” Paul sputtered 
Chap 592 
He hung up immediately after he was done speaking. 
Skylar’s sleepiness dissipated. Wasn’t Joe attending a charity gala? Why would something happen to him there? 
She had no time to ponder on it. She immediately changed and left Galaxy Villa. 
Paul’s fingers trembled around the room card. As he stared at the ascending numbers in the elevator, he cursed, “What broke–ass elevator is this? Why is it so slow?” 
What kind of person was foolhardy enough to do this? 
Joe’s drink had been laced a while ago. Everyone at the gala should’ve known how he would punish the perpetrator for his actions. Yet, someone still dared to do that! 
Finally, the elevator reached Joe’s floor. Paul immediately raced toward his room and opened the door with his card. 
However, something was pushing against the door, and Paul couldn’t open it, no matter how hard he tried. 
“Mr. Martin, are you inside? What’s going on?” 
He pushed even harder. This caused the person behind the door to fall. 
A woman screamed. 
Paul’s eyes widened. He realized something and screamed, “Holy shit! No matter who you are, you better fuck off right now! Do you know what you’re doing? You’ve got a death wish! I want to see who’s scheming against Mr. Martin!” 
A roar came from inside the room, “Get lost!” 
Paul was dumbstruck. He asked, “Mr. Martin?” 
Was Joe telling him to get lost? 
“Paul? What are you…” 
###chapter533
Grayson and Sabrina appeared out of nowhere. They seemed surprised to see Paul in the corridor. 
Paul was paying attention to Joe’s condition. He glanced briefly at them 
without noticing the panic written across their faces. He didn’t have time to pay attention to them. 
He’d hesitated for a moment. However, he suddenly heard the 
think the hotel attendants made a mistake.” 
Paul frowned. Why did she sound rather familiar? 
an say. I 
At the same time, Grayson and Sabrina’s expressions changed. Had their plan failed? 
The aphrodisiac shouldn’t have gone wrong. It was a newly developed drug from Murida. The person who ingested it would be disoriented and not remember what happened while under the drug’s effect. 
An idea popped into Paul’s head. He turned to look at the Silvers and warned,/ It better not have been you guys!” 
He knew who the woman was. It was Annie. 
Paul gritted his teeth. How could they be so audacious to scheme against his boss during a charity gala? 
He took a step back. Then, he raised his leg and kicked at the door. He did not care whether Annie would be hurt by his behavior. He would kick the door down if that was what it took to get into the room. 
To the sound of Annie’s screams, Paul kicked the door down. 
He saw Joe leaning against the table. He glared at him coldly. 
“Mr. Martin…” 
Paul saw Joe’s coat on the ground. Although his shirt was unbuttoned, his pants were still on. Paul sighed in relief and looked at Annie. 
She was holding a towel tightly in an attempt to cover herself. 
At the same time, her forehead and arms were bruised because of her fall. Annie looked like a victim. 
Grayson and Sabrina exclaimed simultaneously, “Annie!” 
They couldn’t tell whether they’d done the deed. 
Sabrina immediately asked, “Annie, what’s up? Why are you… Mr. Martin, what are you both…” 
“Mr. Martin, why would you and Annie be..” Grayson looked horrified. 
However, their expressions of surprise froze on their faces when they looked. up at Joe. 
Compared to Annie’s ruffled appearance, Joe was still fully clothed. 
The outcome of their scheme was evident. They’d failed! 
“Make them get lost,” Joe ordered icily. 
Paul immediately roared, “You will pay for what you’ve done today. Get out!” 
The Silvers seemed to be stuck in a trance. They did not move. Upon seeing that, Paul stepped forward and repeated, “Get out!” 
Annie came to her senses. Her face was devoid of color. Although she’d realized that she had fucked their plan up, her brain was otherwise blank. 
Grayson was reluctant to submit to their fate. He’d arranged everything meticulously, and he wasn’t going to be chased out just like that. He said, “Mr. Martin, you look unwell. You might need Annie. Are you sure you don’t want her to stay?” 
“Yeah. You’ve known each other since you were children. It will save you a lot of trouble if Annie stays to help,” added Sabrina. 
Paul was speechless. He asked, “Mr. Silver, do you not understand what I’m saying?” 
He could tell that Joe was in horrible condition. 
Paul said, “Go back and think of how you’l grovel for his forgiveness!” 
They could only leave under Paul’s instructions. 
7 
After they left, Paul immediately closed the door. 
Joe had rushed into the bathroom. 
Paul called Skylar again as he listened to the sounds of gushing water in the bathroom. He asked, “Where are you at now, Ms. Sullivan?” 
Paul sounded calmer. However, his tone was still panicked. Skylar glanced at the signboards and replied, “I’ll be there in a few minutes.” 
###chapter534
Paul sighed in relief when he heard that Skylar would arrive in a few minutes. He closed the door and stood guard outside. He had already called Joe’s doctor to describe his condition. The doctor had been blunt: “He’ll be fine. Isn’t Skylar arriving soon? Her presence will be more effective than any medicine. You should focus on dealing with those responsible rather than worrying about Joe.”
Paul was well-versed in such matters. In the past, the process of recovery in these situations had been grueling for Joe. Thankfully, he had Skylar now.
Before long, Skylar arrived, looking breathless. “What’s going on?”
Paul had no time for lengthy explanations. Sensing the urgency, he opened the door and ushered Skylar inside. “Mr. Martin has been targeted with an illicit substance,” he said simply before the door slammed shut.
“What?” Skylar’s confused exclamation was cut short by the sound of the lock clicking.
She walked into the suite slowly, her heart pounding against her ribs. The sound of running water echoed from the washroom, and she realized the gravity of the situation. The bathroom door was ajar, a clear sign of the haste Joe had been in.
Skylar gently pushed the door open. There was no steam in the room; the air felt chilly, indicating Joe was taking a cold shower to counteract the effects of whatever he had ingested. Through the spray, she could see his powerful silhouette—broad shoulders and a sharp, disciplined jawline. Even in this state, he looked like a king looking down from a mountain, yet his eyes gleamed with a desperate, cold intensity.
“Annie?” Joe’s voice was hoarse and strained as he spoke.
Skylar’s heart sank instantly. Annie?
She recalled seeing Annie in the parking lot earlier with a middle-aged couple. She had been in too much of a hurry to see Joe to think much of it then. But now, Hearing Joe utter that name in such a vulnerable state felt like a physical blow.
Did Joe actually care for Annie? If so, why had he been so ruthless toward the Silvers in the past? Was there a history she didn't understand? To Skylar, the name a person calls out in their moment of greatest need is the one they cherish most.
“I’ll call her for you,” Skylar said, her voice trembling as she turned away. “Give me a few minutes.”
Annie had likely just left the hotel. If she called now, the woman could be back quickly. Swallowing her own bitterness, Skylar began rummaging through her bag for her phone, ready to leave the room to the person she thought Joe truly wanted.

###chapter535
Suddenly, a figure appeared in front of Skylar. It cast a shadow over her. 
Then, Joe kissed her furiously. Skylar dropped her bag 
“You…“. 
When Skylar got the opportunity to take a breath, she reminded him, “Wake up. I’m not who you think I am. I’m not Annie. Do you know that 
Skylar moved hastily. It was as though he’d lost all semblance of rationality. He sealed Skylar’s lips with his. 
Skylar didn’t want to be anyone’s replacement. She raised her hand to slap him. However, Joe put her hand around his back. 
She’d forgotten that Joe was professionally trained. He was different from the men that she’d met. She knew how to fight. However, he was even better at it. 
The physical differences between men and women were painfully evident at that moment. 
On the way back home, none of the Silvers said a word 
The driver could feel the heavy atmosphere. He stared straight ahead throughout the ride and drove carefully. 
They were silent because they knew that great trouble was heading their way. The opportunity they’d obtained after a whole night of meticulous planning had gone down the drain. 
Grayson was pale. His pursed lips indicated that he was on the verge of a breakdown. 
“How did Joe realize it? Didn’t they say that the aphrodisiac would make him disorientated? Even if he didn’t like Annie, he should have thought she was the one he loved. How did they…” 
Sabrina collected herself. With horror brewing within her, she asked, “Annie, what happened? You… Were you still thinking of Steven? Did you fail to please Joe and piss him off as a result?” 
Joe stood atop the pyramid of power in Jipsburg. Few people dared to upset him. 
This time… It looked as though the Silvers were finished. 
Annie was as pale as a ghost. Everything that happened in the hotel felt like a slap to her face. It mocked her for overestimating herself. 
Even if Joe had been drugged with an aphrodisiac, he still felt nothing for her. The second he touched her, he shoved her off him immediately. It was as though she was a piece of trash he resented. Intense embarrassment washed over her. 
“I did nothing. Joe’s self–control was too strong. The aphrodisiac couldn’t influence him. He loves Skylar. When he saw me, he thought I was Skylar at first. However, he recognized me for who I was shortly after. Then, Paul and the both of you appeared,” Annie explained with a smile. 
Sabrina was surprised. She asked, “How important is Skylar to Joe? Was she so important that Joe thought of her even then? I’ve seen pictures of Skylar. She is pretty but otherwise incomparable to you in every other aspect. What were Joe and Gloria thinking? 
“Mom, this is not what we should bo 
focusing on now. Tomorrow, our family will be cast into turmoil,” Annie said. She smiled bitterly. Why was Sabrina unable to see their new reality even now? Did she not 
understand what was going on? 
Grayson bit his lip harder. He said, “We’ve underestimated Joe. This wouldn’t have happened if we’d used a larger dose.” 
They were afraid of unexpected developments, so they merely used a regular dose. This was their 
outcome. 
“Annie is right. Tomorrow, Joe will be hunting us down. We don’t have much choice left.” 
Sabrina was terrified. She asked, “T–Then, what should we be doing next? None of you will give this up. We’re in a horrible situation already. What can Joe do to us?” 
“All the wealthy families in Jipsburg know how Joe treats his enemies. We do too, don’t we?” Annie chuckled bitterly. 
Grayson suddenly had an idea. He suggested, “Annie, your boyfriend is Skylar’s brother, right? Skylar is probably the only one who can save us. Talk to Steven and make him pressure Skylar into helping us!! give my blessing to your relationship right now!” 
###chapter536
Annie was dumbstruck by Grayson’s suggestion. In confusion, she asked, “Dad, have you given up on our family’s dignity?” 
Grayson’s eyes darted around. 
Sabrina couldn’t meet Annie’s eyes either. However, she still spoke up for Grayson. She advised, “Annie, this is not about our dignity. It concerns whether or not the Silvers can remain in Jipsburg. As to everything else… it doesn’t seem so important. He isn’t going to embarrass us too much.” 
Annie bit her lip and asked, “Are you sure?” 
“We have no better options. This is our only choice. Even if Steven doesn’t deserve you, you can break up with him in the future. You can just use the excuse of unmatched personalities to leave him. It won’t be problem.” Sabrina had thought of a way out already. 
Despite being the one to suggest it, she still felt uneasy about the idea. She’d put her everything into raising Annie to who she was now. She could’ve married into a wealthier family in Jipsburg. In the end, she had to date a poor man. Just the thought of it displeased Sabrina. 
Grayson’s mind was a mess. His face was devoid of color as he said, “Your mom is right. Do as she says. Contact Steven as soon as possible.” 
Suddenly, Rowan called. 
When Annie saw that he was the caller, she hesitated before picking up. 
“Who’s calling?” asked Annie. 
“Rowan.” 
Sabrina frowned and said, “Pick up. Perhaps Rowan is calling to devise a method for dealing with him.” 
Annie wasn’t as optimistic as her. Rowan wouldn’t offer help for nothing. In addition, if Rowan called now he probably knew what had happened. 
The calmer she felt, the more Her scalp prickled. In the end, she picked up. “Rowan.” 
“You’re an idiot, Annie. You’ve known Joe for so long. Haven’t you heard that no one has succeeded in drugging him? How dare you feed him an aphrodisiac? The Silvers could’ve left Jipsburg unscathed. Now, your family is done for,” Rowan scolded. He was dumbstruck by Annie’s stupidity. 
They’d just talked during the gala. Yet, she made a dumb mistake immediately afterward. 
Annie had left him on speaker. She wanted Sabrina and Grayson to hear him. 
Shame colored their expressions after hearing Rowan’s admonishments. 
“Initially, I’d thought there wouldn’t be any problems. I also thought that Joe had a place for me in his 
heart. In the end, it was all my imagination. Do we have no chance of survival anymore?” Annie tried to remain calm. 
A 
Grayson and Sabrina stared at her phone together. 
Throughout the journey, their hearts had leaped into their throats. 
Yet, Rowan chuckled coldly. He asked, “What do you think? You’re so dumb, Annie. You weren’t put up to this by your family, were you? You’ve got a brain, and it functions perfectly. Why would you agree to their antics? The Silvers won’t be able to escape the impending crisis. 
“I’ve called to give you a heads–up because we’ve been friends for a long time. Stop scheming against Joe. If you upset him again, you might suffer a fate worse than the Williamses.” 
Did Steven say not to upset Joe? 
Would asking Skylar to plead mercy for them through Steven upset him? 
The Silvers were thrown into shock time after Rowan’s words. 
He did not engage in worthless conversation with them. Rowan hung up once he was finished. He did not give Annie the chance to ask any questions. 
“I believe you have gotten Rowan’s message. What do you think we should do next? What happened tonight has disrupted my plans. I was planning to marry Steven as soon as possible. After our marriage, Skylar would definitely vouch for us in Steven’s name,” said Annie with tightly clasped hands. 
No one knew how much she regretted her behavior. 
She shouldn’t have hoped for a miracle. 
She’d told her parents. However, they disagreed. 
Upon hearing Annie’s words, they regretted their behavior horribly. 
Sabrina’s eyes glistened. She said, “There’s no point in saying all this now. You should think of how to speak to Steven so he persuades Skylar to help us.” 
Annie said exhaustedly, “Let me think about it.” 
Throughout the night, Skylar felt like nothing in front of Joe. 
They labored throughout the night in different positions. 
###chapter537
Toward the end, Skylar was tethering on the verge of consciousness. Even her fingers were numb. It was the first time they did not shower immediately after they were done. 
When the morning sun rays streamed through the window and fell on Joe’s face, his eyes snapped open. He recalled how he’d fallen into the trap set for him by the Silvers before losing his mind. He tensed up immediately. 
It was a mess. Traces of their mad actions last night were strewn all over the room. 
Despite losing his sanity, his body wouldn’t lie to him. Had he lost control and touched Annie last night? Anger took over him. He wanted to murder her. 
Joe shouted coldly, “Annie, you’ve got a death wish!” 
The woman beside him did not move. It was as though she’d been tortured to death. Even her exposed shoulders were marked with last night’s brutalities. Looking at them made Joe’s stomach churn. Nausea washed over him in waves. 
He was going to end the Silvers! 
Joe roared furiously, “Get lost!” 
It seemed to make the temperature around him drop. 
Skylar was still fast asleep. She was feeling extremely weak and had no strength whatsoever. She couldn’t even open her eyes. However, she knew that she was in a weird place. There seemed to be someone who was extremely dissatisfied with her presence. 
However, no matter how displeased they were, they couldn’t disrupt her sleep, could they? How could they ask her to get lost? 
She shot back before she opened her eyes, “You should get lost! Asshole.” 
Her soft, familiar voice made Joe pause amidst his anger. 
This voice… 
Joe immediately peeked over at the woman facing away from him. When he saw that it was Skylar, he relaxed his clenched jaw. 
He’d spent the night with Skylar, not Annie. 
The nausea Joe had been feeling subsided rapidly. He felt as though he’d been comforted and reassured. Skylar opened her eyes. She felt sore all over and didn’t want to move However, she’d heard someone asking her to get lost, and her sleepiness had magically dissipated. 
She turned to see Joe looking at her. Her expression soured. 
tried pushing you away last night “Weren’t you disappointed when you woke up and saw me, Mr. Martin? I while you were holding me and calling Annie’s name. You were too forceful and wouldn’t budge. You shouldn’t have made Paul call me if you wanted me to get lost. Now, you’re the one who should be getting lost!” 
###chapter538
Skylar poured out all her grievances in a single, shaky breath. The mere thought that she might have been a "replacement" for Annie made her feel a wave of Revulsion. She felt uncomfortable in her own skin, wondering if Joe’s passion had been directed at the wrong person.
Joe, meanwhile, was feeling a rare sense of profound relief. He hadn’t yet had the chance to reflect on why he was so glad it had been Skylar in his bed, but his satisfied body had put him in an uncharacteristically excellent mood.
“You’ve completely misunderstood me,” Joe explained with a patience that was foreign to his usual cold demeanor. “Annie was the one who drugged me. I managed to push her away while I was still semi-conscious. When you finally arrived, my mind was so clouded that I mistook you for her for a split second.”
After a night of frantic intensity, Joe felt fantastic. His explanations were gentle, almost indulgent, as he looked at the woman beside him.
Skylar didn’t entirely buy it yet. She narrowed her eyes and asked, “Just a misunderstanding? Then why did you tell me to get lost? And I’m certain I heard you calling her name.”
Every inch of her body felt sore and battered. She had barely slept before being roused again, and the physical toll was making her furious.
Joe’s gentle expression momentarily froze. The mention of the Silver family brought back a cold, predatory light to his eyes. He definitely had to teach them a lesson they would never forget.
“When I first woke up and saw a figure beside me, I assumed it was Annie,” Joe said softly, his voice dropping an octave. “In that moment, I felt nothing but disgust and fury. That’s why I told you to leave.”
Skylar was stunned. She repeated the word, her voice trailing off, “Disgusted?”
“Yes,” Joe affirmed.
Hearing that, Skylar’s anger began to dissipate. She didn’t want to let the misunderstanding fester any longer. She could tell by the look in his eyes that he was being genuine. If he weren't, Paul never would have called her, and she wouldn’t have seen the humiliated Silvers slinking away in the parking lot earlier.
“Do you believe me now?” Joe asked, pulling her back into his arms. He always felt a sense of grounding comfort when holding her; it satisfied a deep, unspoken part of his soul.
Skylar suddenly grabbed Joe’s hand, which had begun to wander toward her chest. She complained, “I’m not like you—I actually know how to tell right from wrong.”
For some reason, no matter how serious the conversation, his hands always seemed to find their way back to her.
“Do you like it when I touch you here? Don’t worry,” Joe whispered into her ear, his hot breath fanning her skin and sending a shiver down her spine. “I’ll touch you regardless of whether you try to stop me.”
Skylar’s heart skipped a beat. Joe knew every sensitive spot on her body with terrifying precision. He leaned in, his voice dropping to a seductive lure, “Do you want to go again?”
Skylar’s heart pounded, but she quickly protested, “No, I don't!”
She scrambled out of his embrace, hastily wrapping a blanket around herself before stepping out of bed. “I’m going to shower and get to work. If you’re still feeling the effects of whatever they gave you, you can deal with it yourself!”
She felt as though she had been put through a grueling ordeal all night. She couldn’t stand any more. Even a piece of metal would begin to bend after a night of such relentless "hammering."
As Skylar hurried toward the bathroom, she glanced back and realized there was only one blanket on the bed. Joe’s powerful, uncovered figure was splayed out, and he didn’t even make a move to reach for a pillow to hide himself. He just watched her with a smirk.
Skylar’s guess was right—he definitely wanted to go another round.
She inhaled deeply and ducked into the bathroom, slamming the door. Outside, she could hear Joe’s low, rumbling cackle.
“Don’t worry,” he called out. “I’ll give you a break... for today.”
“A man’s guarantee can never be trusted!” Skylar yelled back.
Standing before the mirror, Skylar finally saw the state of herself. She was marked from head to toe, and her cheeks were flushed a deep, permanent pink. When Joe truly "put his everything" into it, she simply couldn't withstand him. Her legs trembled as she stood there, and she realized with a sigh that work was out of the question. She would have to call in and take another day off.

###chapter539
Skylar sat in the bathtub, trying to relieve the soreness throughout her body. Her mind was calm. 
The fact that Annie and the Silvers had drugged Joe meant that they only wanted to take advantage of Steven. The Silvers must’ve thought that the gala last night was an opportunity. In the end, they’d doomed themselves. 
Yesterday, Annie had insisted on her love for Steven. Yet, she climbed onto Joe’s bed on the same night. Her love was too cheap. 
Paul probably had evidence of it, which was exactly what Skylar needed. 
It was 40 minutes later, and Joe had showered in another room. He glanced at the bathroom. Why hadn’t Skylar come out yet? 
Joe checked his watch. Frowning, he strode forward and opened the bathroom door. 
When he saw Skylar fast asleep in the bathtub, he sighed in relief. For a moment, he’d recalled multiple articles about deaths in bathtubs. 
“Stupid girl.” 
Didn’t she know that it was dangerous? 
Joe scolded her internally. However, he carefully lifted her out of the bathtub and tightly wrapped a towel around her. 
She was completely knocked out. When he picked her up, she found a comfortable spot and snuggled into his embrace. She behaved like a lazy cat who trusted and depended on its owner. 
Joe’s breathing hitched. He felt like a feather was tickling his heart. 
A few minutes later, Joe walked out and leaned against the corridor walls. He held a cigarette between his fingers without lighting it. 
However, the cold expression on his face made Paul nervous. 
“Annie’s father and her uncle did it. They bought over the workers at the gala and laced your drink with an aphrodisiac.” 
Joe chuckled coldly and said, “Has the Silver family not suffered enough? How dare they scheme against me. I don’t want to see any trace of the Silvers in Jipsburg from today onward.” 
“Alright, I’ll head to the office and make the necessary arrangements,” Paul replied. He wanted nothing more than to leave as soon as possible. 
Joe was even more terrifying than a lion when he got angry. 
They probably went at it like animals last night, judging by how Skylar wasn’t awake yet. Joe should’ve been wholeheartedly satisfied. Why was there a murderous gleam in his eye? 
Paul was terrified. 
“Wait, check the surveillance footage of the hotel. How did Annie enter my room? How did her parents take her away with only a towel around her? Get the footage and send a copy to Skylar.“. 
Paul was stunned. He asked, “You want me to give it to Mrs. Martin?” 
“She might need it,” said Joe. When he talked about Skylar, the murderous glare in his eyes disappeared. Paul was terrified. He didn’t know whether to believe his eyes. Joe’s expression changed faster than Paul 
could notice. 
“The footage was sent to my phone last night. I’ll forward it to Mrs. Martin later.” 
Joe hummed in acknowledgment and said, “I’m not going to the office today. Get someone to bring a few outfits for Skylar.” 
“They should be on their way here now. Mrs. Martin will be able to wear it once she wakes up,” said Paul. Paul felt that an excellent assistant considered the full picture 
Joe raised an eyebrow and said, “When you get back to the office, talk to Chester Parkson. You’ll be getting a raise.” 
Paul’s eyes widened. Who knew he’d be given such an awesome surprise first thing in the morning? He thanked, “Thank you, Mr. Martin! You’re an excellent man!” 
“When did you start addressing Skylar as Mrs. Martin?” Joe hadn’t noticed. 
Paul was stunned. He said, “Oh, I don’t remember either.” 
In the beginning, he called Skylar Ms. Sullivan. Now, he’d taken to call her Mrs. Martin subconsciously. 
As an outsider, he could tell that Joe liked Skylar. If not, how could Joe push Annie away while she was the case, his self–control was too naked? He had been under the aphrodisiac’s influence too. If that wa powerful. Clearly, Joe adored Skylar. If not, why would he insist on waiting for Skylar, even if that meant taking a cold shower? 
###chapter540
Paul was the best secretary in Jipsburg. He had a sharp eye for things. Only, he didn’t voice out everything he’d seen. 
In addition, he believed that Skylar was worth Joe’s love. How could Joe have made a mistake? After all, Gloria praised her incessantly. She even treated Skylar Ike her own granddaughter. 
“Alright, you can go,” said Joe. 
Paul left immediately as he had many things to do. He could be busy for the whole day. 
Once Annie got home, she took a shower. Unable to sleep, she stayed awake till the sun rose. Only then did she gather the courage to contact Steven. 
Annie made multiple calls to him. Yet, he never picked up. She thought of what Steven had told her. Had he already started work at this hour? 
Grayson and Sabrina couldn’t sleep either. When they saw Annie calling Steven to no avail, Sabrina lost her composure. She asked, “What’s going on?” 
“I think he’s busy. His phone probably isn’t with him.” 
“Is he busy this early in the morning? Does he have so many things to do?” Sabrina complained in displeasure. 
Steven was a working–class man with no status. 
Grayson was disgruntled as well. He said, “Is he not picking up on purpose? He must’ve been a saint in his last life for you to fall for him in this one. How dare he not pick up?” 
“He’s not the kind of person who ignores my call on purpose. If he’s not picking up, it means he’s busy” Annie explained. 
Sabrina and Grayson didn’t care about what kind of person Steven was as long as he could help them. As they tried their best to contact Steven, other members of their family called. 
All the Silvers were in a state of terror. Joshua Silver, the head of the Silver family, had received a call. He scolded them for being such daredevils. How could they give Joe an aphrodisiac? Joshua nearly couldn’t breathe. He was on the brink of fainting. 
Grayson, Thomas, and Annie hadn’t told him about their plan. Before he received the call, he had no idea about it. 
The entire Silver family sunk into a state of chaos. They knew they couldn’t reverse the damage and save themselves this time. The Silvers wouldn’t be able to remain in Jipsburg in the future. Decades of effort had gone down the drain. 
An hour later, Annie realized she’d lost many followers on Instagram. All her friends had distanced themselves from her. 
夕 
Amidst her panic, she called Steven twice more. However, he still didn’t pick up. As Annie was feeling helpless, she suddenly thought of Skylar. Immediately, she called Skylar. 
The call went through. However, Skylar didn’t pick up; Joe accepted the call instead. 
“Why are you calling Skylar?” 
Joe’s voice made her quiver even though she wasn’t speaking face–to–face with him. Terror coursed through her veins. Annie gripped the phone hard, and cold sweat beaded on her forehead. 
“It was a misunderstanding. I can explain. We…” Although Annie was a TV host who should’ve been able to react and adapt to any situation, her mind was blank as she spoke to Joe. 
She had no idea how to come up with an excuse. 
“The only people who treat me like an idiot are the Silvers,” Joe stated lowly. 
###chapter541
Annie’s eyes brimmed with tears. Her heart throbbed painfully. She asked, “Can you give me a chance to speak to Skylar? After all, I’ll be her future sister–in–law 
“Skylar’s future sister–in–law drugged me. Yet, she’s my wife. Do you think she’ll forgive you?” asked Joe mockingly. 
The words “my wife” reeked with possessiveness. 
Annie was shocked. For a second, she felt like Joe adored Skylar. If not, he wouldn’t have been so protective and possessive over her. In addition, Skylar wasn’t someone to be messed with. 
“Seeing as we’ve known each other for so long, can you pretend like last night didn’t happen? The Silvers have made a mistake. I have committed a grave crime. Forgive us this time. Just this once.” 
A chill ran down Annie’s back when she thought of the Williamses‘ demise. None of the Silvers would be able to accept a fall from grace. 
Her heart.pounded nervously as she waited for Joe to relent and agree to let them go. However, Joe hung up on her mercilessly. The lack of an answer was an answer in itself. 
“Why was Joe the one who picked up?” Sabrina held her breath in silence. She only dared to speak when he hung up. 
The two women hid in their bedroom. Grayson and several other Silvers were discussing what to do next. It was the first time Sabrina had encountered such a messy situation since marrying into the Silver family. “It’s not a difficult guess. After we left, he called Skylar over. They’re together right now,” said Annie. Her face was entirely pale. 
Sabrina frowned and said, “I don’t understand how Skylar seduced Joe. How did she claim his affection? She looks like a manipulative fox.” 
“Stop talking, Mom. Scolding them isn’t going to change anything,” Annie sighed deeply. Color had completely drained from her face. 
Sabrina was scowling as she complained, “Almost two hours have passed. Why hasn’t Steven called you back?” 
“He’s either busy or still asleep. He might’ve worked too late last night.” Skylar knew Steven. Anyone might’ve kept their distance from her or suspected her, but Steven wouldn’t do that. 
Annie felt nervous when she thought of Steven’s wholehearted trust in her. 
If Steven had learned of last night’s incident, would he have believed her explanation? 
When Skylar woke up, she found herself being held by Joe. She was locked in his embrace; his heart pounded against her ear. 
“You’re up?” 
Joe had just woken up. His voice was rather horse and lazy. 
Skylar yawned, still exhausted. She replied, “I woke up out of hunger. She had no idea how long she’d slept for. Her soreness had subsided. Joe asked, “I’m hungry as well. What would you like to eat?” 
212 
“Let’s go for a fondue,” Skylar answered lazily. 
If hunger hadn’t woken her up, she would’ve slept till night fell. 
However, she had something important to do after finishing her meal. 
20 minutes later, Skylar walked out of the bathroom. She scolded Joe furiously, “Joe, go eat that fondue on your own! I don’t want to see you for the next two days!” 
She had been disorientated when she’d woken up in the morning. Although she knew he’d gone at her fiercely, she only saw the full extent when she went to shower. Her lips were swollen. There were marks on her body that looked alright in the morning but became terrifying just then. 
Her clothes couldn’t cover them. Skylar wouldn’t be able to leave the house like that! 
Joe had changed into casual attire. He looked young and energetic. In contrast, Skylar looked like a seductive little temptress who’d been gobbled up by him. 
###chapter542
Joe felt a rare sense of hesitation as he stared at Skylar. Although she appeared fragile and weary, there was an undeniable pull to her presence that he couldn't ignore. Scenes from the previous night rushed to the forefront of his mind, making his heart pound as his gaze darkened with intensity.
Taking advantage of his height, Joe crossed the room in a few long strides and leaned in to kiss her. Skylar was caught entirely off guard. She hadn’t expected him to be so bold again so soon. As his hands slid toward her waist, she quickly grabbed his wrists to steady him.
“Joe, can’t you control yourself for once?”
Skylar felt her eyes welling up with a mix of exhaustion and genuine fear. After the relentless events of the previous night, she couldn't understand how he still had so much energy. Her legs were still aching, a constant reminder of his lack of restraint.
Joe leaned down, gently kissing the corner of her reddened eyes. “Don’t overthink it,” he murmured. “It’s just that you looked so captivating a moment ago. I didn't want to let the moment go to waste.”
“You’ve completely misread the situation!” Skylar exclaimed, her lips twitching with annoyance. She hadn't realized until now just how talented he was at twisting the truth to suit his desires. She had been reprimanding him, not inviting him. Men are truly unbearable, she thought.
“Don’t even dream of touching me for the rest of the month,” Skylar said, her voice laced with genuine fury. Because of him, she wasn't just missing work today; she likely wouldn't be able to show her face tomorrow either. The markings on her neck were glaringly obvious and impossible to hide.
Joe smirked, letting out a low chuckle. “If you don’t want to go out, why don’t we just stay in? We could have fondue right here in the hotel.”
“I’m currently full of rage, not hunger,” Skylar huffed, climbing back into the safety of the bed covers.
Joe looked at her fondly, his expression softening. “Let’s try some Wiccan specialty food instead then.”
Skylar glared at him, a silent warning that any further teasing would result in disastrous consequences. Joe choked back a laugh and finally picked up the phone to call room service. “Bring me everything needed for a fondue,” he ordered.
Hearing that he was actually ordering the comfort food, Skylar’s anger subsided slightly, though she remained buried under the blankets.

Meanwhile, across the city, Steven had only gone to bed at 5:00 AM after finishing a grueling shift. When he finally woke up at 11:00 AM, he was grateful for his scheduled day off. After a quick shower, he began preparing a simple breakfast.
While eating, he scrolled through his phone and noticed multiple missed calls from Annie. His heart skipped a beat. Why had she called so many times in such a short window? Was she in trouble? This was unlike her.
Steven lost his appetite instantly. He set his fork down and immediately dialed her back. The phone didn't ring for long before Annie picked up.
“Steven…” Her voice was thick, sounding as though she had been crying for hours. There was a desperate, helpless undertone in her words.
Steven’s heart leaped into his throat. “Annie, tell me what's wrong. Take it slow. I’ll help you find a solution, no matter what it is.”
Hearing his steady voice, Annie’s racing heart slowed slightly, though tears continued to stream down her face. “Let’s talk face-to-face. I can’t explain this over the phone. Can you take a day off today?”
“I worked until 5:00 AM last night, so I have the whole day off,” Steven answered gently. “I’ll come to you.”
“No, I’ll find you,” Annie said hurriedly, her voice strained.
Steven found the request strange. A heavy feeling settled in his chest—an intuition that something life-changing was about to happen. He could tell Annie was falling apart even through the static of the call.
Less than forty minutes later, Annie appeared at Steven’s door, looking like a ghost of her former self.

###chapter543
Steven’s company had allocated an apartment for one as his hostel. It had everything he needed. 
“Annie, you…” Steven was surprised when he saw Annie’s pale face. She looked sick. 
Annie hugged Steven and nuzzled against his chest. She pleaded, “Put your arms around me, Steven. Hold me.” 
In the time they’d spent together, they’d done some of the things one would expect in a relationship. They’d held hands and shared a few kisses. However, Annie seldom behaved so forwardly. 
Steven suddenly felt that he and Annie had entered the next stage of their relationship. His heart throbbed for Annie’s helplessness, and he embraced her with all his might. 
“Don’t be scared. No matter what has happened, I’ll face it with you. Believe me, Annie,” Steven consoled her softly. 
Tears streamed down Annie’s face silently. Her eyes were red and swollen. 
Steven looked down at his tear–stained shirt. He felt a pang of anguish upon seeing it. 
“Really? Will you believe me no matter what happens? Will you face it with me? Can I believe you, Steven?” Annie asked softly. 
Steven gently caressed Annie’s head and said, “Yeah. You can always trust me, even when you’re in doubt of everyone around you. Since I made the choice to be with you, I’ve 
prepared myself to face all sorts of challenges with you.” 
Steven did not make promises often. Once he made one, he would keep to it. 
Annie was deeply touched. This was the first time she’d been the recipient of such genuineness. At the same time, regret filled her 
Would she be in much less trouble today if she hadn’t agreed to Grayson and Thomas‘ plans? Would she feel less diffident in front of Steven? 
Without realizing it, Steven had occupied a space in her heart. Although he wasn’t as important as Joe, she couldn’t ignore how much he meant to her. 
“Steven, I believe you. I know you. You’re kind. You will fulfill the promises you’ve made. That’s why I chose you,” Annie said softly. 
Steven noticed that she seemed much calmer. He took her hand and led her to the couch. They sat down. 
Annie saw a glass of milk and a plate of half–eaten eggs on the dining table. She asked, ” Have I interrupted you from having breakfast? You should eat first.” 
“I’m not hungry. Let’s talk about what’s going on with you,” Steven said softly. 
Annie bit her lip and repeated, “You should eat first. I’ll tell you about it after you’re done.” 
Steven smiled warmly. He gave her a fond nod and said, “Alright. I’ll eat now. However, I can eat while listening to you speak.” 
“We’re not in a rush,” replied Annie. She balled Her hands into fists. 
Steven did not insist on conversing immediately. He sat down and finished his half–eaten breakfast. 
While Skylar was waiting for the fondue, she picked up her phone to call Paul. 
When she unlocked her phone, she saw the video Paul had sent her. It depicted how Annie entered the room and how she’d left. It was complete. In addition, the hotel’s surveillance cameras recorded high–resolution footage. Her actions were perfectly captured, and her face could be seen clearly. 
Skylar replied, “Thanks.” 
Immediately, Skylar downloaded the video. 
Tonight, she would seek Steven out. It was time to talk to him about Annie. 
Joe looked at Skylar. She wouldn’t even spare him a glance or talk to him. Suddenly, he felt that she was adorable while angry. It showed a genuine part of her he seldom saw. It had brought them closer together. Indeed, he was willing to appease her. 
“How can I appease you? Why don’t I let you have your way with me next time?” 
###chapter544
Skylar sent Steven a text to fix a time to meet. While she was doing so, she heard Joe speak. Although she looked up at him, she ignoted him otherwise, 
How would she have her way with him? She wasn’t as fast as him, and he was much stronger than her. 
Skylar decided not to give him any attention for today, She’d start thinking about forgiving him once her bruises began fading. 
A laugh escaped Joe. He’d lost control and went at her too hard last right. 
She was probably the only one who could make him get carried away in bed, it was fie 
fault. However, they had a lot of time ahead of them. He would csex her back into his arme 
211 
Steven had a simple breakfast. In reality, he should’ve been having lunch at this hour. He finished his milk, eggs, and toast in a few bites. He was absorbed in his thoughts and concern for Annie. He didn’t have much of an appetite. 
Annie was distracted. She looked lost. Despite Stever’s soothing consolations and promises, she remained high–strung, 
In a few minutes, she would know whether Steven really liked her. Annie would learn exactly how much she meant to him. 
“I’m done. Now, you can tell me about it,” Steven said. He came to the couch and sat 
beside Annie. 
Steven seemed trustworthy. People depended on him. Perhaps that was because he’d needed to care for his younger siblings from a young age. 
Annie’s mess of emotions calmed. It was probably because of Steven’ss ability to calm people. 
Annie took a deep breath and began telling him what happened. 
As Steven listened to Annie’s story, his expression turned somber. When he received Annie’s calls, he wondered what had happened. He’d come up with multiple possibilities, but this hadn’t been something he’d considered, 
As Annie spoke, she watched Steven’s expressions change. She couldn’t help but marvel at Steven’s steadiness. No matter what happened, he was able to face it calmly, She couldn’t read his emotions from his expression. Only now had Annie noticed Steven’s host of strengths. 
Skylar had originally asked St to meet her at the barbecue restaurant they tended to 
visit. However, Steven said he’d been pulling too many all–nighters, and his stomach had been acting up. He asked her to meet him at his hostel. He would cook for her. 
Skylar had tried Steven’s cooking before. He’d learnt all his cooking skills from Janine, so he wasn’t half bad. 
Coincidentally, she’d eaten fondue in the hotel. Skylar wasn’t looking forward to greasy 
food. 
While she was making her way there, Paul sent her more information on Annie. With those reports and the video, Skylar believed that Steven should learn the whole picture. 
Skylar had gone to Steven’s apartment twice before. Although it wasn’t big, it was in a quiet neighborhood. It had everything he needed. 
When she arrived, Steven was still making dinner. 
“How much are you planning to make for just the two of us? Let me help you.” 
###chapter545
There were already three dishes on the table. 
“Turn on the television and have a watch. I’ll be done soon. You haven’t eaten my cooking in a while, haven’t you? My skills have improved recently. You should try them later,” Steven 
said from the kitchen. 
Even before tasting them, Skylar would’ve given them full marks just for its aroma. She exclaimed, “No matter what you make, I’m sure they’ll be delicious!” 
Steven busied in the kitchen. When he heard that, his expression underwent a minuscule change. He recalled what Annie had told him in the afternoon. A somber demeanor took over his face. 
Ten minutes later, Steven brought three more dishes out of the kitchen. Skylar hurried over to help. Now, there were six dishes in total on the table. It looked and smelled wonderful. 
When Skylar arrived, she was still relatively full. Yet, looking at the food before her, she felt a pang of hunger. 
Steven smiled and replied, “It’s still far off from what Mom can cook.” 
Skylar wasn’t in a hurry to talk about Annie. 
Skylar and Steven had grown up together. Skylar knew that Steven was harboring troubles of his own. Perhaps she could wait for Steven to start the conversation. 
Her family was the most important thing to her. She didn’t want her family to be hurt at all. 
Both of them were in sync with each other. None of them spoke during dinner. 
After dinner, Steven started, “Skye, you’re here to talk to me about Annie, right?” 
Skylar trembled as she peeled the orange. 
“The both of us seldom chat with each other in this manner. In the afternoon, I recalled more than surprise on your face when I brought Annie home. It’s a pity I hadn’t picked up on it. Perhaps it was because I could see nothing other than her. I’ve missed a lot,” 
continued Steven. 
Skylar put her orange down and asked, “Did Annie seek you out today?” 
She was surprised that Annie’s shamelessness could reach such an extent. How could she come to see Steven after what happened last night? 
s 
Steven seldom saw such a cruel expression on Skylar’s face. 
“Have an orange, Steven. Then, tell me what she said,” Skylar said softly. She did not seem hasty. 
Steven suddenly found that Skylar had grown up. She could handle anything thrown her 
212 
way calmly. Despite knowing the truth about Annie, she could still conduct herself leisurely before Steven. 
While he was comforted by this, sadness overcame him as well. 
“She did seek me out today. She told me about her conflict with Joe and the situation the Silvers are in. I’ve even been told about the misunderstanding that happened last night at Stargaze Hotel,” Steven said softly. 
Skylar nodded and replied, “She’s given you a good description of the full picture. In that case, you should know about how much she liked Joe. You should also know why the Silvers are currently in a crisis. At the same time, you must know about how she’d given Joe an aphrodisiac, right?” 
As she spoke, she took off the scarf around her neck. Skylar hadn’t taken it down during dinner. She didn’t want anyone to see the love bites on her, especially her family. 
Although Steven wasn’t particularly experienced in such sexual matters, it did not mean he was clueless. Those colorful bruises told him what Skylar had gone through. 
“Last night, because of the Silvers, Joe lost his mind after ingesting an aphrodisiac. At the critical moment, he pushed Annie away. Then, he waited for me,” Skylar said. She spoke without shame and told it as it was. 
Steven frowned deeply. He seemed to realize something. However, he swallowed his words before they could escape him. 
Skylar continued slowly, “If last night was a misunderstanding like what you said, why would she seek you out today? The Silvers are probably worrying their heads off. They’d prepared the most advanced aphrodisiac they could find. The Silvers might’ve gotten their way if it wasn’t for Joe’s amazing self–control.” 
###chapter546
Skylar sighed and handed her phone to Steven.
“You should take a look at this video. I didn't want to confront you with this reality until it was absolutely necessary. I was hoping she genuinely cared for you—after all, you are an incredible man. So many people have admired you since we were young, and I always hoped to welcome a sister-in-law who truly adored you.”
As Skylar spoke, Steven’s jaw tightened. Tears welled in his eyes, and his fingers trembled slightly as they hovered above the play button. After a long moment of hesitation, he pressed it.
The high-resolution surveillance footage began to play. It showed Annie using a key card to enter a hotel room. She paused for a brief second before stepping inside, closing the door behind her. Then, the video shifted to double speed until Joe appeared in the frame.
Two minutes later, Paul entered the view. He knocked firmly before proceeding to force the door open. Shortly after, Sabrina and Grayson arrived on the scene.
Although the camera couldn't capture their exact expressions, the chaotic energy of the moment was clear. Steven could only imagine the shock when the door was opened, and the sheer panic Annie must have felt as she attempted to flee the room, clutching nothing but a towel around her.
He watched the scene unfold with a heavy heart.
“She told me this was all Grayson and Thomas’s plan,” Steven said, his voice thick as he inhaled deeply. “She claimed she knew nothing from the beginning. She said she was surprised to find Joe in the room and that she had only just finished her shower. She swore she had no idea what was happening.”
Skylar nodded slowly. “That isn’t an impossible excuse.”
Indeed, the silent video couldn't definitively prove Annie’s prior knowledge or her intent to seduce Joe. Annie had clearly prepared her defense the moment the plan went south. By shifting the entire blame onto Grayson and playing the role of the innocent victim, she had reacted with her typical, calculated skill.
To make her story even more convincing, she had admitted to having a crush on Joe in the past—a strategic "confession" designed to make the rest of her lies feel like the absolute truth.
“Will you believe her, Steven?” Skylar asked softly.
She knew her brother didn't open his heart to people easily, but once he did, he was all in. In her mind, Annie didn't deserve that kind of loyalty.
Steven’s expression remained ice-cold. He didn’t say whether he believed Annie’s story or not. Instead, he looked at his sister and said, “You wouldn't have come to see me with just a video as your only evidence. Show me everything else you have, Skye.”
Skylar agreed, opening her message history with Paul. “These are the files Paul sent over. You should look through them yourself.”
Steven took the phone, opening the documents one by one. Skylar remained silent, giving him the space to digest the information. Being lied to by someone you trust is a visceral, hollow feeling—especially since Annie had gained the upper hand by reaching out to him first to spin her narrative.
Skylar watched him, unsure which way the scales of truth would tip for her brother.
As he scrolled through the records, Steven’s grip on the phone tightened until his knuckles turned white. He pursed his lips, his eyes scanning a particular log. It revealed that after Annie had left Steven’s hotel earlier, she hadn't gone straight home as she had promised. Instead, she had gone to a secret meeting with Rowan.

###chapter547
However, Rowan would not let Annie in. Annie Khew Rowan was home, but she got no response after ringing the doorbell multiple times and making countless calls. No one opened the door or answered her phone calls. 
Rowan must’ve been disappointed by what happened last night. 
“Rowan, I know you’re at home. You should be able to hear me. Indeed, I did not think it through. I saw no way out of our situation and agreed to their plans. Considering our years of friendship, I’ll be endlessly thankful if you can vouch for me in front of Joe. This is the last time I’m seeking you out. I’m sorry.” 
Annie walked away. When she looked back, she found that the door remained closed. It probably wouldn’t open anytime soon. She bit her lip and left. 
After she was gone, the door swung open. Rowan stood at the door. His lips twitched as he said, “What had she been doing then? She ignored what I told her yesterday. She’s suffering the consequences of her actions now! 
Anníe returned home after visiting Rowan. 
The Silvers hadn’t yielded anything from their discussion. After spending a day on it, they were exhausted. One by one, they left. 
When Annie got home, Grayson and Sabrina were the only ones there. 
Upon seeing her, Sabrina hurried forward and asked impatiently, “How was it? Did Stevem agree to help us? He will ask Skylar to vouch for us, right?” 
Annie hadn’t slept a wink last night. After the mental exhaustion of the day, there wasn’t a bit of strength throughout her body. She said weakly, “Steven likes me. He also believes me. Coincidentally, Skylar will be meeting him tonight. He’ll probably speak for us then.” 
“Probably? What do you mean ‘probably‘? He has to put all his might into helping us out of this crisis. He shouldn’t think about being with you if he can’t even do that. He doesn’t deserve you at all,” said Sabrina. 
Annie felt frustrated when she looked at Sabrina. She seemed to think that this was justifiable. Hadn’t she faced reality? 
This time, they were punching above their weight. 
Grayson’s expression was one of utter dismay. He asked, “Is Steven confident? Will Skylar listen to him? I heard that they aren’t biological siblings. Will these circumstances make the problem more difficult to handle?” 
Annie said worriedly, “Dad, I can guara you that I’ve done my best. I’ve done everything I could do. As to the conclusion, I don’t know how things will turn out. 
212 
“As for Skylar… She might’ve prepared a few things that will make Steven waver. Perhaps he’ll never want to see me again. In addition, will Joe halt his revenge on us for Steven? If yesterday hadn’t happened, he might’ve given us some wiggle space for Skylar. Now…” 
She’d done her best to fix things. Annie tried to make Steven believe that everything was a misunderstanding brewing from the past. 
However, she couldn’t underestimate Skylar or look down on Joe. What Skylar couldn’t do, Joe definitely could. 
Grayson’s face was devoid of color. 
Sabrina looked horrified. She asked, “If this doesn’t work, what can we do? Your grandfather has sunk into chaos on his part. Your uncles are planning to move out of Jipsburg. I–I’ve stayed in Jipsburg for a long time. I don’t want to leave just like that.” 
Annie balled her fists. She was lost. Yet, terror thrummed in her heart. She said, “It’s too late to leave now. It isn’t up to you whether you want to go or not. Have you seen how people who’ve tried to drug Joe leave Jipsburg?” 
For some reason, Annie panicked. 
She could only hope she meant enough to Steven so he would stand by her side and vouch for her no matter what happened. No matter what Skylar said or did, he could never believe her. 1 
###chapter548
Steven said nothing after looking through her phone. He passed it back to Skylar. Then, he walked to his balcony. His hostel was high, and he could see the whole city from his balcony. 
As the sky darkened, a cloud of loneliness seemed to descend around Jipsburg. 
Skylar looked at Steven’s lonely silhouette. Her heart sank. It seemed to curl into itself and throb painfully. Steven shouldn’t have been involved in these happenings, but Annie had dragged him into it despite his innocence. 
As Steven was lost in thought on the balcony, Skylar tidied the table and put away their cutleries. 
When she walked out of the kitchen, Skylar saw Steven smoking. She seldom saw Steven doing that. To be exact, she’d never seen him smoke before. 
Charles and Harvey went through a rebellious period as teenagers. However, Steven had carried huge responsibilities on his shoulders since a young age. He was like their father, ensuring they kept a roof over their heads. 
He needed to spend money on cigarettes. Yet, he was unwilling to do so. 
After he began working, he needed to support his family with his pay. Sometimes, he carried a pack of cigarettes in his hand, but it was only a decoration. 
Skylar’s heart panged for him. She teared up. Suddenly, she got a text from Joe. 
“I’m under your brother’s hostel waiting to take you home. You don’t need to hurry. If you can’t get it done, call me. I’ll go upstairs to talk for you.” 
Skylar’s tears flowed down her face uncontrollably. 
She texted, “Okay.” Tears blurred her vision. 
After a brief pause, she added, “Thank you.” 
She’d come in a cab and wasn’t feeling particularly energetic. She’d asked Paul to get someone to drive her car back to Galaxy Villa Joe had proposed to drive her to Steven’s hostel. However, she had been angry with him, so she left the hotel in a cab. 
However, she wasn’t angry anymore. 
When night took the sky over, and a few stars began twinkling, Steven looked down. When he turned around, he saw Skylar standing behind him with red–rimmed eyes. 
Noticing that he was staring at her, she smiled immediately. 
Steven felt that his heart was being stitched up 
Concern came from Skylar, his sister whom he’d pampered growing up. Whatever 
happened, his family would always stay by his side. He’d made Skylar worry. 
Steven walked over and said, “I’ve made my judgment. Don’t worry. I know what to do. Do you know what I was thinking about just now?” He spoke gently. Steven was scared that his silence would worry her and scare her. 
Steven remembered many things his younger siblings had no recollection of growing up. After getting into university and starting work, he experienced many things. 
Yet, he hadn’t expected that the first time he liked a woman and entered a serious relationship to end like this. 
Skylar shook her head and replied, “I can’t guess. I’m rather scared. I’m terrified that you’ll be affected because of me. You guys mean the most to me. I dread seeing any of my family members get hurt. Yet…” 
Her throat felt dry and scratchy. Tears filled Skylar’s eyes once again. 
She couldn’t hide her emotions from Steven, who’d pampered her growing up. It was as though she’d returned to her childhood. When she felt sad, she would complain about it to Steven. 
He caressed Skylar’s head and said, “You’ve never been a burden to me. You’re my sister, I know you’ve run into many troubles frequently and got enveloped by darkness. Yet, while you were going through this, I did not face your problems with you. I didn’t even realize that you were going through this. I was blaming myself for that just now. 
“I blamed myself for not caring for you, even though I’m your brother. From the second you saw Annie until now, you’ve been considerate of my feelings. Skye, you’ve grown up. It’s my fault for making you worry.” 
Skylar broke down. She choked out through sobs, “Steven, it’s my fault.” 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>> 
###chapter549
Skylar left Steven’s hostel. 
When she saw the luxury car parked by the side of the road, she sighed deeply. Skylar had just been crying. Thankfully, it was dark outside now. Once she entered the car, he wouldn’t be able to see her face clearly. 
She hadn’t expected Joe to have such excellent eyesight. 
The second she got into the car, Joe asked, “Have you been crying?” 
“No,” Skylar denied hoarsely. 
Joe frowned. He briefly looked into Skylar’s eyes before asking, “Did Steven not believe you?” 
If not, why would such a strong–willed woman like her cry? 
“Whether he believes me or not isn’t important. The worst part is that I’ve dragged him into this. Steven is innocent,” Skylar explained. She did not look at Joe. Instead, she looked out the window at the sea of cars outside. There were many people as well. 
However, she was immensely sad. For the first time, she doubted whether she’d made the right decision in marrying Joe. She wasn’t scared of the challenges they might face. She would handle them with Joe by her side. That didn’t mean that her family members weren’t scared. 
She’d hoped that Steven’s first love would be one he’d look back on fondly. It would bring him nothing but sweet memories. She hadn’t wanted him to be manipulated and used. 
Joe promised lowly, “I won’t let the Silvers get away with this.” 
From where he was sitting, he could see Skylar’s eyes. She seemed somewhat lost. He could see a desire to keep her distance from him in her gaze. 
He asked, “What are you thinking about?” 
There was a heaviness in Skylar’s heart. She looked back at Joe’s searching gaze. Perhaps because she felt rather weak today, she didn’t want to look away. 
“Joe, let’s keep our marriage a secret for the next three years. Three years later, no one will know if we get a divorce. Let’s follow the terms of our original contract.” 
She wanted to have a peaceful separation. 
s 
In addition, she was scared that she would fall for Joe as time passed. If Joe fell for someone else in the future and divorced her, she would be reluctant to let him go. 
Joe’s dark eyes glinted coldly. He fixed Skylar with a sharp gaze. 
“Have you thought it through?” 
Had what happened to Steven scared her? Did she want to distance herself from him? 
Skylar húmmed softly. Then, she said, “I’m sorry. I’ve broken the terms of our contract.” 
Suddenly, her courage dissipated. 
As Steven stood on the balcony, horror had taken over her for a second. If he’d jumped, she wouldn’t forgive herself. 
In addition… 
The most important thing was that the quickening of her heartbeat when she saw Joe’s text reminded her of reality. She was scared that she would lose control of herself as time passed. 
Joe pursed his lips. The veins on his forehead popped. He seemed to be suppressing something. 
Suddenly, he ordered, “Stop the car.” 
Lucas immediately stepped on the brakes. He hadn’t even dared to breathe too loudly just now. Now, he was even more terrified. 
The car stopped by the side of the road. 
Joe glared at Skylar and said, “Good, Skylar. You’re great!” 
He opened the door and got off. Then, he instructed Lucas coldly, “Take Ms. Sullivan back to Galaxy Villa.” 
###chapter550
Skylar could tell that Joe was furious through his tone. 
Lucas‘ back was stiff while color drained from Skylar’s face. 
Annie waited for a long time. After she got home, Grayson and Sabrina asked her for updates every half an hour. They wanted to know whether Steven had given her response. 
Annie panicked when there was no news from Steven by 9:00 pm. 
Steven… 
What had Skylar told Steven? 
any 
When Annie left, Steven had said that he would believe her. Was this just a lie to console and placate her? 
“Why does this feel a little off? Haven’t you talked it out with Steven? Seeing as he likes you, he should definitely believe every word you say,” Sabrina said. She was in doubt of Steven. 
Grayson did not want to continue waiting. He said, “Annie, call him and ask him about his decision.” 
Annie did not need Grayson to remind her. She wanted to call him herself. 
With her phone in her hand, Annie suddenly felt like backing down. 
Sabrina could tell. She frowned and said, “Are you scared of calling him? Now is the time to test him. If he really loves you, he’ll believe you and help us out of our crisis. If he hesitates and would
rather see whether we can make it through this crisis, there’s no need to waste time on him. We won’t let you marry him.” 
If it were another man from a poor background, he would’ve been racking his brains out trying to appease the Silvers. If he could help them with their troubles, they would 
definitely support Annie’s decision to stay with him. 
“Sabrina is right,” said Grayson. He was immensely dissatisfied with Steven. 
Annie looked at Sabrina and Grayson. She didn’t know what to say or how to explain to them that their high–and–mighty attitude wouldn’t work on Steven. 
Steven’s future could outshine that of the Silvers. In addition, they might not be able to stay in Jipsburg. 
Annie took a deep breath and called Steven. It rang for a while, but no one picked up. 
What was Steven doing? Was he still talking to Skylar? 
212 
“What? Is he not picking up?” asked Sabrina nervously. She’d noticed what had happened. 
Annie gave him another call. Still, no one picked up. Her heart sank. She called twice more. 
Steven was definitely not working at this hour. He was on leave today. In addition, Skylar would be seeing him that night. Even if they had much to discuss, he did not need to keep 
her away. 
Annie stood up suddenly and said, “I’ll go find him.” 
“Wait,” Sabrina ordered. 
She couldn’t let Annie go. Night had fallen. If Annie went over, he might take advantage of her. Sabrina felt uneasy when she thought of Steven’s background. 
Steven didn’t deserve Annie, nor did he deserve the Silver family name. 
Grayson glared at Sabrina and said, “At this point, you shouldn’t care about that. Your sole focus should be whether or not we can resolve this crisis.” 
Annie knew what her parents were thinking. She smiled resignedly and said, “That’s a figment of your imagination. He’s not the type of man to take advantage of me. He’s a good man.” 
After calming down, Annie realized that she knew Steven well. The more she understood him, the more she felt she would lose him. 
###chapter551
Sabrina couldn’t help but clench her fists. She felt utterly lost. 
“A gentleman? Only ordinary people bother with that. Annie, don’t tell me you’re really into him. He’s not good enough for you,” Sabrina said with a tone full of disdain. 
Annie knew that she couldn’t change Sabrina’s mind no matter what she said. Hence, she muttered quietly, “I understand.” 
After Annie left, Sabrina sat on the couch, looking displeased. “That Steven is really taking advantage of Annie.” 
Grayson frowned deeply. He looked at Sabrina with the same displeased expression. “If you hadn’t made those impulsive calls to Mrs. Martin Senior in the beginning, we wouldn’t be in this situation.” 
He replayed the entire situation in his mind. Ultimately, it was Sabrina’s foolishness and thoughtlessness that caused all their problems. 
Of course, it was also partly Skylar’s fault. A woman from the countryside caused so much trouble for the Silver family. 
“You blame me? You supported me then, believing we couldn’t let anyone hinder Annie’s future. How was I supposed to know Skylar would captivate Joe so much? How could I have predicted he would dote on her so much?” 
Sabrina felt embarrassed whenever she thought of it. 
Now that the Silver family was in trouble, all her former friends refused to take her calls Some even blocked her on WhatsApp. 
Thinking about it felt like a heavy stone was pressing on her chest. She felt a relentless 
suffocation. 
Grayson fell silent. 
Sabrina said, “Our family… If we can’t get through this crisis, will we really be finished? Will we end up like the Williams family?” Sabrina finally realized the gravity of the situation and was scared. 
Grayson’s face turned pale. “Our situation could be worse than the Williams family. We might not be able to face our family members afterward. So, let’s hope Steven can persuade Skylar.” 
“If Steven manages it, do we really have to marry Annie off to him?” Sabrina asked reluctantly. 
A gleam appeared in Grayson’s eyes. He shook his head and said, “It’s too early to discuss marriage. Let’s first see if he can help us. If he does, we’ll support him in his career. That’s more than enough.” 
212 
“You’re right. It’s too soon 
Osay anything definitive.” Sabrina nodded in agreement. She had been overthinking the situation. 
Annie drove to Steven’s apartment. As she got out of the car, she looked up at the apartment building. 
The lights were on in Steven’s apartment, so he should still be there. It was already 10:00 pm; Skylar should have left by now. 
Annie had a key card Steven had given her, so she entered the apartment building and took the elevator. 
Steven lived on the 28th floor. 
Most of the residents in this apartment were Steven’s colleagues. 
In the elevator, someone even recognized her. They knew her as Steven’s girlfriend. She had visited his company before in that capacity. 
She stopped in front of Steven’s door when she stepped out of the elevator. 
Annie felt a wave of anxiety wash over her. She took a few deep breaths. 
Then, she rang the doorbell. After a few rings, she thought she heard footsteps approaching from inside the apartment. It should be Steven coming to the door. 
But the footsteps stopped in front of the door. Annie’s heartbeat quickened. 
She knew Steven was standing just on the other side. However, she couldn’t help but wonder why Steven wasn’t opening the door. Why was he hesitating? 
“Steven, are you there?” Annie asked softly. 
As soon as she spoke, the door opened. 
###chapter552
Steven stood in front of the door. 
At six feet and two inches tall, he had to look down slightly to meet Annie’s eyes. As Annie looked up at Steven, she suddenly felt distant. 
This sense of alienation left her standing at the door. It was as if her feet were glued to the floor. She couldn’t lift them to step inside. 
It was.a completely different feeling from when she saw him that afternoon. 
When he saw her that afternoon, Steven’s eyes shone brightly. It was the kind of light one has when looking at a beloved–firm and full of strength. 
It was as if he could give her the whole world and shield her from harm, keeping her safe under his care. Even though his strength might not be that great, he would use all his power to keep her safe. 
But now, Steven’s eyes held only a faint coldness as he looked down at Annie. There was no trace of the affection she had seen earlier. 
Annie’s heart tightened, and she spoke with a strained voice, “Steven.” Steven glanced outside and replied in a low voice, “Come in, let’s talk.” “Okay.” Annie walked in with heavy steps. She sat down on the couch. The comfort of the couch did little to dispel the cold she felt inside. 
“Why did you come to find me?” Steven asked. 
Annie’s heart skipped a beat. “You don’t trust me anymore, do you?” 
“I do like you genuinely, Annie, but you shouldn’t deceive me. I may not like using manipulation on people around me, but that doesn’t mean I don’t understand it,” Steven said calmly. 
Annie’s heart pounded as she listened. She felt her eyes welling up with tears. She couldn’t stay seated on the couch any longer. 
She stood up abruptly. She explained, “No, Steven, it’s not like that. There have been misunderstandings, but what I’ve told you is true. I know there’s been a profound misunderstanding between Skylar and me. I understand Skylar’s doubts about me. 
“But Steven, since we committed to this relationship, you said the key to lasting is mutual trust. So why are you suddenly doubting me?” 
“I did say those words, but I also said there shouldn’t be lies between two people. Annie, everything you’ve said so far still seems self–serving and full of deceit. I understand why you approached me.” Steven’s words were powerful. 
His words weren’t heated. Even his demeanor remained calm. 
Yet every word struck Annie’s heart like a blow. Annie looked at Steven in confusion, her facé turning pale. “What did Skylar say to you that made you believe her so unquestioningly?” 
She couldn’t understand it. She had taken the initiative. She had come to see Steven early. 
Besides, she had admitted to certain things first. This approach should have made Steven trust her first and then question Skylar. 
Annie couldn’t believe he would trust Skylar’s words instead of hers. 
“When you ask the question, it shows you’re feeling guilty. Annie, you’re someone I’ve genuinely liked. But some things don’t need to end messily. Let’s part amicably,” Steven stated. He proposed a breakup with Annie. 
Annie staggered, nearly falling over. She looked at Steven in disbelief. “What did you say? Break up?” 
“There’s no need for us to see each other again.” Steven’s voice remained cold and resolute. 
The more composed he was, the more he understood the distance that had grown between him and Annie during their recent interactions. 
Initially, he had mistaken this distance for a woman’s reserve or simply the dynamics of a boyfriend– girlfriend relationship,.or perhaps it was because his sense of security for Annie wasn’t sufficient. 
Today, after learning some truths, he was suddenly clear. It was because he was merely a means to an end for her. 
Annie’s heart raced, and she instinctively grabbed Steven’s arm. 
###chapter553
Annie stared intently at Steven. She tried to find any trace of love in Steven’s eyes. But Steven avoided her gaze. 
“Fine, I admit I approached you with a purpose initially. My family fell into trouble because of me, and I had to find a way to solve it. Otherwise, my parents would be too ashamed to face the rest of the Silver family. 
“With no other options, I had to place all my hopes on you. At first, I thought it was just using you, and I didn’t feel guilty. But now I realize that I really do like you. Steven, I’m falling for you.” 
Her words were heartfelt. Any other man might have softened, but Steven remained unmoved. His expression was stern. 
Panic surged within Annie as she continued, “Steven, please believe me this time. I won’t ask for your help with my Silver family anymore. I just want you to think about our relationship. 
“Ending it like this would be a regret for both of us. I can swear I’ll never lie to you again. I’ll be frank with you.” 
She had never felt so humbled before. When she had pleaded with Joe to spare her Silver family, it had been out of fear. She naturally lowered her stance, hoping the Silver family 
wouldn’t suffer. 
However, her panic now was entirely different. She was terrified of losing Steven, who, unbeknownst to her, she had genuinely fallen for. 
“Annie, there’s no need for this,” Steven said. He walked to the door and opened it. 
Tears streamed down Annie’s face as she looked at him. She was stunned. “Are you really that disappointed in me? Steven, do you really not care about me anymore?” 
Steven’s eyes flickered slightly. “Time will heal everything. Go back and face what you need to with your family. Even if what you said this afternoon was true, I don’t have the power to change Joe’s decision. You sought help from the wrong person from the start.” 
“You promised me this afternoon. You said we would face it together and you would find a way to help me. You seemed confident that you could get Skylar to talk to Joe,” Annie said. She stared intently at Steven, seeking an answer. 
“No, what I promised was to face everything together with you. Regardless of what happens to your family, I wouldn’t abandon you like others might. If you’ve made mistakes, you need to face the consequences of your actions,” Steven declared firmly. 
Annie felt a deep sense of loss. She gave a self–deprecating smirk. She knew there was nothing she could say to change Steven’s mind 
212 
Her footsteps were even heavier than when she arrived. She walked outside one step at a 
time. 
An hour later, Annie returned home. Sabrina and Grayson were surprised to see her. “You didn’t stay at his place?” 
“What did he say? Didn’t he ask Skylar to intercede on our behalf? Didn’t you say he was a young talent with unlimited potential? Can’t he even handle something as simple as asking for a favor for
his sister?” 
Seeing Annie’s distraught expression, Sabrina’s suspicions were confirmed. Immediately, she began to scold. 
Annie sat down. Her voice was weak as she said, “Get ready. Our family is done for. Steven and I have broken up.” 
“What?” 
It was three days later. 
Skylar had just finished breakfast and was prepared to leave for work. 
As she stepped out, she glanced at Joe’s slippers by the door. They showed no sign of having been moved. 
###chapter554
That night, after Joe got out of the car, he never returned to Galaxy Villa. 
It had been three days since there had been news from him. Skylar’s eyes flickered with a hint of emotion, but she quickly and subtly averted her gaze. 
Perhaps maintaining their three–year marriage with this distance was for the best. 
Somewhere deep inside, a faint voice reminded her that she was being emotional. It seemed like she was avoiding something. 
She tried to downplay it and avoid overthinking it. With so many tasks lined up for the next few days, she would be busy from morning until night and sometimes even working late. 
She decided to set those concerns aside and deal with them later once her schedule cleared up. 
After the meeting ended at Martin Group, Paul brought over a few documents that needed signing. 
For the past three days, Paul had been by Joe’s side. He felt as if he were on a battlefield Joe had seemed in a good mood at the hotel that day. The matter of the Silver family’s drugging had already been handled. The Silver family would soon pay for their actions. 
Paul had only recently learned that Joe hadn’t returned to Galaxy Villa and had been staying elsewhere. 
When he asked Lucas, Lucas remained tight–lipped. It looked like there was trouble between Joe and Skylar. 
Joe finished signing a few documents. Joe called him back as Paul was about to leave with the document. 
“Wait a moment.” 
Paul’s heart skipped a beat as he looked at Joe with an ingratiating smile. “Is there anything else you need, Mr. Martin?” 
“Has Skylar asked you about my whereabouts?” Joe’s tone was dark and intense. 
Paul dared to glance briefly before quickly averting his gaze. He answered honestly, “No, she hasn’t.” 
As soon as the words left his mouth, Paul realized he might have said something wrong. Joe’s expression grew noticeably colder and more severe. 
“Get out.” With a sharp command, Paul hurried out as if fleeing from a disaster. 
“Oh my god!” Paul sighed inwardly. He felt like he had just escaped from hell. 
As the door slammed shut, Joe threw the pen he had been holding. His lips curled with icy words. “Skylar, you really are something.” 
What a schemer! 
After escaping from Joe’s office, Paul hid in the break room. 
He made himself a cappuccino. He held the cup and thoughtfully contemplated. 
Suddenly, he had a brilliant idea. He quickly sent a message to Skylar. 
“Mrs. Martin, the custom traditional dress Mr. Martin ordered for you will be ready this afternoon. Please try it on and check if any adjustments are needed. I must say, Mr. Martin is truly thoughtful.” 
Paul knew that Skylar would be very busy once she started her work, so she might not respond immediately. 
However, Paul was confident she would reply when she found time. He was so clever. He’d planned to take Joe to inspect a project near the traditional dress shop that afternoon. 
When they met, it would be… 
When they met, things would get interesting… 
He smirked to himself. 
###chapter555
The scene was explosive and intense. 
On set, Austin completed a dangerous explosion scene in one take. Many in the industry fear the risks and injuries involved, so they often opt for stunt doubles. 
But Austin rarely used a stunt double and tackled the dangerous scenes himself. 
This was Natalie’s first time witnessing such a perilous stunt up close. She stood by and held her breath, and her heart pounded uncontrollably. 
The scenes were terrifying. Seeing it in person was even more shocking. 
After the director called cut, Natalie immediately rushed over to Austin. With concern, she 
asked, “Did you get hurt?” 
The special effects makeup made it hard to tell if he was bleeding or injured. Austin smiled reassuringly. “I’m fine, no injuries. Don’t worry.” 
Hank approached with a serious expression. “Did you injure your leg? Let’s get you to the 
car and check it out.” 
Hank had known Austin for many years and had been together almost daily. Hence, he could spot an injury instantly, while others might fail to notice. 
Austin glanced at Hank with a wry smile. He was surprised that Hank could notice it at first glance. 
Then, he glanced at Natalie, whose face had gone pale. “It’s probably just a scraped knee! A bit of iodine for disinfecting will do.” 
“Should we go to the hospital? The scene is over, and there’s no more filming today until the afternoon. We have time,” Natalie said quickly. 
As a woman, she couldn’t assist Austin in the car, and she still didn’t know the full extent of his injury. 
Natalie was deeply concerned about Austin’s injury as an assistant and a fan. 
“It’s not that serious, don’t worry,” Austin said in his gentlest tone. 
It was hard to tell from his expression that he was injured. Natalie nodded in relief. 
Hank noticed Natalie’s worried glance and then boarded the car. Austin followed closely behind. 
Natalie noticed that Austin seemed to favor his left leg when he got into the car. It looked like the injury was on his right leg. 
Inside the car, Hank examined Austin’s bloodied knee with a grim expression. “You injured this badly and still saying you’re fine? Austin, what’s going on with you and Natalie?” 
Hank was no stranger to seeing this level of injury. 
The first aid kit in the car was professional–grade. 
Hank had learned from medical professionals how to handle such wounds. He treated Austin quickly and efficiently. 
However, it must have been quite painful as Austin’s brow furrowed in discomfort. 
“She’s going through a divorce with Jeremy. Even if I had feelings for her, it would be after she’s officially divorced,” Austin‘ explained. 
Hank’s hands paused, his face filled with shock. He finally blurted out, “Damn it! I knew my instincts were right. She never mentioned a divorce. How did you find out?” 
“She’s been different these past few days. She hasn’t been in touch with Jeremy and hasn’t returned to the Hughes Residence. Instead, she’s staying in an apartment. It’s obvious what’s happening,” Austin said. He knew Natalie’s situation well. 
Hank grimaced. “You’re asking for trouble. So many female celebrities are in the industry, yet you are interested in Natalie. It’s like you’re competing with Jeremy for her. 
“I don’t think her divorce will be smooth. Even though Jeremy was in the car that day, I could see his possessiveness. He won’t let go easily.” 
For over a decade, everything had been smooth sailing. But now, out of the blue, this previously easygoing man had become a major headache. This rebellion was nothing short of a disaster. 
Austin’s eyes darkened, and he remained silent. 
Meanwhile, Natalie stood outside the car. She glanced at the time. 20 minutes had passed, and Austin and Hank still hadn’t come out. This indicated Austin’s injury was likely serious. 
Just then, she noticed a familiar figure standing not far away. She stared expressionlessly at the person standing not far away. The sense of humiliation she had deliberately ignored in recent days came rushing back. 
Natalie raised her voice slightly toward the car. She said, “Mr. Powell, I need to take a half- hour break for some personal matters.” 
After a brief pause, Austin’s voice came from inside the car. He granted permission, saying, “Okay.” 
With Austin’s approval, Natalie walked toward the figure. 
###chapter556
Annabelle maintained her smile as Natalie approached. However, the jealousy in her heart grew like wild, unchecked grass. It kept spreading uncontrollably, taking over her emotions. 
Jeremy had been indifferent toward her, while Natalie remained unaffected. She continued her life as if nothing had happened. 
However, Annabelle felt trapped in Jipsburg, like a lifeless shell. It wasn’t supposed to end like this. 
“I mentioned at the hospital that I didn’t want to see you again. Clearly, you didn’t take my words seriously,” Natalie said expressionlessly. 
Every encounter with Annabelle brought a sharp pang to Natalie’s heart. Jeremy’s betrayal was like a sword piercing her heart, making it hard for her to breathe. 
Annabelle smiled still. “There’s no need for such hostility. You should thank me. If it weren’t for me, how would you have discovered Mr. Hughes‘ infidelity? You might have been deceived for longer.” 
She convinced herself that she had done a good deed. 
Even though Annabelle hadn’t taken the initiative to seduce Jeremy, with Jeremy’s status, there would have been many others to seduce him. Just because he wasn’t cheating now didn’t mean he wouldn’t in the future. 
These words seemed quite reasonable. Natalie suddenly felt that some people’s values could be genuinely eye–opening. If she didn’t firmly believe that her values were correct she might now doubt herself and think that her values were wrong. 
Natalie thought the notion disgusting. 
“So, did Jeremy not give you what you wanted?” Natalie sneered. 
Annabelle’s smile stiffened on her face. “Isn’t it because you haven’t divorced him yet? Natalie, I don’t understand. Even though you know he’s no longer interested in you and doesn’t love you, why are you still pretending nothing happened? 
“Why aren’t you divorcing him? Clinging to a marriage that’s already fallen apart–can that really make you happy?” 
Natalie pressed her lips together and clenched her fits. 
Indeed, she understood very well. She was clear on everything. Jeremy had betrayed their 
love, and their relationship was filled with lies. 
It was clear he didn’t love her anymore. However, it wasn’t up to a mistress like Annabelle to flaunt this in front of her. 
“Annabelle, do you believe I would call Jeremy right now and tell him I’m not getting a 
divorce? Do you think he would come rushing over immediately? 
212 
“And if I told him to deal with you, do you think he would make sure you never get another chance to come near me? You’d better apologize now, or I can easily make your life miserable.” Natalie’s voice was harsh. 
She wasn’t one to issue threats lightly, but Annabelle had a talent for pushing her to the edge. After all, Annabelle’s shamelessness came first, and her retaliation came after. 
Annabelle brought it upon herself. 
Annabelle’s face turned pale. “You! You think Mr. Hughes would deal with me just because of you?” 
“Wouldn’t he? You’re just a passing interest for him. If you were important, why would he let your pregnancy be terminated? Just because you’re foolish doesn’t mean I am,” Natalie said. Her tone was icy. 
With that, she dialed Jeremy’s number. During this period, she avoided direct contact with him. She relied solely on Truman to relay her messages. 
Even when Jeremy called her, she refused to answer. Yet today, it was almost ironic that she was calling him because of his mistress. 
The phone barely rang three times before Jeremy answered, his voice urgent. “Natalie!” 
Hearing him call her name felt like a distant memory. 
Before the incident, she had a certain illusion every time he called her like that. Natalie felt as though she was his entire world and that there was only her in his heart, and it seemed as if it would always be that way. 
Such belief felt so vivid and beautiful, but now it was only a fleeting moment of confusion. 
X 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
Claim 
###chapter557
Natalie glared coldly at Annabelle and said, “Take care of your mistress. If she shows up in front of me again, I won’t hesitate to let my parents know about our situation. If you’re not disgusted, I certainly am.” 
Upon hearing this, Annabelle’s face turned pale. “Who did you call?” 
At the same time, Jeremy’s voice came through the phone. He questioned, “Annabelle went to see you?” 
Natalie’s face turned pale as she heard their simultaneous inquiries. She forced a self- deprecating smile and replied, “You two make quite the pair. I wish you both happiness. Just sign the divorce agreement quickly–it’s better for both of us.‘ 
With that, Natalie hung up the phone. 
Annabelle was panicked. She shouted, “How could you call Mr. Hughes? You!” 
Natalie glanced at her phone. She felt a heavy weight in her chest. Looking up at Annabelle, she snapped, “Get out! Go find Jeremy. Don’t come back to me. You’re making me sick.” 
Annabelle stood frozen. Her face turned pale, and her eyes filled with hatred and fear. “You! 
When Annabelle came to find her, she hadn’t anticipated Natalie’s attitude would be so stubborn and unaffected. Furthermore, she had managed to involve Jeremy in the situation. Annabelle wondered what Jeremy would do next. She suddenly realized that if Natalie could marry Jeremy, she couldn’t be as na?ve as she appeared. 
Annabelle hadn’t had a chance to prevent what had just happened. 
“Remember what I just said.” Before leaving, Natalie threw one last remark at Annabelle. 
Annabelle stood frozen, her body rigid with fear. Her phone kept ringing in her bag. 
Jeremy was calling her. 
A wave of intense dread surged through her. She couldn’t bring herself to answer. 
Annabelle cursed Natalie. 
Meanwhile, Natalie returned to the car. She was a bit distracted and only realized when she reached the car that Austin and Hank had already gotten out. 
She asked somewhat belatedly, “Are you sure you don’t need to go to the hospital?” 
6 
Hank narrowed his eyes at the distant Annabelle. “Was that person bothering you? Who is she?” 
Hank had asked deliberately. They had gotten out of the car two minutes earlier. Austin had mentioned that the woman was Jeremy’s mistress. 
If the mistress had shown up, it was clearly meant to intimidate Natalie. 
Hank had almost been tempted to charge over there himself. 
As Austin’s celebrity agent, Hank couldn’t afford to make his presence too known. It might cause trouble for Austin. 
Austin’s eyes darkened slightly as he glanced in Annabelle’s direction. He then turned to Natalie with a gentle voice. “I’m fine. Did she cause you trouble?” 
Natalie’s eyes reddened at the two men’s concern. She forced a smile and shook her head. “Of course not. I’m not so easily bullied.” 
Annabelle’s appearance reopened the painful memories she had been trying so hard to forget. The call she made to Jeremy only added more pain to her already raw emotions. The fresh hurt was becoming almost too much to bear. 
“It’s good if she didn’t trouble you. If she does, let me know,” Austin said softly. 
“Yes! If I’m ever troubled, I’ll let you know,” Natalie said, her eyes still moist as she fought back her tears. 
It wasn’t a big deal. 
Austin cast a subtle glance at the fleeing Annabelle; his disdain was evident. He had little respect for Jeremy. 
###chapter558
Skylar was taking her lunch break when she saw the message from Paul. She had just finished a small portion of her latest painting restoration. 
Caleb had gone abroad for the past two days, so he hadn’t come to work–some small tasks needed to be completed by her. 
She had planned to eat a sandwich quickly for lunch to save time and then get back to work. After a few bites, she casually checked her phone and saw the message. 
She was surprised that Joe ordered a custom traditional dress for her. However, he hadn’t mentioned anything to her. 
Skylar immediately called Paul. Paul answered quickly, “Hello, Mrs. Martin. Are you on your lunch break?” 
“Yes, I’m just taking a quick break. Why did Mr. Martin suddenly order a custom traditional dress for me?” Skylar asked. 
Paul replied, “I’m not entirely sure. Perhaps it’s because traditional dresses have become quite popular among the girls in Jipsburg lately. It’s part of the retro craze. So, Mr. Martin must have thought of you. I must say, Mr. Martin is really thoughtful when it comes to you. 
“I’ll send you the address. It would be best if you could get there before 4:00 pm. The tailor is very experienced, and finishes work early, and many people are waiting in line for him to make their traditional dresses.” 
“Alright, send me the address. I’ll try to be there before 4:00 pm.” Skylar glanced at the time. It was noon. She should have enough time. 
After finishing her sandwich, she immediately got back to work. 
“By the way, Mr. Martin has been quite busy these past few days, so he hasn’t returned to Galaxy Villa,” Paul mentioned hurriedly as Skylar was about to hang up. 
Skylar’s concern prompted her to tell Paul, “Make sure he takes care of himself.” 
“Certainly!” Paul replied enthusiastically. As soon as the call ended, Paul hurried upstairs to Joe’s office. 
Joe had only had a cup of coffee for lunch. He skipped the meal entirely. 
Paul noticed the steaming coffee on the table He wondered why Joe had returned to his old habit of skipping meals. Previously, Joe’s lunches had been well–balanced and hearty. In the past, it didn’t seem unusual. Paul thought it was normal for Joe to eat this way. But now, he felt that Joe only drinking coffee and skipping meals was really unhealthy. 
“Mrs. Martin mentioned during the call that you should be mindful of your health. Skipping lunch and just drinking coffee isn’t good for you. Should I order some takeout for you?” 
Paul asked cautiously. 
Joe’s attention sharpened when he heard the words “Mrs. Martin“. He glanced at Paul and asked, “Skylar said that?” 
“Yes, Mrs. Martin asked you to take care of yourself.” Paul nodded eagerly. The specifics of who made the call were less important than the fact that Skylar had expressed concern. 
Joe’s stern expression softened slightly. “She’s considerate. Go ahead and order some takeout based on my usual preferences.” 
“Understood.” Paul swiftly left to place the takeout order. He realized that Skylar could effortlessly handle what others struggled to achieve. He merely passed on a message, and she got Joe to have lunch. 
As the office door closed, Joe tapped his fingers on the phone screen on his desk. Over the past three days, Skylar had not contacted him at all. 
They said men turned cold and forgetful once they got out of bed. But in his eyes, the heartless one over the past three days had been Skylar. 
“Unfeeling,” Joe muttered to himself. 
He might have forgiven her if she had sent even a single message during those three days. 
However, for now, he would accept her apology through Paul and try to forgive her. 
… 
Annabelle felt anxious. She got back into her car and called Jeremy. 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>> 
###chapter559
Annabelle said, “Mr. Hughes, I’m truly sorry. I tried to explain things to Mrs. Hughes and clarify that I have no relationship with you. I didn’t expect her to misunderstand. It’s my fault.” 
She tried to justify herself as the call connected 
Thankfully, she was alone in the car. 
Her hand holding the phone trembled uncontrollably. 
Jeremy stood by the floor–to–ceiling–windows of the Hughes Group’s building. He gazed outside with no hint of emotion in his eyes; only a chilling coldness emanated from him. 
“Annabelle, you’re asking for trouble.” 
“Mr. Hughes! I genuinely tried to help. I was just passing by and saw a movie being filmed. I saw Mrs. Hughes and thought I should explain,” Annabelle stammered. She frantically tried to explain herself. 
Jeremy exhaled a puff of smoke. Then, he said, “Leave Jipsburg immediately.” 
“I…” 
“Did you think I haven’t investigated you? If you continue to manipulate things, your stepfather will be here tomorrow to deal with you.” Jeremy’s voice was cold and final. 
The seemingly ordinary words caused Annabelle’s face to go pale with shock. 
“You… You investigated me?” Annabelle stammered. She realized he already knew about her past. 
{ 
The mention of Mason meant he was aware of her cosmetic surgery and the abuse she had suffered. 
“You only have tonight.” Jeremy’s tone sounded very cold. 
Annabelle was on the brink of collapse. “I’ve been with you for so long. Isn’t it too heartless for you to be this cruel? If you’ve investigated my past, you should know I’m the victim here. I’ve been mistreated. 
“That doesn’t change my feelings for you, Mr. Hughes. Why are you so indifferent and biased? You’re indifferent to me, yet you greatly favor Mrs. Hughes. She’s already planning to divorce you. Why do you still favor her so much? I don’t understand.” 
After all her efforts, it felt like a complete waste. She couldn’t accept it. 
What she struggled to achieve, Natalie seemed to obtain effortlessly. 
Annabelle had done everything she could to please him in bed. Yet, she was only met with a cold rejection as soon as he got out of bed. 
She couldn’t understand or accept it and was unwilling to give up. 
“You’re not worthy compared to Natalie,” Jeremy said coldly before hanging up the phone. 
He then turned to Tristan and instructed, “Keep an eye on Annabelle. Make sure she leaves Jipsburg before tomorrow morning. Go to her home now and collect anything related to scents and that painting hanging on the wall.” 
After the past few days of reflection, the memory of that peculiar scent in the hotel kept invading his mind. 
The scent had briefly made him lose control. When he first became involved with Annabelle, her allure drew him in. However, Jeremy had suspected that Annabelle might have used some kind of drug or substance–to–manipulate his emotions. 
Once Tristan left, Jeremy returned to his desk and opened a drawer filled with several keys. There were several keys in the drawer. Jeremy picked out one. This key could unlock the apartment where Natalie currently lived. 
It was also a spare key she had previously left with him. 
Since Natalie was avoiding him, he took the initiative to see her. Their issues needed resolution, and he was determined that she could only be his wife. 
Skylar went to the traditional dress shop according to the address Paul had sent her. 
Inside, there was only one shop assistant, Ralph Marrow, and a grandfatherly figure in his 60s. 
“Are you the young lady Mr. Ziegler mentioned?” the elderly man, Terence Jimenez, asked with a warm smile. 
###chapter560
Skylar nodded with a smile. “Yes, that’s me.” 
“The traditional dress was finished just yesterday. Mr. Ziegler gave us the measurements, so please try it on and let us know if it fits,” Terence said with a warm smile. 
When Skylar heard that the measurements were from Paul, she realized they must have come from Joe. But she had never told Joe her measurements. Skylar wondered how he 
knew. 
She suddenly recalled the way Joe had lightly touched her before. 
As she carried the traditional dress into the fitting room, her cheeks couldn’t help but flush. 
Meanwhile, Joe was inspecting a project for his company nearby. Though the project was minor, and he usually wouldn’t be involved in checking the progress, he made an exception 
this time. 
However, Paul had mentioned that the traditional dress was ready, and Joe decided to visit. 
Perhaps Skylar’s proactive effort to ease the tension between them today stirred his heart when he heard the word “traditional dress“. He could almost picture Skylar wearing the 
traditional dress. 
His heart warmed slightly at the thought. It was a subtle, barely perceptible flutter. 
A few minutes ago, Paul had already received a message on WhatsApp from Ralph. He informed him that Skylar had arrived and was trying on the traditional dress. 
He immediately told Joe, “Mr. Martin, let’s look at the traditional dress. Mr. Marrow just told me they’ll be closing soon.” 
“Alright,” Joe agreed. 
When they entered the shop, Joe immediately sat on the couch. 
When Terence saw Paul, he looked surprised and wondered why he was there. 
“Is Mr. Ziegler here for your mother’s traditional dress?” Terence asked. 
Paul nodded with a smile. “Yes, I’m here to pick up a traditional dress for my mother. She hasn’t been feeling well lately, so I’ll take it home for her to try on and see if it fits.” 
Terence nodded, then kindly added, “I’ll go get it. By the way, Ms. Sullivan is here as well and is currently trying on the traditional dress.” 
Terence assumed Skylar was Paul’s girlfriend. He knew Paul, but… 
Terence glanced at Joe, who was sitting on the couch and had just nodded at him. He wondered why a high–profile CEO would accompany his assistant to pick up a traditional dress. 
At that moment, Skylar emerged from the fitting room. She didn’t notice Joe sitting on the couch or see Paul. Her attention was focused entirely on the traditional dress. 
This was her first time wearing such a traditional dress, and she was surprised at how well it fit. It showcased her curves perfectly. 
She was aware of her good figure, but the traditional dress made it look even better than she had expected. Standing in front of the mirror, she murmured, “It fits perfectly. There don’t seem to be any adjustments needed.” 
The perfect fit of the dress highlighted Joe’s understanding of her figure. She thought, “Is his hand like a measuring tape? So precise?” 
As she pondered this, a familiar male voice broke her thoughts. “You look great in that dress.” 
Skylar turned around. She was surprised to see Joe standing behind her. “You…” 
She thought, “What is he doing here?” 
Out of the corner of her eye, Skylar also noticed Paul, who was holding another traditional dress. 
After three days apart, Skylar felt flustered and unprepared upon seeing Joe. 
Joe noticed Skylar’s surprised and uncertain expression, and Joe felt the gloom that had been lingering in his heart vanish instantly. A subtle smile appeared on his lips. 
“Go change,” Joe said with a touch of possessiveness. He thought she looked too tempting in that dress. 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
###chapter561
Even though Paul wouldn’t dare look at Skylar and Terence was elderly, Joe still didn’t want anyone to see her dressed like this. He intended for Skylar to show it to him privately at 
home. 
Skylar was still dazed but nodded nonetheless. “Okay.” 
As she went to the fitting room to change out of the traditional dress, she suddenly realized that Joe was no longer upset. 
That night, he exuded a cold and intimidating demeanor when he got out of the car and left. 
When Skylar emerged from the fitting room, Joe took her hand. Then, he grabbed the traditional dress from her and didn’t bother to let Ralph bag it. 
He turned to Paul and said, “Skylar and I are heading out first.” 
Paul nodded in agreement. Terence and Ralph were slow to catch on. They only then realized that this young lady was Joe’s girlfriend. 
Seeing that Terence and Ralph were still in shock, Paul smiled and said, “Let me settle the remaining balance.” 
When Joe saw Skylar walking out of the fitting room, his eyes widened in astonishment 
Skylar’s figure was truly stunning. 
No wonder Joe couldn’t resist and immediately pulled her away. Whatever conflicts they had before were now forgotten. 
Joe gave him a raise, which was well deserved. Just look at how smoothly he managed their encounter today, leaving no trace behind. 
Back in the car, Joe took the passenger seat. 
Every time Joe sat in her car, Skylar’s car seemed even smaller and narrower. His long legs. seemed to have nowhere to go. 
“You…” 
Just as Skylar was about to speak, Joe suddenly cupped her face. He pulled her toward him and planted a kiss on her that left her speechless. 
It was intense and commanding. 
The kiss was urgent and prolonged. 
Skylar’s heart raced. 
Faintly, there was a sense of illusion. She wondered if Joe had truly developed feelings for 
her. Otherwise, the kiss seemed to carry a touch of genuine emotion. 
212 
When Joe finally pulled away, he looked at Skylar’s flushed cheeks and slightly swollen lips. His fingers gently combed through her soft hair. 
“Put on the traditional dress for me when we get home,” he said with a possessive tone. 
Joe would have taken things further with her if they weren’t in the city but a secluded spot in the woods. 
Skylar couldn’t find a word to say and asked, “You’re going home too?” 
Joe’s hand paused briefly. He raised his eyebrows slightly and said, “Where else would I go if not home? I can pretend I never heard what you said before. Just don’t bring it up again.” 
He was committed to spending his life with her and wasn’t considering divorce. Any concerns she had, he could handle. 
Skylar was stunned. The fluttering in her heart made her acutely aware of her feelings. She looked down at the steering wheel in her hands and finally asked, “Do you like me?” 
Joe was momentarily taken aback. He glanced at her lowered eyes, noticing the fluttering of her long lashes. 
“We don’t talk about these things,” Joe said. His voice was low and serious. 
Joe wondered if he had developed feelings for Skylar. He questioned himself once again. He had never experienced romantic love between a man and a woman before, and he didn’t really know what it meant to love someone. 
Skylar tightened her grip on the steering wheel and said softly, “Can we talk about it?” 
Joe raised an eyebrow. “Talk about what?” 
Instead of discussing it, Joe thought they should hurry home. Her image in the traditional dress was still vivid in his mind. She was so alluring. It almost made him feel like he was losing his composure. 
Skylar’s heart sank as she heard Joe’s casual response. She took a deep breath and said, ” What I said last time was sincere. Although it was a sudden decision, after reflecting over the past few days, I believe we’re not suitable for each other. 
“Life is long and full of unexpected events. Even two people in love might not stay together for a lifetime. So, let’s just fulfill our three–year agreement.” 
###chapter562
Natalie didn’t notice the person following her. After the elevator doors closed, she watched as it ascended. 
Soon, she reached her apartment door and was about to unlock it when her phone rang. It was Austin calling her. 
“Hello, Mr. Powell,” Natalie answered cheerfully. 
Austin’s concerned voice came through the line. “Are you home yet?” 
Natalie smiled and replied, “I just got home. My complex has security guards, so don’t worry about my safety, Mr. Powell.” 
She was joking, but Austin was truly someone who could make people feel warm and cared for anytime, anywhere. Even though he was injured, he insisted on driving her home and was now calling to check on her. 
His warmth and kindness always comforted her. This was the kind of idol she had admired for years. 
Austin chuckled softly. “That’s good. Get some rest.” 
“I will, Mr. Powell,” Natalie responded promptly. 
Even as she ended the call, she could still hear Austin’s laughter. 
It had been such a joyous day with everyone together. It was rare to experience this kind of atmosphere since graduation. 
As she stepped into her apartment and was about to close the door, a shadowy figure grabbed it. The person seemed to prevent the door from shutting. 
Natalie froze in fear. She was ready to scream for help from her 
neighbors. 
Most people should be home at this hour. 
“It’s me.” That voice made Natalie’s expression darkened, and her smile vanished instantly. 
She slowly looked up to see Jeremy standing there. 
“What are you doing here?” Natalie asked coldly. 
Natalie gripped the door handle stubbornly. She didn’t want him to 
come in. 
Whenever she saw him, her heart, which she thought was strong, would instantly be filled with pain. It felt like it was falling apart. 
A chill ran through her. 
Jeremy glanced at her hand clutching the door handle. He realized she truly didn’t want him to enter. 
This apartment was once filled with memories of their love. He still had a key to this place. 
“Nath, let me in. We need to talk,” Jeremy said. He tried to calm the intense emotions he had just experienced. 
Seeing her just after she had parted ways with Austin stirred something in Jeremy. Her phone call with Austin right before she stepped into the home intensified his feelings. 
He felt an uncontrollable urge to take her away and keep her from seeing anyone else. This impulse was almost overwhelming. 
i 
“I don’t think there’s anything left to discuss between us. I’ve already said what I needed to say before, and I’ve handed over the 
divorce proceedings to the lawyer. If you want to talk about 
Annabelle coming to see me today, I’ve already clarified that on the phone. 
“Tell Annabelle not to worry. I’m definitely not an obstacle between 
you two. Even if you weren’t coming to see me because of Annabelle but because of another woman, I wouldn’t hold it against you. I’m very generous. I’ll still wish you well out of respect for the fact that I once treated you like family,” Natalie said. 
Natalie was influenced by the alcohol. She said a lot more than 
she intended. 
She was struggling and feeling deeply wronged. It was hard to believe that Jeremy was still bullying her this way, and she wondered if she appeared so easy to bully. 
Jeremy’s forehead twitched with frustration. “There won’t be any more Annabelle or other women around me. My wife will only ever be you, and you alone. Nath, there are some things we can clarify with Skylar. I didn’t intentionally cheat.” 
“You didn’t intentionally cheat? Is it because Annabelle seduced you? You couldn’t resist her temptation and ended up in bed with her? Jeremy, do you really have to be so cruel? 
“I might not be the smartest, but I’m not a fool. I can tell the difference between facts and lies. Are you trying to tell me that even though you cheated physically, your emotions stayed faithful? Jeremy, you make me sick!” Natalie shouted. 
Her eyes reddened with anger. 
Jeremy’s face tightened. His muscles were tense. “Natalie, calm down. I don’t deny that I had an affair with Annabelle, but this situation was a setup.” 
###chapter563
Natalie retorted coldly, “You blame it on drunkenness? Is that your reason for not wanting a divorce? Jeremy, no matter your excuse, you’re tainted in my eyes. Tainted, do you understand?” 
Jeremy felt a sharp pain in his chest. His face turned pale. “Natalie, you drank too much. You’re not thinking clearly.” 
“No, I did drink, but I’m not drunk. I’m clearer than I’ve ever been. Jeremy, from the day you cheated, we were done. Completely done. 
Natalie’s face was also pale. 
Each word she spoke cut into Jeremy and herself as well. 
Jeremy’s lips tightened, his presence growing colder. “We’ll talk when you’re sober. Get some rest. 
With those words, he walked out. He gently closed the door behind 
him. 
The moment the door shut, tears streamed down Natalie’s 
reddened eyes. She crouched down, and her head buried in her knees. She cried silently. 
She hated Jeremy. She hated him deeply. 
All the happiness they once had was shattered. The love she had always been so proud of now seemed like a cruel joke. 
And now Jeremy had the nerve to stand before her and make excuses. He claimed that it wasn’t what she thought, that it was just a physical betrayal. He even suggested it might have been a drunken mistake. 
Natalie wondered if he even understood what he was saying. 
Drunkenness didn’t absolve him from cheating. Just because he couldn’t resist temptation didn’t mean it wasn’t his fault. 
When Rowan arrived at Mystic Bar with his friends and spotted. Joe drinking alone, he finally confirmed he wasn’t being tricked. 
“Damn it! It really is Joe. Doesn’t he rarely come to places like this? 
someone asked Rowan. 
Rowan raised an eyebrow. “You said he rarely came here, not that he has never been here before.” 
For Joe, this place was indeed too noisy. 
Though Joe was drinking alone, several women nearby attempted to approach him and initiate conversations. Anyone with eyes could tell Joe wasn’t an ordinary man. 
However, it was clear Joe wasn’t here to have fun. He looked like he was trying to drown his sorrows. 
Rowan walked over briskly and sat beside Joe. “What made you come to a bar?” 
“To drink,” Joe replied. He handed Rowan a bottle. 
Rowan looked at the offered bottle and couldn’t help but twitch his lips. “You’re just drinking like this? Didn’t you ask me to bring people?” 
He had brought both men and women. The men looked uneasy when they saw Joe, while the women blushed, and their hearts skipped a beat. 
This was Joe Martin, someone they had never dreamed of meeting before. 
Chapte: 563 
If one of them could catch Joe’s eye, their status at home would surely rise. 
Rowan knew what these women were thinking and didn’t stop them. Joe wasn’t as resistant to people getting close to him as he 
used to be. 
Felicia Ingram sat next to him. She had a delicate, almost angelic appearance. She maintained just the right amount of distance. without encroaching too much. 
“Mr. Martin, we’ve actually met twice before. The last time was just a few days ago at a charity gala,” Felicia said softly. Her voice was gentle and pleasant. 
She even looked a bit like Skylar. 
###chapter564
Rowan was curious to know if Joe truly had feelings for Skylar. Hence, he stayed silent. He took turns with his friends and 
continued to drink with Joe. 
Joe glanced at Felicia. His eyes lingered for a moment. 
Felicia’s heart skipped a beat. Previously, Joe always had a cold, aloof demeanor when she saw him. 
Many people wanted to get close to him but were too intimidated. The most common thing people heard about him in Jipsburg was how ruthless he could be. 
Many women admired him, but he never paid them any attention. 
Tonight, Joe was looking at her. 
“Have we met before?” Joe’s voice carried a hint of coldness, though it was not unusual for him. 
Felicia was taken aback but tried to remain composed. “Yes, but there were so many people, and I didn’t dare approach you. So, your probably don’t remember.” 
The other women nearby noticed Joe speaking to Felicia and felt jealous. 
Felicia noticed their envy but didn’t care. In Jipsburg, if she managed to form any connection with Joe or if luck was on her side and she got to marry him, every socialite would envy her. 
Joe raised an eyebrow: This woman did resemble Skylar to some 
extent. 
But there was a significant difference. Skylar, that heartless 
woman, could act as if she never saw him, even when she did. 
It wasn’t that she was too intimidated to speak to him. She simply had no desire to engage. 
Many women wanted to get close to him. With just a nod, he could have had countless women eager to spend their lives with him. Yet, Skylar turned him down. 
Thinking of this, Joe took another heavy gulp of his drink. 
Felicia waited for a response from Joe, but his silence made her smile falter. 
Rowan wasn’t surprised by the situation. It was actually better than he expected. He tentatively asked, “Is there something wrong?” 
With others around, he couldn’t directly ask Joe if he’d fought with Skylar. 
It certainly wasn’t about Martin Group matters. No matter how many issues the company faced, Joe wouldn’t pay much attention, and his mood would not be affected. For a workaholic like him, work– related problems were always manageable. 
“It’s nothing. Just drinking,” Joe replied tersely. Although he said. nothing was wrong, his demeanor made it clear that approaching him was intimidating. 
Rowan had picked up on some clues. Given that they had grown up together, he might as well leave if he couldn’t pick up on such 
signs. 
He didn’t press further. “Alright, let’s just drink.” 
Rowan had guessed the issue was probably related to Skylar. Skylar was really something else. 
She managed to stir Joe’s emotions, which was rare. Even more. 
3/ 
remarkable, she could affect his mood. 
Seeing that Rowan was only drinking and not asking questions, the others dared not speak up. 
However, Felicia had a sudden idea and took a discreet photo. 
She then posted it on Instagram with the caption, “Joe isn’t that intimidating.” She also added a playful tongue–out emoji. 
Coincidentally, Paul followed Felicia on Instagram. 
In Jipsburg, many tried to get close to Joe through Paul, who was known for his charm and diplomacy. Naturally, he accepted follow requests from attractive women, though they rarely interacted beyond that. 
Lying in bed before sleep, Paul scrolled through his phone as usual. At first, he thought he was seeing things. He rubbed his eyes and looked again, and his eyes widened in shock. 
“What the heck! What’s going on? Shouldn’t Mr. Martin be with Skylar right now? He seemed completely focused on her when he left the traditional dress shop. How is he possibly at a bar so close to another woman? Damn it! Is something wrong again?” 
###chapter565
A sense of foreboding stuck with Paul. He sighed. “Is tomorrow going to be hellish? What on earth did Skylar do to upset Mr. Martin? Mr. Martin is letting other women get close now.” 
Looking closely at the photo, Paul noticed that the woman resembled Skylar. “Is this a stand–in?” 
He thought this was a disaster. He wouldn’t be getting any sleep tonight. 
Back at Hughes Residence, Jeremy tried calling Joe several times, but there was no answer. Jeremy wondered if Joe was already in 
bed. 
He tossed his phone aside and examined the items on the table. They were all things he had found at Annabelle’s place. 
Jeremy had seen these items before and had questioned their presence. They didn’t fit Annabelle’s usual style, and she wouldn’t normally carry such things. 
He also found the painting unusual. It didn’t match her home decor, and she wasn’t the type to collect artwork like this. 
These items seemed out of place, almost deliberately put there for him to see. When Jeremy first saw the painting, he felt a sudden urge–having a child with Annabelle seemed intriguing. 
However, the thought quickly faded. 
Jeremy seethed with anger as he recalled the situation. It was clear that Annabelle had done this on purpose. 
“Annabelle, you’re asking for trouble!” His eyes were icy, and his voice was equally cold. 
Meanwhile, Annabelle had just returned home. Her flight for the following day was already booked. 
She confirmed with Raelyn that Mason was going to Jipsburg City. They knew she had money and demanded she give it all to them to enjoy. 
They assumed she was still young enough to earn more. 
They now knew her address. Annabelle never imagined that Jeremy would actually follow through on his threats. He truly hated her. 
Even now, she couldn’t understand. She had thought that, even if he didn’t like her, he would still hold some regard for her after all the time they had spent together. 
“Jeremy, you’re too heartless. You know my past. You should understand that I need care and affection the most. Do you have any sympathy for my plight?” 
Her desperate questions seemed to mock her at this moment. 
not 
The next moment, she returned home. She went to her room to pack and glanced at the wall. 
A painting that had been hanging there was now missing. 
Her eyes widened in alarm as she quickly searched the rest of her belongings. The items that had been in her vanity drawer were also 
gone. 
“How could this be? Jeremy, did you notice something? No, you couldn’t have noticed. It must be a thief who broke in.” 
She frantically called the airport customer service. Her hands were shaking. 
She said, “I need to change my flight. Are there any flights tonight? 
I just need to get out of Jipsbury. Any available flight will do.” 
“Sorry, all fights tonight are fully booked,” the staff replied. 
Annabelle felt a wave of despair and collapsed onto the floor. 
“Take the train. Yes, I can take the train to leave right now.” 
She had to leave before dawn, and she needed to leave 
immediately. If Jeremy discovered the truth, it would be the end of 
her. 
— 
The following day, Skylar woke up to find Joe missing While preparing breakfast, she received a phone call. 
###chapter566
It was Jeremy calling Skylar. 
Skylar didn’t answer his call right away. She wondered why Jeremy was calling her. She then thought the reason was likely related to Natalie. 
After a few seconds of hesitation, she answered, “Mr. Hughes.” 
“I know you work with Mr. Gardner Senior and have helped Mr. Doherty Senior. I need your assistance with something.” Jeremy’s voice was serious. 
Skylar suddenly realized something. “Mr. Hughes, please be direct.” 
Since Jeremy mentioned Alexander and Frank, it wasn’t about asking her to convince Natalie. Jeremy’s phone call made her remember something she had overlooked recently. 
“I have some items here that seem out of place. Should I send them over for you to see, or would you prefer I send you some photos?” Jeremy asked. 
Without hesitation, Skylar replied, “Please send me the photos first. 
Jeremy didn’t have Skylar’s WhatsApp, so he first added her 
contact. Then, he sent her the photos. 
There were seven or eight items in total. She had seen two or three of them before. 
Someone had previously asked Skylar about these items, but she had turned down those orders. One of the items was a bracelet she had seen Anabelle wearing. 
Skylar’s gaze turned serious as she immediately called Jeremy back. “These items belong to Annabelle, don’t they?” 
Though her tone was questioning, Skylar’s statement was certain. 
Jeremy didn’t hide anything. “Yes, these items belong to her.” 
Skylar was quick to explain, “You guessed correctly. These items are problematic. You can’t resist the temptation because those items could confuse your mind. 
“If 
your willpower isn’t strong enough, even the slightest wavering will lead to their influence. In other words, it’s not Annabelle as a person who is tempting you, but these items themselves,” Skylar explained. 
Jeremy’s expression changed. Thankfully, the phone call 
prevented Skylar from seeing his sudden shift in demeanor. “So, 
it’s true!” 
Annabelle was really something. She had used these peculiar 
items on him. 
“These items are designed to confuse the mind and make it easy to lose rational control. They are similar to a type of drug currently popular in Murida that causes hallucinations. But Mr. Hughes, your willpower was compromised, which is why you were influenced by these negative items,” Skylar said gravely. 
Although Jeremy felt wronged by how Annabelle had used these items to sway his will, it also highlighted something crucial. It indicated that his feelings for Natalie were not as strong as they once were during the period he was tempted. 
Skylar wanted to remind Jeremy not to place all the blame on others. It wouldn’t be fair to Natalie otherwise. 
Jeremy remained silent for a full minute before responding heavily, “I don’t intend to make excuses. I’m the one who made mistakes, but divorce is not an option. I won’t let go and will make it up to her. 
Hearing Jeremy’s firm tone, Skylar frowned. 
“Thank you for the information.” Jeremy ended the call. Then, he immediately called Tristan. “Bring Annabelle back.” 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter567
Joe had spent the night at Rowan’s place. He was momentarily disoriented when he woke up and saw that he wasn’t at Galaxy Villa. 
Rowan was standing at the door with a cup of water. “I called Paul last night and told him you’d be late to the company today. What happened to you? I’ve never seen you drink like that before. Do you treat alcohol like it’s just water?” 
Joe got out of bed. He ignored Rowan’s questions and asked coldly, “Where’s the bathroom?” 
“Over there.” 
While Joe was in the shower, Rowan ordered breakfast. By the time Joe came out, the food had already arrived. 
Joe had no appetite and headed for the door. “You eat it.” 
“I ordered a lot of food. Aren’t you going to eat a bit? There are both Wiscadian and Floan cuisines,” Rowan asked. 
“I’m not interested.” 
“By the way, Jenny just messaged me. She said she’ll be back in about a month. Where is she going to stay?” Rowan inquired. Jenny’s message gave him the impression that she wanted to stay. at Galaxy Villa. 
Although Jenny hadn’t been direct about it, she had no relatives in Jipsburg City. She used to stay at Pearlhall Residence and moved to the school’s dormitory during high school. She only came back during the winter and summer breaks. 
After nearly four years of college, she rarely returned to Jipsburg. When Jenny returned to Jipsburg for work, she would need a place to stay. 
Joe glanced at Rowan as he reached the door. “Since she’s an adult now, she can live on her own. I gave her a house when she turned 18. It should be sufficient for her future needs.” 
He had fulfilled all the promises he made to Jenny’s mother. 
Upon hearing Joe’s words, Rowan was momentarily stunned. “Are you going to leave her on her own out there? Isn’t it too unsafe for a young woman to live alone? I remember Galaxy Villa being. spacious and having many rooms. She could stay there.” 
Joe’s eyes darkened. 
Rowan quickly realized his mistake. “I was just suggesting. I overstepped.” 
“Galaxy Villa is my marital home with Skylar. Do you think there’s space for a third person in our home?” Joe’s voice was cold as he retorted. 
Rowan’s expression changed. 
As the door closed, Rowan muttered a curse. 
“Skylar is now more important to Joe than Jenny. It’s clear now that Jenny is merely a promise to him. It’s a pity for Jenny. She still doesn’t realize and is determined to get involved with Joe.” Rowan. frowned deeply. 
A few minutes later, Jenny called. 
“You mentioned Joe was staying at your place. I didn’t think much of it then, but shouldn’t he be at Galaxy Villa? Why was he drinking 
so much? Are other girls still allowed to get close to him? Has something happened between him and Skylar?” 
m 
Jenny had asked several questions, and Rowan wasn’t sure which one to answer first. 
“I’m not clear on what’s happening between Joe and Skylar. The woman who was with him yesterday is just a friend of mine. Jenny, suggest you let go of those thoughts. You and Joe are not meant to be,” Rowan advised kindly. 
Jenny remained silent for a moment. “Some things can’t be ignored just because you say so. You should understand how I feel about him.” 
She still couldn’t understand why Joe had married Skylar. She wondered what it was about Skylar that Joe liked if it was just her looks and figure. 
Rowan was speechless. He replied, “Being obsessed isn’t good. When you were 18, Joe gave you a house, right? You could give me the key and send me your preferred style. I can renovate it so you can move in when you return.” 
“I… I don’t want to live there. There must be enough room for me at Galaxy Villa, right?” Jenny’s voice was slightly subdued. 
“I just tested Joe, and he said he had gifted you a house. However, Galaxy Villa is only for him and Skylar. There’s no room for a third person. I think Joe is aware of your feelings. You should really consider this carefully,” Rowan continued to advise. 
###chapter568
Rowan was only this patient when dealing with Jenny. Although he couldn’t see Jenny and could only hear her voice on the phone, he could imagine how heartbroken she must be. 
She was a woman who could effortlessly elicit sympathy from others. 
“He sees you only as a sister,” Rowan clarified further. 
Jenny’s voice seemed to crack with tears. “Did he really say that? Did he really say there’s no room for a third person at Galaxy Villa?” 
When she decided to return to Jipsburg City, she had planned to live with Joe. She wanted to see him daily and understand how het felt about Skylar. 
She wondered if Joe only married Skylar to make Gloria happy, not because he genuinely liked her. 
But now, Joe had outright rejected her. It proved he cared more about Skylar. 
“Yes,” Rowan confirmed. 
Jenny burst into tears. “Rowan, is Skylar really that amazing? Is she worth him hurting me just to protect her? He doesn’t want me staying at Galaxy Villa because he’s afraid Skylar might misunderstand. Even before Skylar said anything, he had already preemptively excluded me. He’s clearly protecting Skylar.” 
Rowan was momentarily at a loss for words. “Even without Skylar, you and Joe would never work.” 
“I have other things to take care of. I hope you don’t let Joe know I 
called you,” Jenny said before hanging up. 
Rowan stared at his phone. After a moment, he clicked his tongue in frustration. 
When Natalie called, Skylar had just started her workday and was preparing for her tasks. 
“Skylar, come over to my apartment after work today. I’m off today and don’t want to have dinner alone.” 
“Sure, I’ll bring dinner tonight.” 
“I’ll be waiting for you.” 
On his way to the company, Joe glanced at his phone. As expected, there were no messages from Skylar. 
This only confirmed his assessment that Skylar was indeed 
heartless. 
However, there were a few missed calls. 
The calls were from Jeremy. 
Jeremy wouldn’t call unless it was something important. Hence, Joe returned the call. 
When the line connected, Joe asked, “Is something wrong?” 
“I was looking for you to reach Skylar. After you missed my call, I managed to get in touch with her this morning, and the matter is resolved,” Jeremy replied briefly, leaving out the
details.” 
There was an unspoken understanding among them. For straightforward issues, there was no need for elaborate 
explanations. 
Joe now recalled that Jeremy had mentioned Skylar earlier. 
“Looking for Skylar? What’s up?” Joe asked. 
Jeremy was somewhat surprised but still truthfully explained how Annabelle had tried to deceive him. 
In the end, he praised Skylar’s skills. “Skylar is impressive. I just spoke briefly with Mr. Gardner Senior, and even he had some gaps in his knowledge about this. He didn’t fully understand. But Skylar was able to determine the details from the photos. You should cherish her.” 
Jeremy was about to remind Joe not to be manipulated, but then he recalled Skylar’s words. All confusion ultimately depended on the strength of one’s willpower. 
Over the years, many people had tried to drug Joe, but he had always resisted. He relied almost entirely on his willpower. 
Even at the charity gala a few days ago, he was able to see through Annie’s trick and ended up with Skylar. 
###chapter569
Jeremy felt a heaviness settle in his chest as he realized this. 
Joe nodded in agreement and asked, “Did you tell Natalie about this?” 
“Not–yet. I’ll mention it when the time is right,” Jeremy replied. He lit a cigarette and stood by the window. 
He was gathering this information as leverage. His goal was to ensure Natalie couldn’t divorce him. It was a despicable tactic. 
Meanwhile, Steven was interrupted at work by a colleague who informed him someone was there to see him. It was unusual for his family to visit during work hours. 
“Alright,” he said. Then, he put aside his current experiment and headed out. 
Visitors weren’t typically allowed inside the company, so the person waited in the lobby. 
The person waiting for him was sitting on a chair in the lobby. 
From the back, she appeared to be a well–maintained middle–aged woman. However, Janine typically wouldn’t dress like this. The clothes this woman was wearing were all luxury brands. 
As he approached, Steven greeted her, “Hello, I’m Steven Sullivan. Were you looking for me?” 
When Sabrina saw Steven, she was taken aback. 
Contrary to what she had imagined, Steven didn’t look like he came 
from a humble background. Instead, he seemed like a young man from a wealthy family. 
No wonder Annie had fallen for him. 
“I’m Annie’s mother,” Sabrina introduced herself. Her tone carried an air of superiority as if to make Steven understand the disparity 
between him and Annie. 
Sabrina believed that Steven’s being with Annie was his great 
fortune. 
“Annie’s mother? Mrs. Silver, what can I do for you?” Steven’s tone was cool, but his respect for elders kept him from being outright dismissive. 
Sabrina’s brows furrowed at Steven’s cold demeanor. “Annie’s father and I know about the relationship. We didn’t approve at first, 
but…” 
“Wait a minute. You said you disapproved of us being together?” Steven confirmed again. 
Sabrina’s eyes flickered. “It’s not that we were entirely against it initially, but we had our reservations at first. Over the past couple of days, Annie’s father and I have come to realize that her
happiness is what truly matters. So, we now approve of you and Annie being together. However, you’ll need to prove yourself. You-” 
Before she could finish, Steven interrupted her once again. 
“You should stick with your initial decision. I’m not worthy of Annie, and there’s no need for me to prove myself. We’ve already broken up. Didn’t Annie tell you?” Steven asked. 
Sabrina hadn’t expected Steven to be so straightforward. Of course, Annie had mentioned their breakup. 
At first, Sabrina thought Steven was just bluffing. After all, Annie was so exceptional that countless suitors wanted to marry her. 
She wondered if Steven could really let Annie go so easily. 
Days had passed, and the Silver family was in chaos. When Sabrina questioned Annie, she confirmed that Steven had indeed broken up with her and showed no intention of reconciling. 
Sabrina still looked down on Steven. However, they had no other choice. She needed him to achieve their goals. 
Now, faced with Steven’s cold response, she felt embarrassed. 
She took a deep breath and said, “Are you still angry at Annie? Everything she told you is true. We were so blinded that we almost harmed her. She’s been isolating herself in her room for the past few days. She refused to eat or drink. Her condition is very poor. She really does care about you.” 
Steven interrupted her, “I have work to attend to. Mrs. Silver, please leave.” 
With that, he turned and walked toward the elevator. 
Sabrina was stunned. She shouted, “You! Don’t you care about Annie?” 
“We’ve broken up. Her matters are no longer my concern. Don’t come looking for me again. I 
too well. 
stand your family’s situation all 
“Your visit today has revealed your true intentions. Such an ugly display!” Steven threw these words over his shoulder as he 
stepped into the elevator. 
###chapter570
“Such an ugly display?” Sabrina repeated the words, and her face contorted with anger. 
“You’re nothing compared to Annie. Being with her is a blessing you could never earn in a lifetime!” 
Unfortunately, Steven was already in the elevator, and Sabrina wasn’t sure if he heard her. 
She was too furious. Then, she returned to her car and called Annie. 
“This Steven is so arrogant and disrespectful. I came to see him in person, and he dared to show me attitude! He’s clearly someone from a humble background who’s never seen the world. Even if he comes to you later regretting his actions, you must not acknowledge him. Do you understand?” 
Annie had insomnia last night. She only managed to fall asleep in the morning and was woken up by a phone call after three hours of sleep. 
She said, “Mom, why didn’t you let me know you were going to see 
Steven?” 
Sabrina always preferred to handle matters on her own. As a result, things often backfired. 
Several days had passed, and the Silver family was now in an irreparable situation. Yet Sabrina remained unconcerned. 
“Do you not understand why I’m here to see him? Look at what’s happened to our family these past few days. Do you know how dire the situation is? I’m giving Steven a chance now. 
“You should be well aware of your father’s and my previous stance -we were absolutely against your relationship. But now, as long as he can make some contribution, we will not only approve of your relationship but also hold a wedding for you,” Sabrina said with a self–satisfied tone. 
Annie was left speechless. 
“Mom, since Steven has decided to break up with me, he won’t come back. He’s not interested in being a wealthy family’s son–in- law. Your visit will only make him more certain that ending things with me was the right choice. Who would dare come near me now with the current state of our family? 
“As for other wealthy families, do you think they would accept me? Mom, it’s time to let go of your pride. Our family might end up worse off than the Williams family. If it weren’t for what happened that night, Steven might have forgiven me, but now… 
“Let’s forget about it; it’s impossible. I suggest you and Dad prepare to leave Jipsburg as soon as possible,” Annie said calmly 
Sabrina was still stubbornly holding on. “Our family is different from the Williams family. They have barely any foundation in Jipsburg, while our family is large and well–established across many industries. We can’t possibly collapse.” 
It was clear that Sabrina didn’t want to leave Jipsburg. She was accustomed to Jipsburg’s grandeur and found it difficult to tolerate the modest surroundings of other places. 
“Alright, I’ll just let you and Dad continue to deceive yourselves,” Annie resignedly said. 
Sabrina retorted, “What do you mean, ‘deceive yourselves‘? Fine, I don’t want to waste any more time arguing. I’m warning you–if 
Steven comes looking for you, you must not acknowledge him. Do you understand?” 
“Mom, you’re overthinking it.” 
A few minutes later, as Annie was getting ready, she picked up her phone. After some hesitation, she sent a message to Steven. 
“Sorry, I didn’t know my mom went to see you.” 
The message didn’t go through. Steven had blocked her. 
When Steven was in love, he was wholly dedicated. However, once he decided to end the relationship, he did so decisively, leaving no room for reconciliation. 
Annie looked at her reflection in the mirror, her face pale and drawn. Reflecting on recent events, she realized everything started with her possessiveness over Joe. This led her to actions she now regretted. 
The unfolding situation had far surpassed her expectations. It spiraled out of her control, bringing her to this point. 
The future seemed bleak, obscured like a thin mist on a mirror. She knew that what lay ahead would be challenging. 
Meanwhile, the Williams family’s situation was also in disarray. 
###chapter571
The small Elden Residence’s living room was in shambles, and an unpleasant odor permeated the air. 
The neighbors had come knocking again. “What’s going on at your place? It smells awful! Can you do something about it? If there’s a cleanliness issue, you need to clean up.” 
“Alright, we’re cleaning up now,” Peter replied curtly. 
The neighbor had nothing more to say and left. Peter turned back to look at the messy living room. Then, he glanced at Sadie, who lay on the couch. 
Once a wealthy socialite, she now resembled a beggar. The stench almost entirely came from her. 
Peter was out delivering food every day and had no time to take care of Sadie. Kenny stayed home all the time. 
However, he only ate, slept, or drank. He remained listless. 
On the other hand, Samuel was out every day and rarely brought home any money. 
Peter could barely handle this situation any longer. He walked a few steps to the guest bedroom and slapped Kenny, who was fast asleep on the bed. 
Kenny was jolted awake by Peter’s slap. He furiously retaliated, ” Peter, have you lost your mind? I’m your brother. How dare you hit 
me!” 
Peter’s response was sharp. “Don’t think being my brother gives you special privileges. Even if you were my father, I’d still hit you. 
to be the head of our family, yet you stay home every day. All you do is eat, drink, and sleep while spending the money that I earn. 
“On top of that, you don’t even clean up the house. Look at Mom- just look at what she’s become. If you don’t clean up the house and take care of Mom today, then you’d better leave!” 
Kenny felt deeply wronged. He said, “Why should I be kicked out? It’s your incompetence that led to the company’s bankruptcy. If it weren’t for you, I’d still be the scion of the Williams family.” 
“Dream on! You’re the useless one. You have hands and feet, but don’t think about supporting yourself. Instead, you shift the responsibility onto me. 
“Don’t forget, you could live so comfortably only because I was working tirelessly in the company.” Peter cut through the pretense and pointed out the harsh truth. 
“You!” 
Peter grabbed Kenny by the collar and dragged him to where Sadie was lying. “Get Mom cleaned up.” 
Kenny hadn’t properly looked at Sadie for days. She lay with her eyes open but unfocused. She didn’t look at either Kenny or Peter. 
She just kept murmuring, “It’s retribution. It’s all retribution.” 
“I can’t stand this anymore. I’m going to find Skylar. I’m going to find her,” Kenny declared. He tried to storm out. 
Peter let him go. He was also curious if Skylar really had abandoned them. 
Skylar was rear–ended on her way to Natalie’s house after work. 
The vehicle that hit her was a Maserati. 
She got out to assess the damage! 
The owner of the Maserati was also a woman. She walked over in high heels. 
Nearby, several people exclaimed, “Isn’t that Felicia Ingram?” 
“It really is her. I can’t believe we’re witnessing a celebrity car accident today. The owner of that small domestic car is going to be in trouble.” 
“This is clearly a rear–end collision. Felicia should be at fault.” 
“How do you know it’s not a scam? Maybe the owner of the domestic car saw the luxury car and decided to fake an accident. These things have happened before.” 
Because the other party was a female celebrity, many people 
quickly parked their cars and gathered to watch. 
Felicia was wearing sunglasses and a formal gown. She seemed to be on her way to an event. 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter572
Felicia was a rising star in the entertainment industry. She had 
recently gained fame and was regarded by many men as their ideal woman. 
As people wanted to question Skylar, their words died on their lips once they saw her face. 
Standing next to the glamorous celebrity, she was not only a match for her in appearance but even more striking. 
They couldn’t help but think, “How can someone so beautiful be driving a domestic car? The top model of that car barely cost over ten thousand dollars.” 
“Shall we call the police?” Skylar asked Felicia. 
Skylar vaguely remembered seeing Felicia in a TV drama before She hadn’t expected to meet her in person, especially during a rear- end collision. 
Felicia, wearing sunglasses, could scrutinize Skylar without 
restraint. She had heard of a woman named Skylar who worked for Alexander, and this woman resembled her. 
It was clear from the photo that they resembled each other quite a bit. However, the images were side profiles and a bit blurry, likely taken surreptitiously. 
Seeing Skylar in person, Felicia felt uneasy. She was at a disadvantage compared to Skylar. 
No wonder she managed to stay close to Joe. Unfortunately, she lacked a proper background, and flattering men wouldn’t help her much. 
Skylar noticed that Felicia had been silent. Her eyes behind the sunglasses seemed to be fixed on her. 
Skylar raised an eyebrow. She realized that this female celebrity might have an attitude. 
Skylar took out her phone and called Natalie. 
“Nath, I might be late. I was rear–ended and am dealing with it. 
Don’t worry,” Skylar explained the situation to Natalie as soon as the call connected. 
Natalie didn’t immediately respond. She seemingly processed the information. 
As Skylar was about to end the call, Joe’s voice came from the other end. “Where are you?” Joe asked. 
“Joe?” Skylar thought. She realized she had inadvertently dialed Joe instead of Natalie. 
“I can handle it. It’s just a minor accident. My car isn’t badly damaged,” Skylar replied quietly. 
Joe asked again, “Where are you?” 
Skylar glanced at the increasing crowd around her and said, “There are quite a few people here.” 
“Does it matter?” Joe asked in return. 
From Joe’s tone, it was clear he was becoming impatient. Skylar remained expressionless. She didn’t insist further and provided Joe with the address. 
Conveniently, the location was close to the Martin Group, so Joe should arrive in less than ten minutes. 
Felicia wasn’t sure who Skylar was talking to on the phone, but she had seen enough. 
In her mind, she guessed that Skylar had undergone cosmetic surgery to blend her features with those of others. This was why she looked even more attractive than Felicia herself. 
It really was true that ugly people often caused trouble. 
Felicia’s face had indeed been used as a model by several cosmetic surgery clinics. She hadn’t thought much of it before, but now it bothered her. 
“Did you slam on the brakes just now?” Felicia asked. 
Skylar couldn’t help but chuckle lightly. “Do you have a dashcam in your car?” 
She wondered if Felicia was trying to shift the blame onto her to avoid negative publicity. 
Felicia’s voice turned serious: “I drive very cautiously. I don’t have a dashcam.” 
“Oh, but I do. Let’s wait for the police,” Skylar said calmly and unhurriedly. 
Facts spoke louder than words. 
###chapter573
Skylar didn’t feel the need to waste her breath on Felicia. 
If Felicia had admitted her mistake and offered to compensate from the start, they wouldn’t have had to involve the police. 
Felicia was taken aback. “For such a minor accident, do we really need to bother the police? Just report it to your insurance company and cover my repair costs. It’s not that complicated.” 
Felicia had heard that Annie had a hard time dealing with Skylar. Now, it seemed it wasn’t because Annie was incompetent but because Skylar wasn’t as na?ve as she appeared. 
She wasn’t easy to deal with. Felicia had indeed hit her car on 
purpose. 
After taking a photo with Joe at the bar, her family started paying more attention to her. Her parents encouraged her to keep going. 
Learning about a potential obstacle, she felt the need to confront it head–on. 
“You seem skilled at shifting the blame,” Skylar remarked in a cold, mocking tone. 
Skylar wondered if there was no longer any bar to entry in the entertainment industry. It seemed like anyone could get in easily. 
Felicia frowned. “What do you mean by that?” 
A male fan of Felicia’s shouted at Skylar, “Did you purposely slam on the brakes just to cause an accident? You saw someone driving a luxury car and decided to take advantage?” 
As soon as the guy spoke, many others joined in questioning 
Skylar. If the Maserati owner hadn’t been Felicia but someone else, it wouldn’t have had the same effect. 
Skylar wondered if fans nowadays follow celebrities blindly. She didn’t want to engage further. 
Fortunately, this wasn’t a main road, so there was another lane for cars to pass through. 
While Skylar was being criticized by the crowd, she called the police and waited for them to arrive. 
Felicia noticed Skylar’s calm demeanor in the face of the crowd’s accusations and her lack of any sign of retreat. She couldn’t help but feel a chill. “Why aren’t you saying anything?” 
“There’s nothing to say. We’ll wait for the police,” Skylar replied coldly. She glanced at Felicia. 
Just then, Felicia received a call and told the person on the other end about the accident. It seemed her celebrity agent, Adele 
Wilkinson, had given her some advice. 
After hanging up, Felicia started taking selfies and snapping pictures of the damaged cars. 
She immediately posted on Facebook. Celebrities needed to chase clout. If Felicia could capitalize on this clout today, her fame could rise another notch. 
Skylar observed Felicia’s actions from the sidelines. She opened her Facebook and saw Felicia’s post. 
Within minutes, the incident had started trending on Facebook. 
It seemed likely that Felicia had paid for this clout. Otherwise, the incident would not have gone viral so quickly. 
Today, Skylar was just unlucky enough to be a scapegoat for 
Felicia’s fame. 
“Never mind, I don’t need your compensation. I have an event to attend shortly and don’t have time to wait here. Besides, we’re blocking traffic,” Felicia said. 
She adopted a very generous attitude after finishing her Facebook updates. 
She tried to shift the blame onto Syklar with just a few words. 
“Have you finished taking photos? Your Facebook post was very timely. Ms. Ingram, you’re used to being flattered in the 
entertainment industry and believe everything should go your way. I saw your recent post. My car is in the photos as well. If things go as expected, your fans will probably start harassing me online. 
“Ms. Ingram, you have two choices. One, clarify the facts and apologize on Facebook. Two, wait for my legal letter,” Skylar said calmly. 
Skylar remained calm and composed, even when dealing with a celebrity. Her calm demeanor drew skepticism from the onlookers. They began to question Felicia’s actions. 
“I feel like Felicia caused the rear–end collision.” 
“There’s still a distance from the red light, and this isn’t an intersection. It’s unlikely she braked suddenly.” 
Irritated, Felicia pursed her red lips. “Your actions caused the rear- end collision, so you’re fully at fault. I’ve only stated the facts on Facebook, so I don’t owe you an apology. Now, I have things to do, so I’m leaving.” 
As Felicia attempted to leave, she was suddenly stopped by 
someone. 
Skylar had already saved the photos from Felicia’s Facebook, which saved her the trouble of taking additional evidence. Hence, she didn’t stop Felicia from leaving 
Seeing that Paul was the one stopping Felicia, Skylar turned her attention to Joe, who had just stepped out of his car and was walking over. 
###chapter574
Seeing Joe, Skylar didn’t know how to react. The events from last night were still fresh in her mind. 
When Joe exited the car, his first glance fell precisely on Skylar. She was surrounded by a crowd and looked somewhat pitiful and vulnerable. 
He scanned the Maserati. He couldn’t believe that the accident involved this car. 
Joe took a few steps toward Skylar and asked in a deep voice,” Were you frightened?” 
Skylar met his gaze. Initially, she felt indifferent, but his question made her feel a twinge of grievance. She replied, “No, I’m just 
waiting for the police.” 
“Did you cause the rear–end collision?” Joe turned to look down at Felicia. 
Felicia’s face showed shock when she saw Joe. She couldn’t believe her eyes. Why was Joe there? Could it be… 
Felicia suddenly recalled that Skylar had made a phone call earlier. She had mentioned the accident. It turned out that Skylar’s call had been to Joe. 
She had to admit that Skylar was quite skilled. Although, she 
couldn’t help but wonder if such a minor accident was worth bothering Joe with. Didn’t Skylar know how busy Joe was? Besides, it was a workday too! 
What a pretentious person. 
Felicia stared blankly at Joe. She looked somewhat flustered. “Mr. Martin, it was indeed my fault that I caused the rear–end collision. However, it happened because she suddenly braked.” 
Joe raised an eyebrow. “Do you know me?” 
Skylar was somewhat surprised. It seemed like Felicia knew Joe. 
Felicia was astonished. She blurted out, “I met you at the bar last night. We even had drinks together” 
It was indeed from last night. Felicia had toasted him several times. 
Could it be… 
“A bar?” Skylar looked at Joe. 
Skylar found it hard to believe that Joe went to a bar after leaving Galaxy Vila. She was even more surprised to learn that he was drinking there with Felicia. 
Joe looked at Skylar. “Yes, I went to the bar. But I don’t remember 
who she is.” 
That was his explanation to Skylar 
Felicia felt utterly embarrassed. “You don’t remember?” 
After spending several hours together last night, Felicia wast shocked that Joe’s only response was that he didn’t remember her. She didn’t leave any impression on him at all. 
“I reviewed the scene. It was indeed a rear–end collision caused by you,” Paul said to Felicia with a neutral expression. He suspected that Felicia was deliberately causing trouble. 
She really thought that a photo with Joe and a night of drinking at the bar gave her the right to meddle in his affairs. She even dared 
to appear before Skylar. 
“I was too hasty earlier and thought you slammed the braked intentionally. I realize now it was my mistake, as I didn’t notice the speed then.” Felicia quickly apologized to Skylar. 
Felicia was skilled at reading people in the entertainment industry and knew better than to offend the wrong people. She hadn’t expected Joe to show up. 
She turned to Skylar and continued, “I’ll cover the repair costs and any compensation for your lost income. I’m truly sorry. It was my fault.” 
Onlookers were stunned. They were astonished at how quickly a celebrity could change her attitude and wondered about the formidable man who had appeared. 
Felicia didn’t care about the crowd’s opinions. She was sincere and took off her sunglasses. “I’m really sorry for my earlier attitude. Can you forgive me? I’ll delete the post and pin an apology post on my Facebook.” 
Her sudden change in demeanor and willingness to make amends were evident. Skylar decided to accept her apology. “Alright,” she said. 
Her gaze lingered on Felicia for a moment. When Skylar had 
watched Felicia’s TV dramas before, she had been surprised at how much the actress resembled her. 
The resemblance was even more striking now that she saw her in person. The situation was resolved 20 minutes later. 
###chapter575
Joe had Paul drive Skylar’s car to the car dealership. 
Skylar then got into Joe’s car. The car was the same one from the night before, with the same driver, Lucas. The only difference now was that it was daytime. 
Their relationship had grown more strained. 
Once in the car, Skylar said, “Just drop me off at the complex ahead. I have an appointment with Natalie.” 
Joe raised an eyebrow. His gaze grew colder. “Are you trying to avoid me? Don’t you want to know why I was at the bar last night or why that woman said she knew me?” 
In that situation, it was obvious to anyone that the woman was interested in him. Joe didn’t believe Skylar didn’t notice. 
“If you wanted to tell me, you would have. If I were to ask rashly wouldn’t I be meddling in matters that don’t concern me?” Skylar 
retorted. 
Besides, he hadn’t even remembered Felicia’s name. She could tell from Felicia’s reaction that their encounter was likely just a coincidence at the bar. 
Many people knew Joe, but Joe didn’t necessarily know everyone who knew him. 
Joe’s expression darkened instantly. “You’re really calm. Don’t forget your status. You’re my wife now.” 
“Why do I feel like you want me to be jealous? I’m not jealous. Are you upset?” Skylar looked at him thoughtfully. 
Skylar wondered if Joe had feelings for her. Her heart skipped a beat as she fixed her gaze on Joe. 
Joe was taken aback. After a few seconds of silence, he said, ” You’re overthinking it.” 
Skylar lowered her gaze and looked out the car window. “So, there really isn’t a need for me to ask.” 
Joe was momentarily at a loss for words. 
“Just drop me off here. Natalie lives around this area,” After they passed an intersection, Skylar spoke again. 
Joe glanced at her with a heavy look in his eyes. 
As Skylar got out of the car, Joe’s voice came from behind. “I’ll be home tonight.” 
Skylar hesitated for a moment, then nodded. “Alright.” 
When she reached the entrance of the complex, she looked back. Joe’s car had not driven away. He was still in the car, watching her through the lowered window. 
Their eyes met, and Skylar felt her heart tighten. 
His gaze seemed full of emotion, but she quickly reminded herself it was just an illusion. He had no real feelings for her. 
His care was merely due to Gloria’s influence. She quickly looked down and turned into the complex. 
After Skylar disappeared into the complex, Joe’s lips curled into a cold smile as he muttered, “Heartless.” 
Lucas was once again startled. He wondered what was going on between Joe and Skylar. They had been getting along well before, 
but now they seemed to have conflicts whenever they met recently. 
“Head to Pearlhall Residence first, then back to the Galaxy Villa,” Joe instructed. 
Lucas replied, “Understood.” 
As Skylar entered the elevator, she checked her Facebook. 
Felicia’s top Facebook post had indeed been updated to an apology to her. 
Her fans‘ comments were overwhelmingly positive. They praised Felicia for taking responsibility and owning up to her mistakes. 
Her handling of the situation once again boosted her popularity on 
Facebook. 
Skylar had to admit that people in the entertainment industry were quite adept at managing their public image. 
… 
Felicia had just finished an event when she saw Adele had hired online influencers to promote her on Facebook. This move once again boosted her popularity following the accident. 
Although it was something to be happy about, she couldn’t shake off her dissatisfaction. 
Joe’s attitude today left her feeling embarrassed. She wondered whether he truly didn’t remember her or if he was putting on an act in front of Skylar. 
“I did some checking. There’s a D–list actor named Charles Sullivan, who is Skylar’s brother. Coincidentally, he’s the third male lead in your next project,” Adele said.
###chapter576
Adele was Felicia’s cousin. She would benefit from Felicia’s eventual success. If they got Joe on their side, they would become an unstoppable force in Jipsburg. 
In addition, Felicia’s family had also been hoping for someone to introduce Felicia to Joe. 
Felicia’s eyes darted around the room. She exclaimed, What a coincidence!” 
“Right. Our investigations have hit the nail on the head. Skylar had caused a commotion in Jipsburg for being the real heiress to the Williamses. Now, we know that Charles isn’t her biological brother. Instead, Samuel is.” 
A plan brewed within Felicia. She remarked, “Charles? He seems pretty popular recently. You’ve not seen Skylar. She’s revolting. She got plastic surgery based on my likeness while incorporating the features of a few others. In the end, she turned out prettier than me. How sickening.” 
“Perhaps she’s one of your fans. If not, why would she use you as a template? If that’s the case, Mr. Martin’s type is probably women like you. Skylar is only your replacement.” 
Felicia’s eyes brightened. Was Skylar her replacement? Had Joe ignored her during their past meetings to attract her attention? 
“Don’t tell my family about this for now. You have to send me to all possible future events. I want more opportunities to interact with Joe.” 
Adele immediately agreed. She said, “Alright, don’t worry. We aren’t in a position where we’ll run into Joe frequently.” 
“No worries. We have countless days ahead of us. I’ve been getting along well with Rowan and his friends lately. He invites me to many events. My chances of encountering Joe will increase in time. 
“Right, you told me that I will be starring in my next movie with Charles. When the time comes, pay special attention to him for me. Perhaps we can use him to our advantage,” Felicia advised. 
“Alright.” 
Natalie brought two smoothies over. On the coffee table, there was also a plate of fried chicken and a pizza, along with a fruit platter. 
“These are the takeouts that I’ve just ordered. Did you say that someone rear–ended your car just now? What happened?” Natalie scanned Skylar from head to toe to check whether Skylar had gotten hurt. 
Skylar described what had happened. 
Natalie was stunned. She ranted, “Isn’t she a little too shameless? At first, she wouldn’t admit to her mistakes. Back then, she definitely thought that you were weak and easily controlled. 
“Yet, upon seeing Joe, her attitude underwent a complete change. If Joe hadn’t shown up today, who knows what scandals she’d whip up about you?” 
After becoming Austin’s assistant, Natalie had heard many stories about the entertainment industry from Hank and witnessed some of them firsthand. 
She knew that some people would do anything to make themselves go viral. They would even resort to unethical methods to do so. Natalie looked down on them. 
They made Austin seem like a rare gem in the entertainment industry. 
“This is the world we live in. Thankfully, it yielded acceptable results.” 
In a swift change of topic, Natalie said, “I’ll be leaving Jipsburg for around two weeks to accompany Mr. Powell to a movie set in a neighboring city. I invited you here today to talk about my relationship with Jeremy. You’re the only person I can discuss this with. 
Natalie gnawed into her fried chicken. At this point, only her favorite food could provide her some semblance of emotional security. 
Skylar nodded. She thought of how Jeremy had gotten seduced under the influence of black magic. She wondered if she should tell Natalie about it. 
###chapter577
Skylar decided to keep it to herself for now. She could tell that Natalie’s emotional state had been volatile recently. 
“Jeremy met me yesterday. He still hasn’t agreed to get a 
peacefully. It might involve both our parents. That’s what/ce. I don’t think we’ll be able to divorce 
been dreading the most. It’ll make them 
worried. In addition, I’m scared they’ll convince me to forgive Jeremy.” 
Skylar asked, “Are you set on divorcing Jeremy? Would you remain determined to divorce him even if he’d cheated on you due to circumstances out of his control?” 
Natalie–chuckled and answered, “Circumstances he couldn’t control? Even if he’d been drugged and thus slept with Annabelle without even knowing, I wouldn’t be able to accept it. 
“Furthermore, he might’ve slept with her involuntarily the first time. Yet, a long time has elapsed since then. Is he still sleeping with her involuntarily? That video still replays in my brain now. 
“Even if he could give me an explanation for his affair, we wouldn’t be able to return to how we had been prior to this incident. I would rather give up on a broken marriage than persevere on this road.” 
Skylar said firmly, “I’ll support you no matter what happens, regardless of the decisions you make,” 
Tears pooled in Natalie’s eyes uncontrollably. She replied, “I’ll always support you too.” 
Suddenly, she felt that they were being overly courteous with each other. 
Natalie forced a smile and pointed at the food on the table. She implored, “Quick, try some. This is our favorite fried chicken. My house is too far from our school, so I had someone send it over.” 
Skylar swallowed. She remarked, “So that’s why it looks familiar.” 
The fried chicken stall was quite small. It was the only one of its kind in Jipsburg, located near their old 
school. 
The students were probably the only ones who knew how delicious it was. 
“I also sent someone to buy the smoothies for us. Although it’s from a chain store, the other outlets don’t give as much toppings as this one outside our school,” Natalie reminisced. She leaned on Skylar’s shoulder. 
Skylar also took a trip down memory lane. She said, “Back then, you drank two smoothies a day. Then, weight. You drank eight smoothies a day at you saw online that a smoothie–only diet would help you lose 
1 
your peak. In the end, you didn’t lose a single pound. Rather, you were 
and barbecues consecutively. You gained four pounds instead.” 
Stand as a result and ate stews 
“You even exclaimed about how you were the only one who’d slimmed dow 
among all our roommates 
after those fattening meals. You’ve got a miraculous body!” Natalie said in admiration. 
After finishing their smoothies, Natalie took out a bottle of champagne. It would go well with their fried chicken and nuts. 
They drank till ten at night. 
Suddenly, someone called them in their drunk state. 
Natalie slurred, “Skye, someone’s calling you.” 
Skylar had a low tolerance for alcohol and was reacting sluggishly. She picked her phone up Without checking who was calling, she accepted the call and greeted, “Hello.” 
slowly. 
Joe said, “I’m outside Natalie’s neighborhood. Tell me when you’re ready to leave, and I’ll fetch you home.” Skylar blinked. She thought she’d misheard him and repeated, “Fetch me home?” 
She held her phone up and stared intent/ 
at the caller’s ID. Then, she said, “Oh, it’s really Joe. Why would 
you be kind enough to fetch me home? I’m not going home, definitely not.” 
“Have you been drinking?” 
Skylar could imagine Joe raising an eyebrow at her coldly in her mind’s eye. How terrifying. 
Thankfully, she was a brave woman. She wasn’t scared of him at all. 
“Correct. I’ve been drinking. I’ve drunk so much winel” she hung up immediately after finishing. 
A chilling gleam flashed across his eyes when Joe realized she’d hung up on her. He immediately called Jeremy to ask him which floor Natalie was on. 
###chapter578
Natalie gave Skylar a thumbs–up and praised her, “Skylar, you’re such a brave woman! How did you gather the courage to hang up on Joe? Do you know how scary he is?” 
Natalie did not encounter Joe frequently. She could count the number of times they had met with just one hand, and each encounter was terrifying. 
Skylar was talented. She wasn’t scared of Joe at all. 
“How scary could he be? It’s not like he could seek me out here. I’ll sleep at your place tonight.” 
Natalie agreed without hesitation. She rejoiced, “Excellent! I’ll get another flute of champagne. I’m telling you, I’ve got a lot of alcohol with me here. We can drink as much as we want!” 
She stood up shakily and stumbled over to her wine cabinet. 
Before she reached it, the doorbell rang. 
“Who’s that?” 
Natalie headed toward the door. Although she was drunk, she remained vigilant. Natalie looked out of the peephole only to see an expressionless yet handsome face. 
“Joe?” 
As she opened the door, Natalie turned back to Skylar and said, “You’re right. Joe has found you here!” 
When Skylar heard Natalie say that, she sobered up slightly and asked, “What did you say?” 
Had she misheard? Had Joe sought her out? How had he found her? 
As questions raced through Skylar’s addled mind, she saw Joe standing by the door. 
Joe would always become the center of attention no matter where he was. Even if one didn’t know his identity, they would be attracted by his outstanding looks and gorgeous figure. Skylar saw him immediately. 
Skylar gulped and asked, “How did you find me here?” 
Joe glared at her. When he saw Skylar gawking at him, he knew that she’d been drinking. Joe said, “I’ll take you home.” 
“Oh, alright, thank you,” said Skylar. She stood up and walked toward Joe. When she did so, her head spun. 
“Hey, why are there two Joes? Which one is real?” 
Skylar pointed at Joe. Then, her finger shifted slightly to the side. 
Natalie could handle her alcohol better than Skylar. Especially after meeting Joe, his chilly demeanor sobered her right up. After a brief moment of speechlessness, she complained, “You graduated years ago. Why can’t you hold your liquor?” 
or der 
“I’m not drunk,” Skylar adamantly denied. 
Which part of her looked drunk? 
She stumbled to Joe. When she approached him, she tripped and tipped to her side. 
Joe caught her in time and mocked, “Stubborn woman. 
Skylar could barely walk in a straight line. Yet, she was still insisting that she wasn’t drunk. 
Natalie frowned. She warned him, “Joe, you better treat Skylar well. You mustn’t cheat on her! If not, I’ll make you suffer!” 
Skylar had been betrayed once. She couldn’t go through it once more. It hurt too much. 
Joe stared intently at Natalie. He hummed in acknowledgement. It made tears well up in Natalie’s eyes. 
Once Joe left with Skylar, Natalie curled into the couch. She hadn’t felt anything while Skylar was there. 
Now that she was alone at home, the alcohol began draining from her system. Her brain cleared up. 
At that moment, someone called. The chime of her phone broke through the silence. 
Natalie looked down at her phone. When she saw that it was Jeremy calling, her heart throbbed painfully. 
###chapter579
Agony coursed through Natalie’s veins. All those memories rushed to the forefront of her mind. She threw. her phone aside and allowed it to continue ringing. 
Initially, she’d thought that Jeremy would give up afterward. Yet, he continued calling. It looked like he would continue calling her until she picked up. If she still didn’t offer any response, he might even come 
over. 
Natalie did not want to see him at all. 
She accepted the call and asked, “Why have you called me?” 
Jeremy was silent after Natalie’s icy question. He then asked, “You’ve had a lot to drink, haven’t you?” 
Natalie frowned. That explained why Joe found Skylar at hers. He’d asked Jeremy. She replied, “I haven’t drunk much. If you don’t have any pressing matters, I’ve got matters to attend to.” 
“Let me come over and take care of you,” said Jeremy. 
Natalie sat up immediately. She shouted, “Jeremy, can you stop pretending like nothing has happened between us? Don’t be so selfish. You know me better than anyone, so you must know how I’m feeling now. I can’t face you right now. The second I see you, I think of how you cheated on me with Annabelle. I can’t forget it!” 
“Natalie, forgive me this time. Just this once. I can prove that you’ve got a skewed understanding of what happened. You’re the only woman I love,” Jeremy said lowly. 
Natalie sounded as though she’d heard a hilarious joke She shot back, “With this single occurrence, you’ve damaged every semblance of trust between us. I can forgive you, but I’ll never get back together with you. From today onward, we can be as close as siblings. However, we cannot be a married couple Can’t we separate amicably?” 
Jeremy’s fingers tightened around his phone. After a long pause, he responded, “Impossible. You’ll make sense of this after a while.” 
Then, he hung up before Natalie could. 
Blood drained from Natalie’s face upon hearing Jeremy’s declaration. 
Why was he so set on this? Why would he want a marriage broken by an affair? 
On the way back to Galaxy Villa, Skylar curled up with her head on Joe’s lap. She breathed steadily. 
Joe stared at Skylar, who was snoozing away without a care in the world. He raised an eyebrow. She’d begun sleeping the second she got into the car. How could she insist that she wasn’t drunk? 
Joe complained coldly, “How stubborn.” 
Lucas immediately straightened up. 
Skylar had already fallen asleep. How could Joe still be angry? He was terrified that Joe would throw her out in a fit of rage. 
Then, Joe instructed, “Drive slower.” 
“Oh, alright,” Lucas answered. Joe’s mood had changed in an instant. It looked like a hurricane was brewing behind his eyes for a second there. In the next moment, Joe became concerned over how
fast he was driving. 
Clearly, he was worried that Skylar’s sleep might’ve been affected if Lucas drove too fast. 
Lucas had been driving at a sloth’s pace. Many cars had overtaken him. Every one of them looked back at him after doing so. A question seemed to be written across their glares. Lucas was driving such a great car, yet his driving skills were atrocious. 
Despite their slow pace, they finally arrived at Galaxy Villa after 40 minutes. 
Joe carried Skylar out of the car. 
“Mr. Martin, I’ll open the door for you,” Lucas said. After getting out of the car, he immediately ran over to help Joe. 
They’d arrived at Galaxy Villa. Yet Joe didn’t want to wake Skylar up. He definitely treasured Skylar. However, Joe tended to remain expressionless, making it difficult for Skylar to detect his love. 
Lucas couldn’t help but feel extremely nervous for Joe. 
Before walking in, Joe glanced at Lucas. He seemed to have something to say to him. He asked, “Do you have anything you’d like to tell me?” 
Lucas responded, “I do have something to say. However, I’m not sure it would be appropriate.” “Speak.” 
###chapter580
“Mr. Martin, you don’t seem to treat Mrs. Martin well. She might think that you don’t care about her. Women need to be coaxed and appeased. 
“My wife really appreciates thoughtful gestures. I bring her home dinner and a small cake after work each day. Then, I would shower her with some kind words. A little always goes a long way. Perhaps you could show Mrs. Martin similar kindness to make her feel cared for.” 
Lucas gave Joe some genuine advice. He hoped that Joe would listen. 
Joe raised a brow. He asked, “She will be filled with adoration for cake?“. 
you just because of some food and a 
Lucas reminded sternly, “Mr. Martin, you must also feed her with pleasantries.” 
Being gentle was the key component of this plan. 
Joe looked down at the woman in his arms. He seemed to be thinking about Lucas‘ words. 
Lucas couldn’t read Joe. He regretted running his mouth without thinking about it beforehand. 
Joe definitely knew that. 
“In that case … I’ll take my leave, Mr. Martin,” Lucas said hesitantly. 
Joe glanced at him and replied, “Alright!” 
Lucas ran away immediately. 
Joe carried Skylar upstairs and placed her in bed. As he helped her change, she remained motionless. Skylar was as obedient as she could be. 
Most of Joe’s rage dissipated. He asked, “You should’ve been obedient all this time. It would’ve saved us much hassle.” 
Skylar seemed to be heartless. She drank till she was unconscious. 
Although Joe grumbled about Skylar, the wrinkle between his eyes smoothened to the rhythm of her calm breaths. 
When Skylar woke up the next day, she had a horrible headache. 
Skylar felt extremely confused when she found herself in Galaxy Villa. She felt as though a chunk of her memory was missing. Wasn’t she supposed to be at Natalie’s place? 
How had she come home? 
Joe asked from beside her, “You’re up?” 
Skylar glanced over immediately and questioned, “When did you come home?” 
Joe sat up. He was shirtless, showing off his rippling muscles without inhibition. He said, “Have you forgotten what happened next?” 
Alarm bells began ringing in Skylar’s brain. She couldn’t be bothered to enjoy the view before her. She questioned, “Did something happen last night?” 
Why did she lose her composure every time she drank? She forgot everything that happened while under the influence. Skylar had no clue of how she returned home. 
Suddenly, she recalled Joe telling her he would be coming home that night before she exited his car. How about her? 
Skylar couldn’t discern anything from his somber gaze 
She felt insecure. Had something really happened? 
Although Skylar tried to hide her emotions, Joe could tell she was concerned. Joe wavered. Casually, he you while said, “You didn’t do anything too outlandish. You merely held onto me, asking me never to leave saying that you couldn’t survive without me. You wanted to spend the rest of our lives together.” 
“What?” Skylar exclaimed in surprise., 
Had she forced Joe into making promises while she was intoxicated? 
Joe gazed at Skylar and asked, “So, does this mean you’ve fallen for me?” 
Joe seemed to be awaiting an answer from Skylar. 
Her expression changed. 
Upon seeing that, Joe also turned somber. He looked away and got out of bed. He said, “I was joking. I know you won’t fall in love with me. Breakfast will be sent over from Pearlhall Residence.” 
###chapter581
After finishing, Joe took his clothes and walked out of their bedroom. Skylar watched him leave. 
Joe’s words had exacerbated her headache from her hangover. Thankfully, he’d only been kidding. He hadn’t meant it. However, Joe had miscalculated this time despite his previous success in scheming. 
Skylar learned what happened last night from a call with Natalie on the way to work. Joe had gone over to pick her up. 
“You have no idea, Skye. I was dumbstruck when Joe showed up. You’re doing well for yourself, Skye. He looks like he loves you. Stay with him. Although Joe might seem like an unapproachable iceberg of a man, he cares about you infinitely. He was 
o gentle when he carried you out. Literal boyfriend goals.” 
Skylar’s knuckles turned white around the steering wheel. She did not explain the truth to Natalie. 
After all, Natalie had gotten drunk last night. How would a drunk woman know whether he was gentle with Skylar or whether he adored her? 
“Focus on driving. We’ll talk soon. I’m on the way to work. I’ll be leaving Jipsburg tomorrow. Once I’m back, we’ll work on raising your tolerance to alcohol. With how lousy you are at holding your liquor, you’ll be gobbled up by Joe in no time.” 
Natalie only hung up after teasing her once again. 
Skylar was driving Joe’s car. Her car would only be ready in two days. 
Although it was the least flashy car in his garage, Skylar’s colleagues still crowded over when she arrived at the office. 
“Skylar, is this your car?” 
“Nah, it belongs to a friend of mine. My car got rear–ended yesterday,” Skylar replied. 
Her colleague hummed in acknowledgment as they studied the car. She said, “I’ve seen this car online. It’s a limited edition model with a formidable price. One would only be able to look at it as a result. Rumor has it that there are less than ten of them in Jipsburg. Your friend is amazing. He’s able to lend such an impressive car to you.” 
She was extremely jealous. 
Skylar smiled and said that she knew little about cars. Then, she went upstairs with her colleague. 
Just as she got ready to work, Alexander sent word that he would like to meet her. 
Once Skylar met Alexander, he passed two pictures to her. He said, “Come take a look. This was given to me by one of my friends, Harry Solarius. He lives in Liberty County after retiring. 
“Two years ago, he bought this overseas. Afterward, chaos befell his family. His children were involved in car accidents, and others fell sick. Coincidentally, I saw this painting hung on his wall. Could this painting have been the cause?” 
“Alright, I’ll take a look at it.” 
Skylar scrutinized the two pictures. Then, she shook her head and said, “There’s nothing wrong with the painting.” 
 
“Is there nothing wrong with the painting? Can you come to Liberty County and look at his house?” 
Many things had happened to Harry. He’d been busy in the past and did not have time to contact him. Recently, a series of weird happenings had occurred. Alexander felt like a puppetmaster of fate was pulling the strings behind the scenes. 
Without hesitation, Skylar agreed, “Alright. You can set a time for it.” 
“That’s great. I’ll start making arrangements. If possible, we should make the trip by today. It takes around five hours to get there. We’ll be able to come back by tomorrow.” 
Alexander immediately called his driver to set a time. 
Skylar thought for a moment. Then, she called Joe. He must’ve been in a meeting and had muted his phone. He did not pick up. 
Thus, she sent a message to Joe, saying, “I’ll be going to Liberty County to help Alexander with something. I’ll be back by tomorrow.” 
Initially, she was going to ask him not to worry. After some thought, she believed that he wouldn’t worry about her anyway. She deleted that. 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
X 
###chapter582
Indeed, Joe had been in a meeting. Half an hour through the meeting, he saw that Skylar had called and texted him. He glanced at the time and called her back 
His call went through after a few seconds. 
Joe asked, “I was in a meeting just now. Are you already heading there?” 
As he spoke, she also heard the click of his lighter. Skylar said, “Yeah, we’ve set off already. We’re on the highway now.” 
Joe flicked his lighter open. However, he didn’t light a cigarette. He merely looked down, a cold glint flickering in his eyes. He said, “When you get there, do te 
“Alright.” 
me.” 
“Be careful,” Joe added. 
Skylar’s eyelashes fluttered as she responded, “Alright, don’t worry. I’ll take care of myself.” 
worry. I’ll take care of myself.” 
The second she hung up, Skylar felt as though there was a hole in her heart. It was uncomfortable. 
Alexander asked with a smile, “Was that Joe calling you?” 
Skylar halted her train of thought. She replied, “Yeah. I was telling him that I wouldn’t be going home tonight. I was scared he’d be worried.” 
Alexander nodded cheerily. He said, “Joe is a good kid. He’s pitiable as well. Only his Grandma truly pampered him growing up. Men tend to be hard–headed. Although Joe seems uncaring, he does value a select few. I can tell that he cares for you.” 
Skylar added, “He’s good.” 
At this age, Alexander was extremely perceptive. He could tell what they were going through at a glance. However, he did not point it out. They would only truly comprehend it once they went through it themselves. 
It did not matter how much advice their elders gave. They would probably not be able to understand it 
anyway. 
They were a good pair. He would let them pave their own way, and then they would learn their lessons. A few hours later, they arrived in Liberty County. Although they were in a rural area, Harry lived in a mansion. It was like a mini estate, and it was the only one of its kind in the village. 
There weren’t many people in the county. It made the estate seem even quieter. 
It was a great place to retire. One could enjoy peace and focus on spiritual development here. 
Many people chose to build mansions here after consulting divination masters. 
Before stepping onto his estate, Skylar felt he’d chosen a good location to build his mansion. One relaxed easily there. 
However, the second she stepped into the estate, Skylar felt her heart sink to the bottom of her stomach. A chill prickled over her skin. 
Harry was a nice man. 
On the way there, Alexander had told her about Harry’s background. He had five sons and two daughters. 
His three sons had fallen sick one after another in the past two years and were extremely weak. His other two sons were fine as they were overseas. 
His two daughters had recently endured a string of terrifying ordeals. One moment, they were victims of a car accident; the next, they were nearly drowning after suffering severe cramps while swimming. It seemed danger was a constant, unwelcome guest in their lives. 
Harry had been affected too. His body health had been deteriorating in the past few years. He needed a wheelchair to get around. If not, he would be panting desperately after a few steps. 
Under such circumstances, Harry found himself in a weird situation. He’d asked divination masters to help him investigate. 
They’d looked at his mansion and ancestral graves. There was nothing wrong with them, and multiple divination masters had agreed. 
Harry could only dispel his supposition that this was the result of black magic. He thought of it as a coincidence. 
Alexander hadn’t told Harry about who was coming. He was terrified that Harry would be disappointed by the outcome. 
###chapter583
After all, Alexander wasn’t sure what was going on. 
“I’ve lived here for many years. In the past few years, I’ve started to regret building such a great estate,” Harry reflected. 
He wasn’t in a wheelchair today. He held a walking stick in hand. 
Although he wasn’t walking very quickly, he began panting after a while. 
Harry looked ten years older than Alexander when the former was younger than the latter. 
Alexander’s heart was in agony. Harry used to be a handsome young man who was impulsive and reckless. It seemed like yesterday. While video calling, Alexander hadn’t felt anything much. Now that they’d met, sadness overcame him. 
They had all grown old. 
“It’s alright. The only problem is that there aren’t many people living here, which makes it seem big. The scenery here is excellent.” 
Skylar looked around imperceptibly. 
When they’d first met Harry, Alexander merely introduced her as his employee. Thus, no one was paying her much attention. She could scan her surroundings meticulously. 
After entering his mansion, she observed the interior. There were all sorts of antiques on display. 
Although Harry did not have many helpers in his house, he’d installed a security system and had guards on duty. 
The people in Liberty County were honest people. No one dared to break in or do anything to them. 
Skylar could tell that Harry was an avid collector. 
Suddenly, Skylar’s eyes caught on a small antique. It was merely a small phoenix- shaped porcelain figurine. It wasn’t a modern piece. 
Due to the vastness of the mansion and the number of things there, the figurine was easily overlooked. 
“It’s just a small figurine. If you like it, you can take it,” Harry said kindly. He’d noticed Skylar’s gaze. 
It wasn’t worth much–rather cheap as a meeting gift. However, if she liked it, it would be worth more than its material value 
Alexander immediately looked at the figurine. Then, he shot a questioning look at 
Skylar. 
She smiled at Harry and thanked him. Then, she refused it by saying, “This is an antique. It’s expensive. I can’t accept it.” 
Then, she nodded at Alexander. This little figurine was the problem. It was easily ignored. 
“Where did you buy this?” Alexander asked Harry. 
Harry was about to say something. When he heard Alexander’s question, he replied with a smile, “Two years ago, I’d won that painting in an auction. My friend gifted it to me. It looked pleasing to the eye. I accepted it because I didn’t want to refuse his kindness.” 
“A friend? Do I know him?” asked Alexander. 
Harry did not think much of it. He answered, “Probably not. I hadn’t known him for long when he gave that to me. We got along well and won many things in an auction. Once I returned to the country, we lost contact.” 
“So that’s what happened. He must’ve done so on purpose. He approached you on purpose just to give the porcelain figure to you,” Alexander said. His eyes narrowed as his expression turned somber. 
Harry was dumbfounded. He asked, “What? Was it done on purpose? This figurine shouldn’t be worth much. Why did he get into trouble for doing this?” 
Upon asking the question, an idea popped into his head, and his expression changed swiftly. He said, “Alexander, are you saying that there’s something wrong with this figurine? Has it caused all the misfortune that befell us in the last two years?” 
“Right… It seems like everything began after I came back from overseas. Accidents happened one after another. I’ve asked numerous people to help me understand what’s happening, but none could tell. How did you figure it out?” 
Alexander shook his head somberly and answered, “I wasn’t the one who figured it out. It was Skye. She’s been Viola’s apprentice since a young age.” 
At the mention of Viola, Harry’s eyes widened. 
###chapter584
Harry was shocked. “She’s Viola’s apprentice?” 
More than a decade had passed since Viola had left Jipsburg. Even now, no one knew where she was. When he’d invited those divination masters to his house, he’d hoped Viola could come. 
It was a pity none of them had news of Viola. 
“Yes, I learned from Grandma Viola as a kid. However, I’ve only partially mastered her 
skills.” 
Harry nodded and said, “I can tell you’ve been an apprentice under her since you were young. Is this tiny figurine really the source of our misfortune?” 
Skylar nodded and said seriously, “Indeed, this figurine is behind all that. It contains powerful black magic. It aims to murder the Solarius children.” 
“What?” Harry stumbled backward. 
Alexander caught him in time before he could fall. 
Alexander’s face had paled too. He asked, “Is it more powerful than any artifact you’ve seen?” 
“Yeah,” Skylar replied. She pulled a pair of gloves out from her bag and put them on. Then, she placed the phoenix figurine in her palm to scrutinize it. 
If one didn’t look closely, they wouldn’t realize the mysterious patterns covering the figurine. It looked ominous, as though it were the symbol of an ancient curse. 
Skylar’s expression changed. Her palm turned cold abruptly. Before she lost consciousness, she screamed a reminder, “Don’t touch it! Cover it with a box!” 
As Skylar collapsed, the figurine slipped out of her palm. 
Alexander and Harry exclaimed at the same time, “Skye!” 
Joe had been checking through some files As he signed his name on a document, his heart squeezed painfully. He immediately frowned. 
The pain lasted briefly before disappearing as though what had happened was an illusion. 
“Mr. Martin?” 
One of the departmental heads had come in to pass Joe a document. When he saw Joe’s frown, his heart leaped into his throat. He stared at Joe nervously. Each time he came to see Joe was a test of his courage. With his anxiety, he felt like a heart attack was imminent. 
Joe looked up at him. Then, he signed the document expressionlessly before passing it back to him. 
His heart fell back into his chest. He’d been scared to death! Thankfully, there weren’t any problems. 
After he walked out, Joe received a call. He glanced at the caller ID, only to find it was Alexander. 
He accepted the call and greeted, “Mr. Gardner Senior.” 
Shouldn’t he be with Skylar in Liberty County at Harry’s house? Why was Alexander calling him? 
Joe furrowed his brows. He had a bad feeling about what was to come.
###chapter585
Alexander spoke in a hurried tone. When the call went through, he said immediately,” Come over as soon as possible. Something has happened to Skylar. I’m sorry. I couldn’t protect her. Come quickly. We’re in Liberty Hospital. Take Dr. Grey with you!” 
Joe gripped his phone tightly, a serious expression on his face. He hung up immediately and called Paul over. At the same time, he asked Howard to set off for the highway. 
Paul was extremely on edge on the way there. He looked at Joe, whose facial muscles were pulled taut. Then, he reported, “Liberty Hospital has sent news that Mrs. Martin is still unconscious. They can’t tell what’s wrong as their skills are limited. Considering her current condition, they’re nervous to transfer her to another hospital.” 
No one had expected this to happen, and they were unprepared to deal with it. Alexander was still feeling guilty about it. 
After multiple calls, Paul said, “Dr. Grey has entered the highway before us. He’s heading there already.” 
Joe hummed in acknowledgment. He glanced at Lucas and questioned coldly, “Why are you driving so slowly?” 
Lucas immediately stepped on the gas. The car was going so fast it seemed to be flying. 
Paul observed Joe out of the corner of her eye. Joe’s concern meant that he had fallen for Skylar. However, he wouldn’t admit it. 
That said, this wasn’t the time to think about such matters. Skylar was a kind person who had gone there to help. She had to be alright. 
If Gloria found out, she wouldn’t be able to bear it. 
At the same time, many specialists from different departments in Liberty Hospital had gathered around Skylar. Even the traditional medical practitioners in Liberty County had been invited. However, other than noting Skylar’s weak health condition, they saw no other issue. 
Yet, Skylar’s face was ashen. No matter who called her, her expression–didn’t change. It was as though she’d fallen asleep. 
Harry had sunk into self–blame. He lamented, “I’ve gotten Skylar into this. Look for people who might be able to help her. Wasn’t there a divination master in Liberty 
County? Ask him to come here!” 
Harry’s attendants immediately left the hospital room. They began making calls. 
Alexander stared at Skylar with tears in his eyes. He said, “Skye is extremely kind. I merely asked her whether she’d be willing to come and take a look. She agreed without a second thought. 
“Although she knew that it might be dangerous and it might harm her, she did not hesitate even once. I might not have been as fearless as her even in the height of my youth. Viola has raised her
well!” 
Only… If something happened to Skylar, he would be too embarrassed to meet Viola even if she returned. Alexander wouldn’t be able to give Gloria an explanation either! Alexander and Harry were panicking. Before Joe arrived, they tried all the methods they could come up with, and so did the medical personnel in the hospital. Yet, Skylar’s face seemed to pale even further, and her temperature dropped. 
It was as though… 
No one dared to vocalize their thoughts. 
Harry reproached himself, “It’s all my fault. Why did I accept it? I remained cautious of others when I was young. Why do I believe in others the older I get? I’ve harmed Skylar. I don’t care about anything except the children 
my old age.” 
Alexander noticed that Harry had paled as well. He seemed exhausted and wrapped up in self– blame. Alexander sighed and consoled, “Don’t blame yourself for this. It’ll only damage your health. I believe Skylar will be fine. She’s kind and lucky.” 
Harry exhaled harshly and replied, “How could I not blame myself? Skylar told us what to do until the last second before she fainted. She was terrified that we’d get hurt. Only then did I understand why misfortune had befallen my family. I have to find the man who hurt me!” 
“Two years have passed. He must’ve gotten close to you with ulterior motives. He must’ve gone into hiding by now. You won’t be able to find him easily.” 
Who was this fiend lurking in the darkness? 
Right then, a dark figure swooped in. The wind rustled behind him. 
###chapter586
Joe walked straight to Skylar’s bed. 
Both Alexander and Harry knew him. They asked simultaneously, “Joe?” 
Joe scrutinized Skylar. He’d never seen her so pale before. Her breathing was weak, as though… 
Joe said to Howard, “Come over and take a look.” 
Howard nodded and walked over somberly. 
Joe took a step back. He then looked at Alexander and Harry. He greeted them, “Mr. Gardner Senior, Mr. Solarius Senior.” 
Alexander said remorsefully, “I didn’t protect Skylar properly. That’s why she’s landed in this position.” 
“It’s not Alexander’s fault. It’s mine. I was the cause of this,” Harry said hurriedly. 
It wouldn’t be a smart move to blame others now. 
In addition, Skylar had made the decision to come to Liberty County herself. Joe knew that Skylar wouldn’t blame it on them. They hated for this to happen as well, 
Joe replied, “You don’t have to blame yourself. We should focus on ensuring Skylar wakes up soon.” 
She’d fallen unconscious for no obvious reason. This was the largest hit to her health she’d suffered. It was much worse than anything she’d ever experienced. 
Joe stared at Skylar, who lay in bed, unconscious. He said to himself, “She’ll be fine. I won’t let anything happen to her.” 
Howard examined Skylar. Then, he looked at her medical history as well as a list of reports. His expression turned serious as he read. 
Silence reigned in the ward. Everyone in the room looked at Howard. 
Paul did not step forward. He merely looked in from outside. He could see Skylar from where he was standing. 
Paul’s heart sank when he saw Skylar’s pale face. It was worse than he’d imagined! 
How could those evil artifacts be so powerful? It had harmed her before they’d even had time to react! 
After a moment, Howard said to Joe, “Mr. Martin, let’s talk about this outside.” 
Joe’s gaze hardened. He replied, “Alright.” 
Alexander and Harry traded glances. They had a guess as to what was going on. Skylar wasn’t doing well. 
In the corridor, Howard said lowly, “Mr. Martin, Skylar isn’t in good condition. Although nothing seems wrong with her, her body temperature is highly abnormal. No medical inteference can be
done. Right now, she might as well be in a vegetative 
state.” 
Joe clenched his jaw. Then, he said, “Find a way to save her, no matter what that might be. Can I bring her back to Jipsburg?” 
Once they returned to Jipsburg, he would do anything to save her. 
Howard nodded and answered, “You can. However, you must be mentally prepared for what might happen on the way back. I’ve never encountered a patient like her.” 
In the past, he’d never believed in black magic. Now, he found that his understanding of the topic was too superficial. 
His medical expertise, which he took pride in, couldn’t explain Skylar’s condition. Howard couldn’t find the source of Skylar’s unconsciousness either. He felt helpless. 
Joe remained silent as he stood in the corridor. Those few minutes seemed like a year to him. 
Paul waited for Joe’s next instructions. 
“Paul, get things ready. We’re taking Mrs. Martin back to Jipsburg,” Joe looked up and ordered. 
“Alright! I’ll make the necessary preparations immediately,” replied Paul. 
Then, Joe walked back into the ward. He sat by Skylar’s bed and watched her. She looked lifeless. A few minutes later, he looked at Alexander and Harry and said, “I’m taking her back to Jipsburg. Once she wakes up, she can return and settle what she hasn’t finished.” 
Upon hearing Joe’s calm reassurance, Alexander and Harry calmed down after hours of panic. 
Skylar would be fine. Joe wouldn’t let anything happen to her. Miracles could happen once they returned to Jipsburg. 
###chapter587
1/2 “Do be careful on the way home. Call me if anything happens. I’ll be returning to Jipsburg soon,” Alexander said. 
He hadn’t been feeling much before Joe arrived, and now that Joe was here, he felt 
rather weak. 
Joe nodded in response. 
They finished the paperwork needed for the transfer in a heartbeat. Although Joe had taken Skylar away, Alexander and Harry did not leave the hospital. 
Rather, they remained in the hospital to get IV drips. They had been holding on for dear life just now. After Joe left, they broke down. 
Harry looked at Skylar, who was lying in a hospital bed. He muttered, “Skye will be alright when she gets back to Jipsburg, right? Jipsburg is filled with talented people. They’ll find a way to wake her up. They definitely will.” 
“Right, nothing will happen to Skylar. She’s a lucky person,” said Alexander resolutely while nodding feebly. 
They said nothing more after that. 
Both were exhausted, but they couldn’t sleep. The second they closed their eyes, Skylar’s collapse replayed before their eyes, and their hearts raced. 
The ambulance cruised through the streets swiftly. 
Joe’s eyes fell on Skylar, who was still unconscious. He pushed a few strands of hair out of her face. 
Joe murmured, “Skylar, please wake up soon.” 
Skylar would’ve been irked and started bantering with him, but she remained still. She did not react to his words as though deaf to the world. 
Joe grasped her hand. It was as though he was holding on to a block of ice. He immediately tightened his grip around her palm, hoping that he’d eventually warm 
her up. 
However, it was all for naught. His palm was scorching. However, it wasn’t enough to warm her. 
Joe’s expression froze. 
He pursed his lips. Joe said in a tone bordering on threatening, “You have to wake up, alright?” 
Skylar remained motionless. She lay on the stretcher like a broken doll. 
Although Joe’s body had begun to prickle with numbness, he remained bent over, staring at Skylar. It was as though he’d been frozen into his position. 
They finally arrived at Jipsburg Hospital, where Skylar was relocated into a hospital room. Only then did Joe come to his senses, 
All the specialists began checking over her. They labored through the night. 
In the end, they merely hooked Skylar onto an IV drip. Nothing else happened. They needed to analyze a bunch of medical reports before they could find out the exact reason for her collapse. 
Paul somberly told Joe, “Mr. Martin, you should return home to rest first. A caretaker will stay here to watch over Mrs. Martin. She’ll call you the second Mrs. Martin wakes up. 
It was five in the morning. He’d been up all night. 
“There’s no need for that. You should go home first. I’ll rest here,” Joe stated. 
Paul glanced at the extra bed beside Skylar’s. That would work too. 
“In that case, I’ll buy some breakfast for you. Some of the shops should be open at this hour,” Paul said. 
Joe hummed in agreement. 
Before leaving the room, Paul cast a worried glance at Skylar. Accidents were unpredictable, striking without warning. Just yesterday, she had been perfectly healthy. Now, she lay unconscious, her life hanging in the balance. 
Three days later, the doctors came up with a conclusion. 
“Mr. Martin, you should prepare yourself for this news. The patient might remain in a vegetative state for the rest of her life.” 
###chapter588
“What?” Paul was in disbelief. He couldn’t stop himself from exclaiming. 
How did Skylar end up in a vegetative state? 
She’d been alive and kicking a day ago. One trip to Liberty County, and she’d entered a vegetative state? 
Had these doctors examined her properly? Had they thought of a proper treatment plan for her? 
Paul immediately turned to Joe. 
As he’d expected, Joe’s expression was frigid. He ordered, “Exhaust every method you can think of. You know that we’ll never accept this as her future.” 
Robert Harrison, the head of Jipsburg Hospital, sighed deeply and replied, “We’ve compiled her medical reports and discussed this matter with experts overseas. They’ve all agreed that this is a problem that no one can solve. Mr. Martin, we càn only hope for a miracle now.” 
He’d made clear that no one knew how to help Skylar. 
It wasn’t that they didn’t want to save her. The patient was someone Joe cared about. They’d considered every possibility, but in the end, they found no viable option. 
After all the doctors left, Paul immediately asked Joe, “Mr. Martin, should I contact hospitals overseas? Also… should I ask Mrs. Martin’s family to come over? They still don’t know Ms. Sullivan’s condition.” 
There was also Gloria. 
If they had kept this from Gloria, she might not have been able to bear it when she eventually found them out. 
Two days ago, Alexander and Harry had returned from Liberty County. They felt another wave of self–blame when they heard that Jipsburg Hospital had found no way to save her. 
They’d pleaded for help from many sources. The two of them also helped keep the news from Gloria. 
Joe ordered coldly, “Please leave first.” 
Paul froze in surprise. Then, he left the room swiftly. 
Joe sat by the bed and looked down at Skylar. The room was completely silent. 
Suddenly, he heard the chime of a notification. Joe glanced over. It was Charles calling Skylar. 
Skylar’s phone had been quiet for three days. No one called. This was the first incoming call. 
Joe’s eyes shifted away from it after a brief look. He allowed the phone to keep ringing. He had no idea what to tell Charles. 
Another call came in after the first one ended. It was still Charles. 
Joe furrowed his brows. 
At that moment, Joe heard a hoarse female voice squeak out beside him, “The phone 
” 
Surprise took over Joe’s features. He turned around to look at Skylar. 
He watched as Skylar opened her eyes. Then, she narrowed her eyes again, perhaps because she couldn’t get used to the room’s brightness. 
Skylar felt like her brain was lagging when she saw Joe before her. She said, “You…” 
Her throat felt dry and scratchy. It was as though she’d been down with a major disease. 
It was as though someone had hit a stop button over Joe. He stared at her in total 
shock. 
Skylar was dumbfounded by his gaze. She wanted to speak, but her throat hurt excruciating. When she tried to sit up, she found herself completely weak. 
She could only stare at Joe. 
When their eyes met in midair, Joe finally came to his senses. 
Then, he stood up abruptly. 
He strode toward the door and instructed Paul, “Get Dr. Stone, her main physician, to come over!” 
Skylar’s main physician? 
Skylar finally realized that something was off after waking up. Only then did she realize that she was in the Hospital. 
###chapter589
Skylar had recalled what happened before she collapsed. She hadn’t expected Alexander to call Joe. She was fine. 
A flurry of activity filled the room as doctors swarmed around Skylar, subjecting her to a battery of tests. An hour later, the room emptied, and the hospital room fell silent once again. 
Skylar seemed much better than when she first woke up. 
Strength flowed back into her after a few sips of water and chicken soup. 
“I merely fainted. It’s nothing serious.” 
Asking so many doctors to come over was a waste of time. 
If the other patients knew that all the doctors were with her, they would definitely have something to say about it. It was a total waste of resources. 
Joe stared at Skylar silently. 
Paul’s lips twitched. He said, “Mrs. Martin, you didn’t just faint. You’ve been unconscious for four days. Your temperature dropped as days went by. They ran countless tests on you but could find no reason for your unconsciousness. 
“Two hours ago, they concluded that you might never wake up. You’d be in a vegetative state. This isn’t nothing. This is absolutely terrifying!” 
“Four days? Have I been unconscious for that long?” Skylar was surprised. 
That explained why Joe seemed dumbstruck by her waking up. The doctors had just been talking about some kind of miracle. 
She was under the impression that she’d fainted briefly. Yet, four days had passed. 
“Indeed, it has been long,” Joe stated lowly. 
Skylar apologetically said, “I’m sorry for worrying you all.” 
She hadn’t expected the black magic to eat her up, and at the time, she didn’t care much about it. Even before fainting, she thought about how Alexader and Harry should’ve handled the phoenix figurine. 
If Skylar had known that she would be unconscious for such a long time, she would’ve told him not to worry about her. 
“Steven called you just now. Would you like to call him back?” 
Joe handed her the phone, and Skylar reached out to take it. Their fingers touched, and Joe noticed her icy fingertips. 
He asked Skylar immediately, “Are you feeling ill?” 
Skylar was stunned by his question. She answered, “No, I’m feeling alright. I feel stronger now that I’ve had something to eat. 
The doctor told her she would recover after two days of rest. 
Why did Joe seem extremely nervous all of a sudden? 
Joe’s brows remained furrowed. He held her hands tightly and said, “Your hands are still very cold.” 
He glanced at Paul and ordered, “Call a doctor over.” 
? 
“There’s really no need for that. I’m alright. It’s normal to have cold hands, I touched the figurine, and I just needed some time to recover. Don’t worry, I’m fine,” Skylar insisted. She tried to stop Joe from doing so. 
Joe gazed at her deeply. Then, he said, “Alright.” 
Skylar glanced at Joe, who was still holding her hand. She reminded, “I’ll call Steven now.” 
C 
S 
“Let’s head out first. We should inform Mr. Gardner Senior and Mr. Solarius Senior.” Joe nodded. He walked out with Paul. 
Skylar sighed in relief once the door shut behind him. 
Joe had looked at her as though she was someone important to him, whom he’d lost 
and then regained. She needed to hold herself together with all her might to prevent herself from getting lost in his eyes. 
? 
Skylar didn’t know how long she could protect herself from the extremely charismatic Joe. Her imagination had started to run wild. 
She inhaled. Then, Skylar called Steven. 
“Steven, I was busy just now.” 
Steven said, “Mom just called me just now. She said that you were renting with someone. As she hasn’t visited you before, she wants to see you during dinnertime and have a meal together. She asked me for your address. 
“I found an excuse and said that I was busy. I’d said I would send her your address when I was done. Skylar, I don’t think I can keep this from Mom anymore. You need to take Joe to meet her.“. 
###chapter590
Skylar's heart raced. She said, "Steven, I have a few pressing matters that need handling. Joe is rather busy as well. We don't have time to visit Mom for now. Could you help me think of a reason to dissuade Mom from coming to see me?"
"Alright, I'll come up with something. However, you can't avoid this for long. How are you and Joe getting along?"
The undeniable truth was that Steven had gotten hurt by Annie. However, he'd overlooked something. He'd gotten hurt, but what about Skylar? Would this affect her relationship with Joe?
Skylar's eyes darted toward the door. Then, she hummed gently and said, "We're getting along quite well. Don't worry about us, Steven."
"Alright. I've broken things off with Annie entirely. She won't be causing any more trouble. This had nothing to do with anyone else. I was too trusting. Although occasional hints revealed her true colors, I consciously ignored them.
"Skylar, stick together with Joe, alright? We'll go through all sorts of challenges throughout our lifetime. It's impossible to live a life of perpetual peace."
Skylar felt her heart skip a beat. Suddenly, she found an answer to the problem that had been gnawing at her. In the past, she'd been too paranoid. "Yep, got it."
After they ended their call, Skyar opened her Instagram. There were no important messages.
Natalie and Austin were filming. They had probably been busy. Occasionally, they sent her a few pictures. Caleb had also sent her a few photos of his overseas trip.
Her lack of response didn't faze them; they knew she was probably busy.
Skylar then looked at her Amazon store. Janine could handle them by now.
She'd posted an announcement that she'd be busy and wasn't accepting appraisal requests as a result.
Skylar was relieved after looking through all of that.
Just as she put her phone down, the door opened. Alexander and Harry walked in. Tears welled up in their eyes upon seeing her.
"You're alright. That's great. Skye, you've terrified us for the past few days. It's such a relief that you're alright," said Alexander. Harry added, "If anything happened to you, I would blame myself to death. I wouldn't have the guts to even meet Viola."
In the face of Alexander and Harry's concern, Skylar said hurriedly, "I'm alright now, Stop worrying, you both. It's my fault for not telling you before I fainted. I'm too young, and I experienced enough. That's why the artifact injured me." 
asn't
"You're impossible. Why are you blaming yourself for this?" Harry didn't know whether to laugh or cry.
He could see why Viola had passed her skills on to Skylar. She deserved it for her exemplary character.
Alexander looked back at Joe, who'd followed them in. He asked, "What did the doctors say? I'll pay for all the expenses incurred by her hospital stay."
"The doctor said she needs to be hospitalized for a few more days. Then, she'll be fit for discharge," Joe replied.
He would pay for his wife's hospital stay. After all, Jipsburg Hospital belonged to the Martins.
Alexander was their elder. Joe wouldn't allow him to shoulder the costs.
"That's great," Harry said. He nodded in relief. Then he turned to Alexander to complain, "I've already said that I be paying for it. Why are you trying to take that from me? What do you think that I'm penniless just because I live in Liberty County?" 
Harry felt bad if he couldn't do anything for her.
Although Skylar had woken up, she was still extremely pale.
Skylar watched as they fought with each other to take responsibility for her. Then, she switched the topic and said, "Mr. Solarius Senior, have you handled the figurine as I've instructed you to?"
"Yes, of course. I've put it away like you told me," Harry said, nodding.
Skylar's expression was somber. After a few moments of silence, she said, "Once I recover, I'll draw a talisman for you. Stick it onto the figurine. Then, hand it to me. I'll deal with it."
She was still capable of handling it as it wasn't an emerald statue. In addition, it was a tiny figurine that had been forgotten by Harry. If he'd admired and caressed it every day, she wouldn't be able to reverse the damage done. 
Harry would perish like Alexander's friend. She would be powerless to help.
###chapter591
"Alright, no problem. I'm not in a hurry. You should allow yourself time to recover," said Harry. 
Once Alexander heard that she could handle it, he told Skylar, "You're very talented, Skye." 
Skylar's face flushed from the praise. Out of the corner of her eye, she caught Joe looking at her. 
She thought of Joe's astonishment when she woke up. Had he been in the hospital for the past four days? 
… 
A few scenes were filmed in tourist spots. They were the best ones the country could offer. 
Natalie felt like she was on holiday as she stared at the gorgeous scenery before her. 
They'd gone to three places within four days of leaving Jipsburg. Every filming location showcased breathtaking beauty. 
Perhaps due to the stunning natural scenery she'd enjoyed, Natalie felt that her mindset had changed. She felt as though she'd been healed by it. 
"I'll be going overseas for an event next month. Can you come with me?" Austin asked. 
Natalie had been daydreaming. Upon hearing his question, she nodded enthusiastically. She said, "Of course, I'm your assistant. I'll go wherever you go." 
As a blue-collar worker, she had to think like one. Natalie couldn't take advantage of Austin's kindness to not carry out her tasks. 
This would disappoint Austin. She might even lose her job. In addition, she felt like she was getting paid to go on holiday.
Austin nodded and smiled. He replied, "Alright." 
A few feet away, a man in a black coat looked at them coldly. His gaze glinted cruelly. 
He made a phone call and ordered, "Since I've found her, take her back to Jipsburg." 
"Annabelle would like to speak to you, Mr. Hughes. Would you like to talk to her?" asked Tristan. 
Jeremy answered expressionlessly, "There's no need for that." 
Those simple words expressed his attitude toward Annabelle. 
Jeremy watched Natalie chat happily with Austin. He could hear her giggles from where he was standing. 
Austin… 
Jeremy narrowed his eyes. Austin was aiming to pursue Natalie. 
He cast his eyes downward and called Natalie. 
Although she'd muted her phone, she was holding it in hand. Natalie knew when someone called. 
Upon seeing that Jeremy was calling, her fingers trembled. Her smile froze on her face. 
Austin noticed her swift change in expression and followed her gaze. He saw Jeremy on the caller ID. 
Austin stood up and said, "I'll talk to the director about the next scene." 
Natalie nodded stiffly and replied, "Alright."
###chapter592
Natalie picked up the call. She said, "Hello?"
Jeremy stared intently at Natalie. He relaxed his clenched jaw when she picked up. He said, "Nath, it's time to go home."
It was time for her to return to his side. He did not want things to continue spiralling out of his control.
Natalie's eyes filled with tears. She questioned, "Home? Jeremy, haven't you thought things through? Our home is gone. It doesn't exist anymore." She had no idea how Jeremy could talk to her like nothing had happened. He pretended as though it had been but a nightmare.
However, it had happened.
"Jeremy, stop lying to yourself, alright? I can't get over it. Can't we have a peaceful separation? Don't call me before you think things through," Natalie pleaded. Tears slid down her face.
Only she knew the extent of agony she was going through. She would be in excruciating pain even if they got a divorce.
Jeremy's face paled slightly, "Natalie, we're not getting a divorce.
When Natalie heard that, helplessness gripped her. She bit her lip. Then, she insisted sternly, "I will never continue living with you. I can't lie to myself. When I look at you or even think of you, I recall your betrayal and that affair. I don't want to become a resentful wife. I'm set on divorcing you."
Natalie hung up immediately after. She felt weakness overcome her the second she did so.
The empty dial tones reminded Jeremy that Natalie was about to slip out of his grasp.
Austin saw Jeremy after talking to the director. There was a significant distance between them, and they couldn't see one another's expressions. However, as Austin turned to Jeremy, Jeremy also looked at him. Their eyes met, and hostility radiated from them.
Austin was calm. However, he was concerned for Natalie's wellbeing.
He hadn't expected Jeremy to find them here, but it was typical of him—indeed, he was a powerful man. If not, he wouldn't have been able to find them.
It solidified Jeremy's belief that Austin wanted Natalie for himself.
Jeremy pursed his lips tightly. He glanced at Austin's number saved in his phone. Tristan had given it to him. He called Austin.
"Austin, I'm Jeremy Hughes."
Austin raised a brow. He was surprised that Jeremy had his private number. He asked, "What's up, Mr. Hughes?"
Jeremy threatened lowly, "I'm giving you three days to fire Natalie."
Austin stared straight at Jeremy and smiled. He stated, "Natalie is responsible and hardworking. She's the best employee I've ever had in the past few years. I have no reason to fire her." 
"You're trying to take my wife from me. Do you know what has happened to the men in Jipsburg who have tried to do so?" asked Jeremy.
He could destroy Austin's life by lifting a finger.
However, he wasn't going to lower himself to the point where he took action against an actor.
Austin remained unfazed. He said, "Nath is not an . I cannot take her from you."
Despite his attraction to Natalie, he
knew he'd always be upfront about his feelings. A public pursuit was inevitable but now wasn't
Swn right
time. 
"If you've got nothing else to say to me, I'll be hanging up now, Mr. Hughes."
Jeremy was surprised by Austin's stubbornness. He chuckled lightly and warned, "Don't do things you'll regret."
Then, he hung up. Many people didn't know what was good for them.
Jeremy thought of Austin's name, which he had made for himself in the entertainment industry. It was something to be proud of. He'd been powerful for too long, which had resulted in his arrogance. 
Austin had forgotten how it felt to be the scum of the earth.
Jeremy called Tristan and instructed, "Find out what Austin has been up to recently. I want to ban him from the entertainment industry."
###chapter593
Skylar was hospitalized for three more days. Then, she was discharged, looking fit as a fiddle.
Alexander prohibited her from going to work. He gave her a few more days off.
In the following days, Skylar dealt with the phoenix figurine. She also called Janine to reassure her. Then, she found an excuse to dispel Janine's intentions of visiting her.
She only returned to Galaxy Villa at night. The next day, Joe headed to work early in the morning.
Skylar hadn't seen Gloria in a while and was planning to visit. Just as she was about to head out after tidying up, Joe returned home.
"Haven't you gone to work?" Skylar asked in surprise.
Joe noticed that Skylar had changed into going-out clothes. He raised an eyebrow and asked, "Are you going out?"
"I haven't visited Grandma Gloria at Pearlhall Residence in a while. I'm planning to pay her a visit," Skylar informed Joe as she put on her shoes. "I'll go with you," suggested Joe.
Skylar had no idea what he was trying to do. She asked, "Aren't you going to work?"
He hadn't gone to work in a week, yet he came back after an hour. This was a stark contrast to his work-addicted self.
"There's nothing I need to attend to at work," Joe said calmly.
Skylar didn't ask any further questions.
Lucas drove them there.
Initially, Skylar wanted to take a cab to the repair shop to collect her car, which had been ready for collection for days. However, she'd been too busy to go, and it looked like she could only go there tomorrow.
It was silent in the car. The two of them had no idea what to say. The atmosphere in the car seemed off.
They hadn't spoken much while Skylar was in the hospital. They had no idea what to say, even if they wanted to.
A sharp trill broke through the silence.
Joe accepted the call.
Jenny's voice rang out, "Joe, guess where I am now!"
It was evident that Jenny was in a great mood.
Skylar suddenly felt like it was time to ask Lucas to play some music The car was overly silent. Although Joe hadn't put the call on speaker, she could hear what Jenny was saying. 
Although she'd asked him to guess, the answer was evident.
She would be in the airport if Skylar hadn't guessed wrongly.
Joe asked emotionlessly, "Where are you?"
Jenny had asked him to guess. How could he ask for the answer outright?

Joe looked at Skylar. Suddenly, he grabbed her hand and pressed it under his palm, gently massaging it. Thei intertwined fingers made Skylar feel restless. 
Jenny hadn't expected Joe's impatience to drive him to ask immediately. After a moment of silence, she said unhappily, "I've
returned to Jipsburg, Joe. I ha
just
exited the plane and am waiting to get my baggage. Can you come pick me up, Joe?" 
Skylar's hand stiffened.
Joe was going to pick Jenny up, wasn't he?
Joe glanced at her hands and said, "I'm busy. I'll get Rowan to pick you up."
"You're busy?"
"Yes."
The call ended abruptly.
Joe gazed deeply at Skylar and asked, "Why's your hand still so cold?"
It was merely a minute improvement.
###chapter594
Skylar was stunned for a moment. She said, "I don't think so. I've always been like that. Your palm is probably too warm. Usually, a man's body temperature is often higher than that of a woman."
Why was Joe so hung up on the temperature of her hand?
Skylar asked, "Aren't you going to pick Jenny up?"
Joe replied expressionlessly, "Rowan will pick her up. Let's head to the Pearlhall Residence to see Grandma."
"Oh, alright."
In the airport, Jenny paled when Joe hung up on her.
"Busy? What could Joe be busy with? Shouldn't he be excited to see me as soon as possible?"
She'd never wanted Rowan to pick her up. She only wanted Joe to come. With that, it would be convenient for her to move into Galaxy Villa.
Jenny has been attending university in Korel City for the past four years. She hadn't returned once. She wanted Joe to visit her occasionally so that everyone in Jipsburg would know that she held a special place in Joe's heart.
She also knew that distance made the heart grow fonder. She wanted Joe's adoration for her to increase further.
However, she definitely hadn't done so for him to get married silently. There seemed to be a barrier between them, and it was even worse than when she'd been in Korel City.
Jenny's eyes welled up with tears. Even though she'd collected her baggage, she didn't walk out.
In the end, she gave in and called Rowan. She said, "Rowan, I'm back. Can you pick me up at the airport?"
Rowan arrived quickly.
The second Jenny saw Rowan, she fell into his arms, sobbing, "Rowan, Joe doesn't care about me anymore. I thought he'd be ecstatic to know I was back and would put everything away to pick me up. In the end, he hadn't come."
Rowan froze. He then consoled, "He's probably busy and doesn't have time to fetch you. Isn't it the same for me to pick you up?"
How was Joe better than him? Jenny fell for him despite knowing that they were impossible.
Jenny cried and shook her head. She
said, "I'm happy you've come to fetch me. However, I don't
understand how he's so calm
despite knowing I'm back. It's li
my arrival home is just another day in his life. I'm just a stranger to him. He used to treat me so well before Skylar came into the picture. Why has he become so cold toward me?" 
Skylar was the source of all this.
The second she saw Skylar in Korel City, she knew that things were about to change against her will.
In the end, everything turned out as she had expected.
Rowan sighed helplessly. He said, "Let's not think about that. It's useless and will affect your mood instead."
"I'll take you back to my place. I'll live somewhere else while you stay at mine. The renovations to your house will be done soon. I'll make sure the smelt is gone before you move back in 
Jenny nodded and agreed, "Alright, I'll do as you say."
This was her only option.
After getting into Rowan's car, Jenny suddenly changed her mind. She asked, "Can you take me to Pearlhatt Residence? I would like to see Mrs. Martin Senior. I haven't seen her in years. Since I'm back, I should visit her." 
Swnov
Rowan had no such ideas. He said, "Alright, I'll take the opportunity to visit her, too. I haven't seen her in a while, as well." Jenny continued, "Let's make a stop when we pass a mall to purchase some jewelry. Mrs. Martin Senior loves them."
Jenny had to lean into Gloria's wants.
After buying the jewelry, they set off toward Pearlhall Residence.
They heard joyful chatter as the helpers brought them into the mansion. Rowan and Jenny seldom heard Gloria laughing so uninhibitedly.
They heard a voice that sounded like Skylar. Was she present as well?
###chapter595
Jenny was shocked to see Skylar, Joe, and Gloria snacking on nuts while watching a variety show.
Was this the important matter that Joe said he would be dealing with?
She crumpled the beautiful bag in her hands.
"Jenny? When did you return to Jipsburg? Come here, and let me take a look at you."
Gloria looked up and saw Jenny and Rowan. She waved Jenny over.
Jenny came to her senses and smiled as she walked over. She greeted, "Mrs. Martin Senior."
Skylar followed Gloria's gaze. Her eyes met Jenny's. Skylar smiled and nodded at her.
Jenny's grin froze on her face.
She knew that Gloria had introduced Skylar to Joe. She must've been satisfied with Skylar.
Jenny knew that theoretically, but she hadn't met Skylar before. She realized that Gloria seemed as gentle and kind as any regular grandma with Skylar. Yet, Jenny had been scared of approaching Gloria since a young age.
Skylar casually carried herself with Gloria.
Skylar seemed to treat this mansion like her home. The more Jenny thought about it, the more uncomfortable she felt.
"Mrs. Martin Senior, didn't you see me? I came to visit you a while ago," Rowan teased as he walked over.
Rowan glanced at Joe and Skylar sitting together.
Just now, Joe's expression was gentle as he watched Skylar and Gloria chatting. Rowan had never seen that expression on him.
Clearly, Joe liked Skylar. He adored her, even.
Joe fixed Rowan with a cold glare.
Rowan noticed it. He cried for his innocence internally. How would he know that they were in Pearlhalf
Residence? If he'd known, he
would
e
've asked them beforehand. It was a coincidence. 
"Joe, Skylar."
Jenny greeted them nonchalantly after sitting down.
Joe nodded.
Skylar smiled lightly and asked, "Have you just returned from Korel City?"
"I came here immediately after getting off the plane," Jenny answered. She tried to maintain her grin, but she couldn't.
Then, she offered the beautiful bag to Gloria. She said, "I bought this gift for you. I hope you like it."
"Alright, thank you so much. You've put a lot of thought into this," Gloria said.
Rowan pitied Jenny. She looked horrible. He helped her by saying, "Won't you take a look? I helped her pick it."
Gloria glanced at him and asked, "Did you help as well?"
Gloria opened the bag and took the necklace out as she posed the question.
Gloria observed the glittering diamonds. The younger generation preferred this.
Gloria smiled and said, "You've got a great eye for jewelry. I like it very much."
"Why don't I help you put it on?" Jenny asked carefully.
bet
She wanted to appease Gloria, especially now. Jenny wanted to det her know that she could do anything Skylar could, and she also wanted Joe to see that. 
Gloria smiled and refused, "I've already got a necklace on me, so I'd rather not try it on. It's a rare
occasion for all of you to come to et
see me. Let's eat lunch here together. Some of you haven't had a meal prepared by our cooks for
ages. It's a good day to stay back and have a try." 
###chapter596
“Okay,” Jenny agreed hurriedly. 
When Jenny stayed back, Rowan also decided to follow in her footsteps. 
Skylar felt mildly regretful. She should’ve come in the afternoon. 
Skylar discreetly glanced at Joe. There were no emotions on his face. Her sixth sense began firing. She knew Jenny liked Joe. However, she didn’t know how Joe felt about her. 
Skylar pondered as she ate. 
Gloria wasn’t in the prime of her health. She went for a nap after 
lunch. 
As they were leaving, Jenny stared at Joe longingly in front of Pearlhall Residence. 
“Joe.” 
Rowan suddenly said to Skylar, “Skylar, I’ve got something to ask you. Is this a good time?” 
Skylar was unfazed. She replied, “Sure.” 
Rowan pulled his phone out. There were a few photos of antiques. He asked, “Take a look at these antiques for me. Should I add them to my collection? Are they worth collecting?” 
Skylar knew that Rowan was trying to give Joe and Jenny a chance to speak privately. Asking her whether there was any value in those antiques was merely an excuse. 
However, she always treated antiques seriously. She observed them thoroughly and missed out on what Joe and Jenny were talking about. 
When she was done looking, the two of them had finished their chat 
as well. 
As she left with Joe, Skylar saw that Jenny’s eyes were filled with tears. Had she been crying? 
They watched Rowan and Jenny leave before getting into their own 
car. 
Silence ensued between them on the way back to Galaxy Villa. 
“Does Mrs. Martin Senior not like me? Is that why Joe is keeping his distance from me? Joe did not use to behave like this before he got married,” sobbed Jenny. Tears rolled down her cheeks. 
Rowan swore when Jenny started crying. He advised, “The past is in the past. You should live in the present. Wake up, Jenny. Joe promised your mom that he would raise you till adulthood. 
“You’ve graduated from university, and you’re going to enter the workforce soon. He’s gotten married. Of course, things are different 
now.” 
In the past, he wouldn’t have been so harsh with her. 
However, Joe had made his stand clear. Skylar was the most important person to him. 
Compared to Jenny’s paranoia, Skylar remained calm from the second Jenny arrived until she left. 
Rowan would be darned if Skylar couldn’t see Jenny’s intention toward Joe. She was such an intelligent woman. 
Joe was keeping his distance from Jenny. Wasn’t it because he’d discovered Jenny’s feelings for him? 
Jenny seemed as though she’d woken up from a dream. She stared at 
5. T 
Rowan in disbelief and questioned, “Was this all just a promise he’d made with my mom? Had he treated me so well just to keep to a promise?” 
Rowan wanted to scold Jenny till the fog in her mind cleared up. He asked, “Did you think that Joe was a feelings–oriented man? Have you seen him waste time on romance? He’s seen all kinds of beautiful 
ladies.” 
“He only treats Skylar well because of Mrs. Martin Senior,” Jenny insisted stubbornly on her supposition. 
The corner of Rowan’s lips twitched. He said, “Men understand each other best. Today is a weekday. Joe is a work addict. Yet, he’s not working today. Instead, he accompanied Skylar to Pearhall Residence. 
“Do you think it’s as simple as visiting Mrs. Martin Senior? To my knowledge, Skylar visits Pearlhall Residence frequently, even without Joe’s company. He must’ve fallen for Skylar.” 
Jenny’s face was paler than a ghost,
###chapter597
Jenny probably hadn’t expected such a chaotic situation to await her on her first day back in Jipsburg. 
“Joe wouldn’t fall for someone so easily. In addition, Mrs. Martin Senior was responsible for this marriage. It wasn’t Joe’s choice,” Jenny argued. 
Rowan was speechless. He knew that nothing he said would be able to convince her otherwise. He’d give her time to make sense of things. When one locked themselves in a dead end, no one could help 
them. 
“I think Mrs. Martin Senior doesn’t like me. She didn’t even want to try the necklace I’d gifted her. 
“Rowan, would you think that I’m an unlikeable idiot? I’ve been thinking about this often. I’m just the daughter of a nanny. Many people must’ve been laughing at me and looking down on me in your circle. You… Do you secretly look down on me as well?” Jenny asked. Her face was devoid of color. 
There was something else she didn’t understand. 
Skylar had grown up in the countryside. Even if she did turn out to be from a wealthy family, her biological parents had gone bankrupt. Word on the street was that they were doing horribly for themselves. She came from a similar background as Jenny, right? 
Why did Gloria adore Skylar? 
She’d never seen Gloria so close to anyone else. She did not behave in that fashion, even with Joe. It was like she was Gloria’s biological granddaughter. 
Rowan’s heart throbbed. He parked their car by the roadside. 
Then, he scolded furiously, “Jenny Scott, you never used to behave like that! Look at what you’ve become. You’re a resentful woman who doesn’t dare to face reality. In addition, you’ve got extremely low self- 
esteem. 
“Is that really necessary? Can’t you survive without Joe? As long as I’m here with you, no one will dare to make fun of you! However, if you proceed down this road, I guarantee that you’ll be scorned by everyone. You’ll be the punchline of their jokes!” 
If he hadn’t known Jenny since they were children, he would’ve kicked her off the car without a second thought. 
Jenny came to her senses. Her face paled even further. 
Before leaving Jipsburg for university, she had been cheery, confident, and filled to the brim with self–love. 
“Indeed. I miss who I used to be as well.” 
She stared at the familiar yet alien scenery outside. 
When Rowan saw that Jenny had figured herself out, Rowan set off again. 
When they were halfway back to Galaxy Villa, Joe suddenly said, “Ask any questions you’ve got.” 
Skylar was confused by Joe’s sudden words. She asked, “What should I be asking?” 
“Don’t you want to know what Jenny told me?” Joe shot back. 
Skylar shook her head and replied, “I don’t need to. That’s your privacy. 
Skylar knew that she was nothing in front of Jenny. After all, she’d only known Joe for less than six months. 
Chops 507 
Joe glanced at Skylar, who seemed completely nonchalant. His gaze darkened as he unbuttoned the top two buttons of his blouse. He scanned Skylar and said, “I hope you’re not going to say that your didn’t realize Jenny has a crush on me?” 
If she hadn’t been able to tell, would she have kept her distance from him in Korel City? 
Skylar had no idea Joe would hash this out in the open. She said, “A woman’s sixth sense tends to be extremely accurate. I knew of her feelings for you the first time we met in Korel City.” 
“Don’t you want to know what I think of her?” Joe raised a brow. 
Skylar had kept her composure ever since she’d heard Jenny was back and when they met at Pearlhill Residence. 
Did she not care whether he liked other women
###chapter598
Skylar couldn’t get a read on Joe. She did not hide her true thoughts and said honestly, “I’m a bit curious. However, I respect your privacy.” 
He asked as though he would tell her his thoughts the second she interrogated him over it. 
In Skylar’s opinion, he wasn’t that easy to deal with. 
Joe’s furrowed eyebrows relaxed, “So you were curious.” 
Curiosity meant that she cared. 
“So?” Skylar waited for an answer. 
“I’ve kept to my promise. She has graduated from university and 
should be able to fend for herself. She’s nothing more than a responsibility to me.” 
He was completely honest with Skylar. No other women could attract his attention. Dozens of naked women had stood before him. He felt nothing for every single one of them. 
Skylar felt like a weight on her chest had been lifted. Her heart. seemed to start beating once more. She smiled. Galaxies shimmered 
in her eyes. 
“Aren’t you going to keep calling me Mr. Martin?” 
Her repeated mentions of “Mr. Martin” made fury rise within him. 
Those words had never seemed harsher. 
“Do you like me calling you ‘Mr. Martin‘?” Skylar immediately changed. Her eyes glinted cheekily like a mischievous fox. 
Joe’s throat tickled from her flirting. His gaze darkened. 
“Call me darling,” Joe said. He dragged her into his embrace. 
Skylar’s heart pounded. They were too close. She could hear his 
heartbeat. 
“Alright, darling. I’ll call you ‘darling‘ no matter where I go.” 
She guaranteed she could call him that until he grew annoyed at her. If he weren’t scared of letting their secret marriage be known to the public, she wouldn’t be afraid either. 
Joe’s gaze darkened further. His gaze fell, and he whispered into her ear, “If you call me darling whenever we’re in bed, I’ll give you anything you want.” 
Skylar’s heart quickened. They were in a car! 
“What can you give me?” She turned to meet his dark gaze. 
After a moment of silence, Joe sealed her lips with his. Between kisses, he mumbled, “My everything. 
“Including your heart?” Skylar asked internally. She didn’t verbalize it, nor was she given the time to. 
Lucas‘ face flushed as he drove. However, he pretended to be deaf and blind–he could hear and see nothing! 
The sun had finally come out after a storm! 
Gloria did not nap for too long back in Pearlhall Residence. 
###chapter599
Gloria rested for 20 minutes. Sleep evaded her despite her trying her best to fall asleep. 
Gloria asked Edgar to brew a pot of tea for her. 
Edgar noticed something off about her while drinking tea. He asked, ” Why do I feel like there’s something on your mind?” 
Gloria was clearly overjoyed to have Joe and Skylar over. The house had been bustling with activity, making it extremely lively. However, why did she seem so burdened with worries once they left? 
Gloria took a sip of her tea. She frowned before saying, “Did you notice anything from Rowan and Jenny’s visit today?” 
Edgar was momentarily stunned. He then realized what was going on. 
He could also sense Gloria’s thoughts. After all, he’d been taking care of her for decades. Under her influence, his perception had sharpened. He could tell what people were thinking. 
“I’m going to be honest with you, Mrs. Martin Senior. I can tell that Jenny likes Mr. Martin. I didn’t think much of it when she was young. Some of her thoughts have become evident now that she has grown up. She’s clearly jealous of Mrs. Martin. However, I’m sure you’ve. definitely realized,” said Edgar. 
Gloria nodded and replied, “You’re fight. Skye is a kind–hearted and intelligent woman. How could she miss it? She definitely feels sad about it.” 
“Joe has made his stand clear. He has kept his distance from Jenny. Mrs. Martin probably won’t think much of it. Only Jenny might be confounded. She probably feels wronged by how Mr. Martin
keeps his distance from her.” Although Edgar had been silent, he’d seen 
everything behind the scenes. 
Gloria harrumphed. She said, “I’ll give Joe credit for knowing what to do and what not to. If he dares betray Skylar, I won’t let him get away 
with it. 
“I watched Jenny grow up. She looks na?ve and trusting, but she gets jealous easily. Because, of her jealousy, she might make mistakes. Don’t let her hurt Skylar.” 
“Don’t worry, Mrs. Martin Senior. I’m sure Mr. Martin will make the necessary arrangements. In addition, Mrs. Martin won’t be easily bullied, as her personality shows. If she’s treated properly and everything goes well, Skylar will welcome them with open arms. 
“If they were shameless enough to offend her, she would attack mercilessly. She wouldn’t let herself be pushed around.” 
Gloria grinned and rolled her eyes at Edgar. She joked, “Look at that description of yours. Skylar’s personality is exactly what I like.” 
“Take care of your health, Mr. Martin Senior. As to everything else, Mr. Martin and Mrs. Martin will sort themselves out,” continued Edgar. 
Gloria nodded and said, “The younger generations have their own brand of happiness. I’ll let this go. There’s no point in dwelling upon 
this.” 
A few days later, Austin was removed from a few events he’d been invited to for a host of absurd reasons. 
These organizers had begged Austin to attend their event multiple times. 
Hank had been an agent in the entertainment industry for many years. He’d noticed something off about what was happening. 
“Someone is targeting you. They want to ban you from the 
entertainment industry.” 
Austin was reclined on a couch while reading. Three days‘ worth of events had been canceled, but he wasn’t bothered. He could event 
guess who was behind this. 
When Hank saw that Joe was unbothered, he asked, “Do you know something?” 
“Don’t be so nervous. How would it be so easy to ban me? 
Coincidentally, I’ve been exhausted recently. I could use this as an opportunity to take a break. He won’t be able to touch my international events and movie roles,” said Austin calmly. 
Did this mean Austin knew who it was? Hank pressed on, “Who is it? Give me a hint. I’ve been in the entertainment industry for such a long time. Most people tend to show me deference. However, no one has disclosed any information about this to me. 
“This means that the person who wants to kick you out of the 
industry is a powerful man in Jipsburg. Hey… Wait, I think I know who it is. It isn’t Jeremy Hughes, is it?” 
Austin softly hummed in acknowledgment. 
Hank’s eyes widened. He asked, “Is it really him? Why is he banning you for no reason? Natalie found out about his affair. That’s between the two of them. What does it have to do with you?” 
“Initially, it had nothing to do with me. He asked me to fire Natalie. I disagreed,” said Austin. 
Hank swore. He scolded, “He’s too controlling, isn’t he? What’s he trying to do? Is he trying to force Natalie back to his side? I knew that Natalie wouldn’t be able to divorce him easily. 
“Now what? He’s trying to ban you from the industry. You might not be able to remain in the country.” 
Austin said calmly, “No, I’ll take a rest for now.” 
“Fuck! You’re completely unbothered. I’m the only one who’s going out of my mind with worry, am I?” Hank was furious. 
As the two of them chatted, no one noticed Natalie standing by the door. They had forgotten that this was their office, not his home. 
###chapter600
The color drained from Natalie’s face. 
The two of them realized something after the fact. They looked toward the door at the same time. 
When they saw Natalie’s pale face, Austin’s expression turned somber. He put his book away and walked over. He said, “Natalie, I’ll handle this. You don’t have to worry about it.” 
Natalie’s mind was entirely blank. She replied, “I didn’t know he would ask you to do so. I’m sorry. I hadn’t dealt with my own matters. properly and dragged you into this.” 
“This has nothing to do with you,” Hank consoled. 
This had to do with Austin’s career. It was a more serious issue than 
they’d expected. 
“I’m sorry,” Natalie said. She was overwhelmed with guilt. 
She knew how important Austin’s acting career was to him. As one of his fans who’d liked him for years, she knew more than anyone else. how Austin had gotten to where he is today. Yet, everything he’d built for himself might be destroyed because of her. 
Austin frowned and consoled, “It’s not that serious. I don’t need you. to apologize. This has nothing to do with you.” 
Hank rubbed his nose. How could it have nothing to do with Natalie? 
If Austin hadn’t wanted Natalie for himself, would Jeremy have taken action against him? Everything happened for a reason. 
Natalie shook her head and mumbled, “Sorry, I’ll take my leave now.” 
She ran away immediately. Austin couldn’t stop her in time. 
fr 600 
Hank couldn’t help but say, “Who knows how Jeremy would treat Natalie? I don’t understand. Men who cheat usually don’t like their wives anymore. Why do I feel like Jeremy about Natalie deeply? If he loved her, why would he cheat on her? Just to feel the rush brought on by a new relationship?” 
As a man, he could understand. 
cares 
Austin’s face turned serious. Turning back to Hank, he asked, “When did you become so talkative?” 
“I’ve always been like this. It’s not like you didn’t know.” 
“From now onward, shut up.” 
Silence ensued. 
Natalie caught a cab to Hughes Group. 
She could count the number of times she’d come here on two hands! 
In the past, she’d visit with anticipation and love. This time, she came with anger and uncontrollable hatred. 
“Mrs. Hughes?” 
All the employees who saw Natalie were surprised. They seldom saw her in the office in the morning as Jeremy would usually be in meetings at this hour. 
Natalie found it ironic that she was being called Mrs. Hughes. She said to the employees, “I’m looking for Mr. Hughes. You don’t have to follow me around.” 
“Alright.” 
Natalie took an elevator straight to Jeremy’s office. 
She was livid, but she wouldn’t throw a tantrum while Jeremy was in a 
meeting. Jeremy could be as shameless as he wanted to be, but 
Natalie wouldn’t sink to his level. 

###chapter601
When Natalie arrived at Jeremy’s office, she surveyed the grand and imposing space with a look of pure sarcasm. As she stood in the center of the room, she couldn't help but imagine the scenes of Jeremy’s secret encounters with Annabelle that had likely taken place within these very walls.
Half an hour later, Jeremy finished his meeting. Upon learning that Natalie was waiting for him, he hurried back.
Natalie turned around as Jeremy walked in and closed the door. Her expression was ice-cold. “Jeremy, you never fail to shock me. No matter how ruthless your business tactics or how questionable your personal affairs are, you have no right to involve innocent people. Our issues were always between us, yet you chose to betray our marriage and drag others into the mess.”
Seeing her anger, Jeremy’s face tightened, his muscles tensing under his suit. “Did you come here just for Austin?”
Natalie’s eyes flashed with disdain. “If it weren't for that, I would never set foot in this building again.” She pointed toward the leather couch. “Do you know why I waited for thirty minutes without sitting down? Because I can only imagine how you and Annabelle occupied this office behind my back.”
Jeremy’s face turned pale, the veins on his forehead bulging. “Nath, everything in the past is over.”
“No, the traces remain,” she countered. “The affair between you and Annabelle is etched into my mind. Don’t you understand? No matter who you target or how you try to force me back, it won't change the fact that I find you repulsive. Just being in this office makes me feel suffocated.”
Natalie’s face was flushed with rage, her red lips trembling. “Jeremy, we can never go back. Leave my friends alone. If anything happens to them because of your petty jealousy, I’ll never forgive you.”
Jeremy’s face was ashen, his hands clenched into fists. “As long as you resign from that position, it doesn't matter whether you come home or not.” He could only bring himself to concede this much.
“You are so despicable,” Natalie yelled, her eyes welling with tears. “Do you know what you’re taking from me? You are stripping away the only passion I have left. I realize now that you never truly understood me. You only love yourself! Did you think I would come crawling back to you just because I lost my job? That I have no way to survive without depending on you?”
In that moment, Natalie felt a profound wave of regret. She regretted ever falling in love with him, and she regretted the day she said "I do."
Jeremy’s brow furrowed deeply. “It’s not as you think. Do you realize that Austin has feelings for you? I won't allow anyone to keep you close just to pursue their own intentions.”
Natalie let out a self-deprecating laugh. “Don't make this a joke, Jeremy. Mr. Powell looks after me as a professional and a fan. He doesn't have a hidden agenda. Do you think everyone is as obsessed with those things as you are? He is solely focused on his career.”
“Natalie, you don’t understand men at all.” Jeremy’s forehead twitched with frustration. In his eyes, she was too naive to realize how well men could hide their true nature. “Listen to me. Stay away from Austin. No matter what you want to do next, I will support you financially—just not there.”
Natalie felt as though the air had been sucked out of the room. “Jeremy, I hate you.”
The rest of her words vanished. She knew it was useless to argue further. Natalie turned and left the office with decisive steps.
“Nath…” Jeremy reached out, trying to catch her arm.
Natalie sidestepped him quickly, running out the door as if he were a monstrous threat. Jeremy stood there, feeling the weight of her intense resistance and the devastating blow his infidelity had dealt to her trust.
After a long silence, Jeremy’s expression returned to a cold mask. He picked up the phone and called Tristan. “There’s no need to continue blacklisting Austin Powell.”
He believed that, given enough time, Natalie would eventually understand his "protection."
“Understood, sir.”

When Skylar received Natalie’s call, there was nothing but silence on the other end of the line.
“Nath? Where are you?” Skylar asked, her voice filled with concern.

###chapter602
The intermittent sound of Natalie’s crying came from the phone. Her restrained sobs tugged at Skylar’s heart. 
“Nath?” Skylar waited patiently for Natalie to calm down. 
After a while, Natalie finally spoke. “Skye, I’m going to resign.” 
Skylar knew how much Natalie loved her job. She asked, “Why the sudden decision to quit?” 
“Jeremy is a bastard! He went after Mr. Powell.” 
“Have you talked to Jeremy?” Skylar asked, furrowing her brows. 
Natalie’s tone remained calm. “I just left his office. I tried to reason with him, but he wouldn’t listen. Don’t worry about me. I’m going to find Mr. Powell now.” 
“Take care of yourself.” 
“Okay.” 
Natalie sat by the roadside. When she got up, she felt a bit dizzy. It was likely because she had cried for too long. She hailed a cab, and while on the road, Kate suddenly called. 
“Mom?” 
Since learning about Jeremy’s affair, Natalie hadn’t called home. Perhaps it was a subconscious fear. She wanted to escape. Besides, she wasn’t sure how to explain it to her parents. 
“I fought with your father today, so I’m coming over to stay at your place for a few days. I could use the opportunity to take care of you as well. What’s been going on with you lately? Why haven’t you been coming home to visit us?” Kate said in a flurry. 
Natalie bit her lip. “Mom, it’s not convenient right now. Dad will calm you down soon, and I can look after myself. I’ve been very busy lately, going on a lot of business trips. I’ll come visit you and Dad once. things settle down.” 
“I’m at your place. No matter how busy you are, you still need to come. home and rest in Jipsburg City at night, right? I’ve cooked dinner, and I’m waiting for you. I called Jeremy, and he agreed to let me come over,” Kate said, not giving Natalie a chance to refuse further before hanging up. 
Natalie felt anxious and frustrated. She tried to call Kate back, but 
she didn’t answer. 
Staring out at the familiar streets, Natalie had never felt so lost. 
During Skylar’s lunch break, she received a message from Paul. 
“Mrs. Martin, Mr. Martin is very busy today, so he asked me to book a restaurant. I’m sending you the address.” 
The message was followed by a location pin for a restaurant. 
Looking at the restaurant’s location, Skylar felt dazed. Then she realized that when Joe was with her, he would accommodate her eating habits. 
Some details she had overlooked before now seemed significant. 
It dawned on her that Joe was not as indifferent as she had initially thought. 
Over the past few days, they had been getting along well at home. They had deliberately avoided discussing certain topics and had chosen not to bring them up. 
As she was lost in thought, Edgar called. “Mrs. Martin, Mrs. Martin 
Chapte’s b 
Senior asked me to inform you not to come to Pearlhall Residence today. She suggested that you and Mr. Martin celebrate his birthday 
on your own.” 
In previous years, Joe’s birthday had always been celebrated with Gloria at the Pearlhall Residence. 
Gloria wanted Joe and Skylar to enjoy a more intimate celebration this year. 
“His birthday?” Skylar responded reflexively, then suddenly 
remembered something. 
She remembered that today was indeed Joe’s birthday. She had seen his identity card number when they got their marriage certificate. 
“Yes, today is Mr. Martin’s birthday,” Edgar said. He worried that their relationship hadn’t made much progress. 
###chapter603
Edgar felt concerned when he realized that Joe hadn't mentioned his birthday to Skylar.
After a moment, Edgar sighed again. "Mr. Martin is rather pitiful. He's only celebrated with Mrs. Martin Senior. But this year, you'll be with him."
It was indeed a heart-wrenching story. Edgar felt quite clever for his insight.
Skylar replied, "We have a reservation tonight. Thanks for the reminder, Edgar. We won't see Mrs. Martin Senior tonight, then."
After ending the call, Skylar chose a gift at the mall across the street during her lunch break.
The mall was filled with a dazzling array of items- men's clothing, bags, and more. She was at a loss about what to get Joe for his birthday.
She might have had more time to select something thoughtful if she had known two days in advance.
Joe's clothing was all custom-made. Suddenly, she spotted a pair of matching couple's loungewear in the display. The loungewear featured adorable deer embroidery on the front.
She wondered what it would be like if she and Joe wore matching loungewear at home. In fact, she wondered what Joe would look like in such loungewear. It was hard to imagine, so Skylar bought it on a whim.
Since loungewear couldn't serve as the main birthday gift, she also bought a ring that could be engraved on the spot. She chose a design featuring a flower symbolizing safety and engraved "Happy Birthday" on it.
The craftsmanship of the jeweler was impressive. The drawing was almost identical to the one she had made.
The gift wasn't expensive, but it was heartfelt.
Natalie returned to the studio. Everyone else had been given a day off by Austin. Only Austin and Hank were present.
"Sorry, Mr. Powell, Hank. I'm here to resign."
Natalie had prepared a lot to say. However, when the time came, she found herself at a loss. The resignation sounded very awkward as it came out. "Resign?" Hank immediately looked at Austin.
Austin's cold and serious face revealed a hint of profoundness. "Natalie, I've said that his blacklist won't affect me. This matter will be resolved in time. You don't need to resign out of guilt." 
Austin wondered what Jeremy had said to Natalie after her visit. He had turned a bright woman like her into someone so downcast.
Hank wasn't sure where Austin's confidence came from. But over the past two years, he had sensed that Austin seemed to be hiding a secret that had been kept for over a decade.
Even Austin couldn't guess what it was, but he felt there were subtle hints of it.
"Listen to Mr. Powell. There's no
need to resign. Mr. Powell is taking a break right now. Besides, if you leave now, it could affect his performance at upcoming events abroad, Hank said, trying to persuade her 
Hank thought, "One shouldn't fear power, right?"
Natalie stared at the two people in front of her. "Mr. Powell, if I stay, no one in the industry here will dare to cast you in a film."
To Austin, acting was everything. Without roles to play, it would be extremely unfair to him.
"I can't let your career suffer because of me. I can't be that selfish. Besides, personal issues have already affected my work. I really shouldn't stay. I'm truly sorry."
Austin knew Natalie was determined
to leave. After a moment of silence, he said, "I won't accept your resignation, but you can take a
month off. Use this month to sort out your issues. As for Hank and me,
our careers will turn around within this month. You can come back then." 
"Yes, take a month off," Hank immediately echoed.
He then sneaked a glance at Austin and mused over the statement. A month? Austin must be very confident to provide such a precise time frame.
Natalie could only agree. Besides, there was another troublesome matter waiting for her next.
###chapter604
After leaving the studio, Natalie went back to her apartment. She tried calling Kate repeatedly but received no answer. 
She figured Kate must have sensed something. Otherwise, she wouldn’t have insisted so strongly on her return. This was indeed problematic. 
Meanwhile, Jeremy came home early at Hughes Residence, before his usual time. 
Kate had already arrived and was sitting in the living room, waiting for them to come back. She wasn’t surprised to see Jeremy come back early. 
“Mom,” Jeremy greeted. 
Kate sighed and looked at Jeremy, who was sitting across from her. “Have some water first. There are a few things I want 
to ask you.” 
Her phone was beside her. She had multiple missed calls from Natalie. 
Jeremy took a few sips of water, then set down the glass and 
looked at Kate. 
“Is there something going on between you and Nath? Did she move out?” Kate asked directly. 
She had seen Natalie living in her pre–marriage apartment, which Kate and Natalie’s father, Damon Jakeman, had 
purchased. Natalie wouldn’t have moved out if nothing had 
happened between her and Jeremy. 
Natalie’s recent behavior had been off. She was adamant about going back to work. 
Kate should have thought more deeply about the situation between Natalie and Jeremy then. 
Natalie and Jeremy had grown up together, so Kate was confident in Jeremy’s character. She had trusted him wholeheartedly with Natalie. 
However, Natalie and Jeremy seemed to have encountered some problems. As an observant elder, Kate knew she couldn’t just stand by and do nothing. 
Jeremy nodded solemnly. He said, “Mom, there’s been a 
problem between us. It’s my fault.” 
“Your fault?” Kate stared at Jeremy, a sense of unease 
creeping into her mind as she vaguely realized something was 
wrong. 
She knew Natalie well. If it weren’t something serious, Natalie 
would never have moved out. 
“A while ago, I had an affair with my secretary,” Jeremy 
admitted honestly. 
Kate’s expression changed as she stood up abruptly. She looked at Jeremy with disbelief. She thought she knew him well. “An affair? Jeremy, you had an affair? Nath only left home after discovering your affair, didn’t she?” 
“Yes.” 
コ 
Kate staggered slightly. She felt dizzy. “Do you not love Nath anymore? How could you be so foolish? You know she has zero tolerance for this. Are you planning to divorce her? Or did you force her to move out?” 
She ignored Natalie’s calls earlier, thinking it was just a minor disagreement between them. She had no idea Natalie was going through such a traumatic experience. 
“Mom, there’s no excuse for my affair, but I don’t want to divorce Nath. If you trust me, please let me explain everything. I’ll tell you the whole story,” Jeremy said sincerely. 
Kate’s head ached, and her eyes reddened as she looked at Jeremy. “Clarify the whole situation?” 
If Jeremy didn’t want a divorce, then it meant Natalie did. Kate knew Natalie well enough to understand that she couldn’t tolerate such betrayal. 
But she also wanted to know why Jeremy cheated. He once loved Natalie so deeply and promised to treat her well for the rest of his life. Yet, barely a year into their marriage, he betrayed her. 
Meanwhile, Skylar arrived at the restaurant first. She had bought fresh flowers and balloons on the way and had hired someone to help with decorations. 
The restaurant staff also helped out. What would normally take an hour to set up was done in just half an hour. 
After the staff left, Skylar looked around and nodded in 
approval. “Perfect birthday atmosphere,” she said. 
###chapter605
With half an hour left before the scheduled time, Skylar took the opportunity to sit down and relax. She checked her phone and noticed a missed call from Natalie ten minutes ago. The noise and music around her earlier must have drowned out the ringtone. 
Skylar redialed, and after a few rings, Natalie answered. 
“Nath, I didn’t hear my phone earlier,” Skylar began. 
“Mr. Powell didn’t agree to my resignation. He’s given me a month off instead. I’m surprised he didn’t blame me and insisted I stay. I feel very guilty,” Natalie said quietly. 
Her tone revealed her feelings of dejection. 
“Is it ahead?” the cab driver suddenly asked Natalie. 
Skylar heard the driver’s question and asked, “Nath, where are you?” 
“Yes, it’s just up ahead,” Natalie replied to the driver first. 
Then she put her phone back to her ear. “I’m in a cab heading back to the house Jeremy and I share. My mom is waiting there. There are things I can’t keep hidden any longer. 
“I think it’s time to be honest with them. It might be better if both our parents knew about this. Maybe Jeremy and I can stop dragging this out.” 
Skylar wasn’t sure how to advise Natalie on what decision to 
make or how to proceed. 
Ultimately, it was Natalie’s decision. 
“I believe your parents will support whatever decision you make, Nath. Make sure to stay calm when you see Jeremy. Decisions made in a calm state of mind are less likely to be regretted,” Skylar advised gently. 
Natalie forced a smile, trying to appear more relaxed. “I’ve 
been thinking about it seriously I’m almost there, so I have to hang up. I’ll sort things out this month, and we can catch up later. Don’t worry about me.” 
After the call, Skylar stared blankly at her phone. So much had happened lately, and Natalie and Jeremy’s situation was 
unfortunate. If Annabelle hadn’t manipulated Jeremy, he probably wouldn’t have cheated. He should have resisted the temptation even if his feelings for Natalie weren’t strong. 
A text message broke her out of her thoughts. 
Joe texted, “I’ve arrived, and I’m downstairs.” 
Skylar had asked the staff not to reveal her arrival, so she replied, “Go up. I’ll be there in ten minutes.” 
To avoid being seen, she parked across the street. Her small car would be too conspicuous in front of the restaurant. 
“I’m waiting downstairs.” 
“Don’t wait for me. ‘Go ahead and order the food so that it’s ready when I arrive. I’m starving,” Skylar texted, feeling a bit exasperated. She wouldn’t have said anything previously since waiting
downstairs or upstairs made no difference to her. 
“Got it.” 
Skylar breathed a sigh of relief. Meanwhile, Joe headed into 
the restaurant. 
Joe walked toward the elevator. At the same time, someone else was heading upstairs. 
Joe’s cold gaze briefly scanned the newcomer, and his expression shifted slightly when he recognized him. 
It was Charles. 
Charles was looking at his phone. He knew someone else was in the elevator, but he had not paid much attention to who it 
was. 
Sensing that the person was looking at him, he turned around sharply. 
He was momentarily stunned to see Joe. He had seen Joe in interviews with Annie before. 
Claim Bonus For Free Every
###chapter606
Charles had seen Joe before and recognized him as someone who could easily succeed in the entertainment industry. However, he couldn’t shake the feeling that he’d seen Joe in a more personal setting, though the memory eluded him. 
They didn’t know each other, so Charles remained silent. 
“Are you here with the crew?” 
Joe’s unexpected question caught Charles off guard. He widened his eyes and glanced around but saw no one else, confirming that Joe was indeed speaking to him. He belatedly nodded. “Yes.” 
He had heard that Joe was hard to approach. It seemed 
strange for someone who was supposedly difficult to talk to to initiate a conversation with a stranger. 
Charles wondered if Joe followed shows. He didn’t seem like the type to be a fan of TV series. Charles had also heard rumors that Joe had no woman around him and sent away those who approached him. Could it be… 
The thought of Joe’s rumored aversion to women caused goosebumps to prickle his skin. He rubbed his arm, glancing at the screen. Why was it taking so long to reach the sixth floor? 
Joe, used to seeing others fear him, assumed that Charles was afraid of him. Given that Charles was Skylar’s brother, he subtly softened his demeanor. “ll cover the bill for your table.” 
Charles‘ eyes widened in shock, and he averted his gaze from Joe, his goosebumps prickling even more. 
Joe was a major figure in Jipsburg City, someone he couldn’t afford to offend. If he couldn’t provoke him, he should at least avoid him. 
He said, “Oh, no. That’s not necessary. We’re being treated by the male lead actor today. I can’t take the spotlight away. But thank you.” 
After Charles awkwardly said “thank you“, the elevator arrived at his floor. As soon as the elevator doors opened, he darted out. 
Joe raised an eyebrow, puzzled by his actions. He wondered if he was really that intimidating. He made a mental note to ask Skylar about how Charles had broken into the entertainment. industry. He looked like a frightened mouse whenever he saw 
him. 
Joe made his way to the private room. When he opened the door, the sight inside stopped him in his tracks. 
“Happy birthday!” Skylar greeted him with a radiant smile. ” Surprised? Didn’t expect it, did you?” 
For a brief moment, Joe’s expression faltered. His emotions visibly shifted as he looked at Skylar. There was an unfamiliar light in his eyes that gradually warmed his heart. 
“How did you know today was my birthday?” he asked. His gaze solely focused on her. 
Skylar grinned. “I figured it out with a bit of calculation.” 
She then revealed a delicate jewelry box from behind her back. “Here’s your birthday gift. I didn’t have much time to prepare, so it’s not perfect. I hope you don’t mind.” 
Joe looked at the small jewelry box in Skylar’s hands. His movements were stiff as he took it from her. 
Skylar waited expectantly for a few minutes, but Joe still hadn’t opened the gift. “Go ahead, open it,” she urged. 
She was eager to see his reaction. Ever since she was young, she had loved receiving gifts from her brothers. Her birthday presents, whether a drawing, a frog, or a fish, were always 
varied and cherished. 
Her love for celebrating her birthdays stemmed from Steven, Charles, and Harvey always singing to her on those special days. 
Joe slowly and carefully unwrapped the box as if it contained something very precious. Inside lay a ring. The platinum ring had a very simple design. 
“Take a look inside. Other rings didn’t have the option for engraving, so I chose this one,” Skylar explained to Joe. 
Skylar felt a bit nervous about giving gifts. She genuinely wanted to see if Joe appreciated her thoughtfulness. 
Joe took out the ring and examined the engraving Skylar had mentioned. It featured a quaint flower pattern along with the words “Happy Birthday“. 
###chapter607
Joe ran his thumb over the engraving. It had a slight texture but wouldn’t scratch the skin. Instead, a subtle energy seemed to flow through his fingertip. 
“I designed this pattern and had the jeweler carve onto it. It resembles a symbol of good fortune, representing protection. and safety,” Skylar’s soft, gentle voice described the meaning behind the pattern. 
Joe’s heart fluttered. It felt as if he had sipped on a fine, aged wine. For a moment, he felt a bit dazed. 
Skylar certainly knew how to win hearts–especially his. She knew how to please him. His deep gaze shifted from the ring to Skylar. “This is the best birthday gift I’ve ever received.” 
Skylar looked into Joe’s eyes. Her reflection shimmered within 
them. 
Her heart skipped a beat. 
Natalie stood before the villa, once dreaming it would be her forever home. It was meant to be a place filled with the laughter and joy of her beloved husband and child. 
But that dream crumbled before it had even begun. Her feet felt like they were burdened with lead as she stood there, and each step she took was heavy with pain. 
She had promised herself never to return, but now she was 
accompanied by the pain Jeremy had caused 
her. As she pushed open the door and stepped inside, her face went pale. Her mother was not there. The once–grand villa now only held Jeremy. 
Jeremy watched her intently and said, “Nath, welcome home.” 
Natalie stiffened. After a few minutes, she asked in a strained voice, “Where’s my mother?” 
Jeremy walked toward Natalie slowly; his feelings for her were evident in his eyes. 
Natalie lowered her head at the sight of him. His gaze, once filled with love, used to bring her joy. Now, she no longer 
desired his late affection. 
As Natalie averted her eyes, Jeremy’s gaze darkened. 
“She left ten minutes ago. She didn’t want to disturb us and hoped we could talk things over. Nath, we really need to have a serious conversation. Let’s discuss everything openly in our home. Can you please listen to me first?” Jeremy spoke gently. He patiently coaxed Natalie. 
His familiar tenderness still had the power to soften her heart. It made her remember how he had once been her treasure. But his late affection only served to deepen her pain now. 
Natalie’s eyes reddened as she asked, “Jeremy, did my mother find out what happened?” 
Jeremy must have confided everything to Kate, or else Kate wouldn’t have left them alone to talk. It meant Kate had 
forgiven him, and Jeremy’s confidence in insisting on this 
conversation–made sense. 
Natalie felt a wave of isolation and helplessness. 
Jeremy nodded. “Yes, she knew everything.” 
“Jeremy, could you please stop bullying me? Don’t you think you’ve already hurt me enough?” Natalie’s tone was soft, 
devoid of anger or accusation. 
Jeremy felt a sharp pain in his chest. “I’m sorry. Hurting you was never my intention. Do you want to know why Mom forgave me? Do you want to understand why I cheated? Natalie, we need to talk through everything from start to finish. Otherwise, neither of us will be able to move on.” 
Natalie stared at Jeremy, her expression vacant. “Alright.” 
###chapter608
An hour later, Natalie’s ears were still ringing. The harsh reality lay bare before her—a truth she had never imagined. Annabelle had orchestrated a calculated scheme against Jeremy. If it hadn't been for the similar, bizarre stories Skylar had shared, Natalie might not have believed a single word.
Overwhelmed and dazed, her mind raced, unable to find a single point of focus. Jeremy remained silent, his eyes intently tracing every shift in her expression.
“So, Jeremy, you want me to know you’re the victim, right? Yes, you are indeed the victim,” Natalie said, finally rising to her feet. But because he was the victim of a setup, her heart ached even more deeply than it had before.
Jeremy’s gaze remained fixed on her, noting her inner turmoil and the way her fists were clenched so tightly her knuckles were white. If he could, he would never have wanted to see her struggle like this.
“I’m sorry, Nath,” Jeremy apologized, his voice hoarse and strained.
That apology only deepened Natalie’s anguish. It felt as though the air was being squeezed out of her lungs, her throat burning as if scorched by a dry heat.
“I need time to digest this,” Natalie managed to say. She needed to escape; the walls of the Hughes residence felt like they were closing in on her. This time, Jeremy didn’t move to stop her from leaving.
As Natalie stumbled away, Jeremy felt as if his own heart were being torn apart. He glanced at the evidence on the table—reminders of a betrayal that was as unwanted as it was devastating. Picking up his phone, his voice turned ice-cold as he made a call.
“Has Annabelle’s stepfather arrived?”
The voice on the other end responded immediately, “He arrived in Jipsburg City this morning, sir.”
“Hand Annabelle over to him,” Jeremy instructed, his tone devoid of mercy.
“Yes, Mr. Hughes.”

Natalie fled the house and hailed a cab, her mind a blur of static. As if sensing her distress, Kate called her.
“Nath, I’ve heard about everything that’s happened,” Kate said gently, her tone filled with maternal concern.
Both Natalie and Jeremy were suffering deeply—one forced into a devastating mistake, the other forced to endure the fallout of a betrayal. Seeing them in this position made Kate’s heart ache. On her own way home, she felt a tight clenching in her chest for her daughter.
Natalie finally broke, bursting into tears as the taxi sped through the city.
“Nath, I know you’re hurting right now. Jeremy didn’t explain everything before because he feared this exact reaction, but he is suffering too,” Kate said softly. She understood how harsh that might sound to someone who had been betrayed, but the reality of the situation was undeniably complex.
Natalie stifled her sobs, staring at the darkening sky through the car window. “Mom, I just need some time to think.”
“Take all the time you need. If living alone is too hard, come back home for a while. Nath, promise me you’ll talk to me if anything comes up, okay?” Kate’s voice was laden with worry.
Natalie could sense that Kate hoped for a reconciliation. Perhaps many would advise her to forgive him if they knew the full story—that Jeremy still loved her deeply and was consumed by remorse. His suffering mirrored her own. However, she couldn’t simply erase the images from her mind. She couldn't forget the sight of Jeremy with a stranger, a memory that made him feel like someone she no longer knew.
With those images etched into her mind, returning to him seemed like an impossible mountain to climb. Natalie remained lost in the turmoil, searching for an answer that wasn't there.

###chapter609
As Natalie stepped into her apartment, her phone began to vibrate. It was Austin.
“Mr. Powell,” Natalie answered. The moment she spoke, she realized how hoarse her voice sounded. The tears she had shed on the way home had left her throat raw and sore.
Hearing her raspy tone, Austin furrowed his brow, a wave of concern washing over him. He could sense immediately that she had endured something traumatic today. “Have you been crying, Natalie?” he asked gently.
Natalie felt her resolve crumbling. Her eyes welled up again, but she desperately wanted to shield him from her turmoil. She already felt guilty enough for how much her personal life had affected his career.
“No, it’s likely just a cold. I’m fine,” Natalie lied, her voice trembling. “I’ve already taken some medicine and I’m feeling a bit drowsy. I think I’ll just sleep it off. Please don’t worry about me, Mr. Powell.”
Austin remained silent for a few heartbeats before finally responding. “Rest well, then. If you need anything—anything at all—call me. Don’t push yourself too hard.”
Hearing his steady, supportive voice, Natalie’s nose tingled with suppressed emotion. “Okay,” she whispered before hanging up. Alone in the quiet of her apartment, self-doubt began to consume her. She couldn’t understand why life seemed to be playing such a cruel, relentless joke on her. It wasn’t funny; it was exhausting.

In a starkly different atmosphere, a piping hot stew and a sweet, delicate cake were being served in a cozy, high-end restaurant. The lighting was soft, and the mood was serene. Joe’s gaze lingered on Skylar’s hand as she held a glass of water, the ring on his finger radiating a subtle, confident warmth.
Across from him, Skylar was happily engrossed in her dessert. A small smudge of cream had found its way onto her lip. Without a word, Joe stood up, leaned across the table, and gently wiped the cream away with a linen napkin.
“Is it good?” he asked, his voice low.
Skylar was taken aback, staring at him in surprise. “It’s delicious,” she admitted. Joe wasn’t particularly fond of sweets or rich flavors, so he had only sampled a tiny morsel of the cake, preferring the savory, vegetable-based stew instead.
“That’s good to hear. Enjoy it,” Joe said. His voice was incredibly gentle—the kind of warmth that could completely melt a person’s defenses. Skylar felt her heart flutter as she nodded in response.
Joe returned to his seat, his eyes drifting to a large shopping bag on the chair next to Skylar. He wondered if she had another surprise in store for him.

Nearby, in a private dining room, the atmosphere was far more boisterous, though Charles remained strangely distracted. His colleagues were animatedly discussing their latest film project, sharing deep interpretations of their characters and the script.
Normally, Charles would have been the most engaged person in the room. He took his craft seriously, often offering meticulous analyses of every role. But tonight, he was a ghost at the table.
His friend, Aldrich Grant, nudged him. “Charles, you’re miles away. What’s going on?”
Charles took a slow sip of his drink, trying to shake off the lingering unease from earlier. “It’s nothing.”
In reality, his mind was replaying the startling encounter in the elevator. The legendary Joe Martin—a man known for being untouchable and cold—had actually initiated a conversation with him. He had even asked about his work. It was unprecedented.
“Aldrich, do you know if anyone in our circles actually knows Joe Martin?” Charles asked suddenly.
Aldrich shook his head. “People like that are in a different league entirely. Even top directors and major investors struggle to get a personal meeting with him. Why do you ask? Do you have a connection? If so, you’d be the biggest name in the industry overnight.”
Charles’s lips twitched into a strained grimace. He lowered his voice, the question burning in his mind. “Have you ever heard... whether Joe prefers men or women?”
The situation felt increasingly bizarre. The more Charles analyzed it, the less sense it made. He knew he wouldn't be able to get a moment of rest until he figured out why the titan of industry was suddenly taking an interest in him.

###chapter610
Aldrich’s eyes widened in disbelief as he scrutinized Charles. What’s with you? Why the sudden interest in Joe? Are you trying to find yourself a sugar daddy or something?” 
In their industry, it was pretty normal for one’s integrity to gradually deteriorate over time. After all, seeing those less capable achieve fame and success while remaining stuck in the shadows could unsettle even the most determined individuals. However, it was surprising that someone like Charles would harbor such thoughts. 
Charles‘ lips twitched. “What are you talking about? If I wanted to pursue that, I would have done so long ago. What would I wait until now? I’m just asking out of curiosity.” 
He was worried about being targeted. Wealthy people could be unpredictable, and they indulged in all kinds of entertainment 
Direct confrontations were easier to dodge, but hidden dangers were far trickier. After making some progress in his career, he couldn’t afford any new complications. 
Aldrich raised an eyebrow and leaned in. He whispered, “You wouldn’t be asking about Joe for no reason, would you? Did you see something unusual?” 
Gossip about Joe was not easily accessible. 
Moreover, if something did happen, the Martin Group’s PR team would handle it swiftly, and the situation would be resolved almost immediately. They would make sure no 
information leaked out. So it wouldn’t even reach their ears. 
Charles shrugged. “I’m just curious. I just overheard someone mention Joe in the elevator.” 
Aldrich lowered his voice further. He said, “Honestly, I’ve heard rumors that Joe isn’t interested in women and might prefer men. People say his assistants are all men.” 
Charles‘ expression tightened further, and he felt he couldn’t stay seated. He said, “I’m going to use the restroom for a moment.” 
An hour later, Skylar and Joe had finished their dinner. As they were leaving, Joe took the shopping bag from Skylar. 
“What’s in here?” Joe asked casually. 
Skylar almost forgot she had bought two sets of loungewear. Loungewear.” 
“Loungewear?” 
“Yes, we each have a set. But you don’t have to wear it if 
you don’t like it. I just thought it looked nice, so I bought two sets,” Skylar added with a quick explanation. 
Joe’s lips curved into a faint smile. It indicated his mood had improved. “Since you bought them for me, I’ll wear them.” 
Skylar was surprised by his decisive response. She raised an eyebrow and asked, “Really?” 
She could easily imagine him shaking his head in refusal. He would look at the two sets of somewhat childish loungewear 
with disdain and say that he wouldn’t wear them. 
Joe simply nodded with an indifferent expression and hummed. 
Skylar suddenly felt excited to get home. As they exited the private room, Skylar headed to the restroom. 
Joe waited outside the restroom. His striking presence made it impossible for anyone not to notice him. Just a quick trip to the restroom was enough to catch a glimpse of Joe. 
Charles happened to come out of the restroom at the same time. His expression changed as soon as he saw Joe. He was startled to see him. 
Joe immediately noticed Charles. It wasn’t unusual to run into someone from the same restaurant twice. However, Joe couldn’t help but wonder if he appeared that intimidating. Charles looked so frightened upon seeing him. 
“It’s quite a coincidence to meet again,” Joe said. His mood was unusually good today, which made his tone much 
friendlier than usual. 
But Charles‘ eyes widened in terror–even more so than before. He nodded stiffly and said, “What a coincidence.” 
###chapter611
172 
Charles found it uncanny that they had even run into each other in the restroom. He wondered what kind of karmic ties could be at play. 
Joe frowned slightly. 
Charles was too stunned to say anything more. He just wanted to leave quickly. He practically ran out of the restroom as if trying to escape disaster, moving faster than he had when leaving the elevator. 
L 
Joe’s gaze darkened. By all accounts, Steven was very bold. When he first met him, there had been no trace of fear, as if meeting him was nothing unusual. It was strange how different Charles seemed from Steven. 
Just then, Skylar emerged from the restroom. She noticed Joe’s narrowed eyes and furrowed brow. She couldn’t help but ask, “What’s wrong?” 
“I just ran into Charles,” Joe replied directly. 
Skylar glanced around. “Charles?” 
“Yes. I’ve noticed he’s always been rather low–key in the entertainment industry. Don’t you think he’s a bit timid?” Joe inquired. 
Skylar was incredulous at Joe’s description of Charles as timid. She said, “How is he timid? Charles has always been very bold.” 
Charles had climbed mountains, waded through rivers, climbed trees, and even poked at hornet nests. He‘ had done all sorts of daring things. He had been a tyrant at school. He wasn’t a bully who picked on others, yet no one would have dared to bully him. 
He was extraordinarily bold. Perhaps even Charles himself couldn’t have imagined anyone describing him as timid. 
Joe had more to say but understood that Skylar could never see Charles as timid. He decided to leave the matter alone. “Let’s go,” he said. 
Skylar didn’t ask any more questions but thought it was good that she hadn’t run into Charles. Otherwise, she would have to explain her relationship with Joe to him. 
She felt it was necessary to inform her family about her relationship with Joe. After all, Gloria had suggested that both families meet. 
Even if she and Joe found that they were not suited for each other and decided to get a divorce three years from now, she wouldn’t be able to hide their marriage from them for that long. 
They were bound to find out eventually. It was better to explain things ahead of time. 
As Joe and Skylar left the restaurant, Charles returned to the private room and took several large gulps of alcohol to steady himself. 
“What did you do? Didn’t you go to the restroom? Did you see a ghost?” Aldrich asked. 
Charles‘ mouth twitched. “You’re night. It was like seeing a ghost.” 
Joe was definitely unusual, Charles felt something was off. 
Meanwhile, at Galaxy Villa, the two sets of sunset–themed, fawn–patterned loungewear exuded an unmistakable air of cuteness. A frozen look replaced Joe’s anticipation as he stared at the loungewear 
Skylar tried to suppress, a laugh. She pretended not to notice his shock. “Why don’t you try them on? We can exchange them for the right size if they don’t fit. If they fit, I’ll wash them, and they’ll be ready for wear. 
She couldn’t help but imagine how Joe would look in it The style seemed like something even an 18–year- old Joe would avoid. 
Joe raised an eyebrow and looked at Skylar. “Let’s try them on together.” 
“Sure,” Skylar agreed enthusiastically. 
Seeing Skylar struggling to contain her laughter, Joe smirked and looked down at her. “You’ve given me several surprises for my birthday today. I have to return the favor.” 
Skylar suddenly felt a bit embarrassed. “If you don’t like them, you don’t have to wear them. I realize now they might not be your usual style.” 
Joe insisted, “I want to try them.” 
Eventually, they both changed into the loungewear. 
However, before they even left the walk–in closet, Joe gently pushed Skylar against the wall and kissed her with forceful, passionate intensity. 
###chapter612
Both Joe and Skylar were wearing matching loungewear. They were pressed closely together. 
An hour later, they finally emerged from the walk–in closet. However, the loungewear was left behind. They had moved on to the bed. 
It was unclear how much time had passed; the night was cold and dark outside. 
Skylar was sweaty and exhausted. She leaned into Joe’s embrace as he carried her to the bathtub in the bathroom. 
“Do you 
like the return gift? Was it enough effort?” Joe’s voice was soft as he asked her. His breath was warm against her ear. 
Skylar’s face flushed crimson. Just recalling the scene in the walk–in closet made her feel overheated, and she couldn’t bring herself to meet his gaze directly 
She never expected Joe to crouch down suddenly. Pretending to be tired, she let herself fall asleep. His audacity overshadowed her embarrassment. 
It was a rare night of insomnia for Charles. He lay in bed, tossing and turning, unable to fall asleep. His mind kept replaying Joe’s odd attempts at friendly gestures. Certain things were too delicate to discuss with his usual circle, but he could talk to Steven about this. 
Steven probably wasn’t asleep yet. It was just past midnight. 
After several rings, Steven finally answered. 
“Why are you calling me at this hour?” Steven asked. 
Charles turned over and said, “Steven, I need your analysis on something. Otherwise, I won’t be able to sleep tonight.” 
“Go ahead,” Steven replied. He had just returned to his dormitory and had yet to shower. 
Charles began, “So, it’s like this. I went out for stew with the crew and ran into Joe Martin in the elevator. He approached me…” 
Charles recounted the entire encounter with Joe in detail, worried that omitting anything might lead to a 
misjudgment. 
Upon hearing the story, Steven grimaced repeatedly and rolled his eyes in frustration. 
“Steven, someone said Joe doesn’t like women and prefers men. Could he be trying to get me involved in something? Is he looking to become my sugar daddy? If someone as powerful as him wants to make me his target, should I just leave the entertainment industry? 
“I’ve only recently established myself in the entertainment industry and want to make tens of millions before considering leaving. I’m not ready to quit now and unwilling to do so,” Charles expressed his growing anxiety. 
The more he spoke, the more anxious he became. 
Steven rolled his eyes again, 
“Steven, you have to say something! If you don’t, I’m going to panic. Do you think my acting career is over? Don’t just assume I’m straight 
“Even if I were gay, I’d still have nothing to do with being forced into something. Even if I leave the industry, I’ll survive. Don’t you agree, Steven?” Charles‘ attitude was utterly pessimistic. 
“You’re overthinking this,” Steven said. He was speechless. 
“Overthinking? Am I?” Charles replied. 
Steven felt he might have slapped Charles if he were in front of him. How could Charles be so paranoid? 
He couldn’t believe that Charles thought Joe might be interested in men. He couldn’t even compare to Skylar. He should take a good look at himself in the mirror. 
“Remember my words. Joe isn’t interested in men. His unusual attention today has nothing to do with you. Get some sleep. Don’t overthink things. If you keep this up, you’ll regret it,” Steven advised kindly. 
Charles frowned. “Not because of me? Then, who? Is it because of you? Your company has no connection to the Martins, right?” 
Steven had indeed made significant strides in his career recently. Just being interviewed by Annie showed his success. 
“It’s not because of me. It’s because of Skye. The details will become clear later. For now, just relax and focus on what you need to do,” Steven said, fed up with Charles‘ paranoia. 
###chapter613
Charles narrowed his eyes, sensing something amiss. “Steven, are you keeping something from me?” “There are indeed matters at hand, but it is not the right time for you to know. You’ll find out soon enough, “Steven replied, aware that Skylar was arranging a meeting between their family and Joe. 
Charles didn’t probe further. “Alright. By the way, since you brought Annie back home last time, you 
haven’t mentioned her. I’ve heard some rumors lately–she was fired from the TV station, and her family is going through some trouble. Do you- 
“I’m fine. We’ve broken up,” Steven calmly interjected. He had ended things with Annie recently, and only Skylar knew about it. 
Charles was taken aback. “You broke up?” 
“It wasn’t because of the Silver family’s troubles. There were other issues that I couldn’t tolerate,” Steven briefly explained. 
Charles furrowed his brows. He recalled some rumors he had previously dismissed as unfounded. He had wholly trusted Steven’s judgment. Since Steven had chosen Annie, he believed she was worth trusting. But now it seemed the rumors might have been true. 
“Alright. Steven, if you need someone to drink with, just call me. I’m preparing for my next role, so I’ve got some time to join you for a drink,” Charles immediately offered. 
Steven agreed, “Okay. I’m going to take a shower.” 
“Yeah, I should get to bed too.” 
Charles looked at his phone after the call ended. He contemplated Steven’s words. He thought it was probably just his overthinking. 
Since that was the case, Charles decided to stop thinking about it. There was no need to dwell on it. After all, Steven had said he would find out the reason soon. 
That was true. Eventually, he would find out if Joe had a real interest in men. As long as he stayed clear of any involvement, what happened today would be just a misunderstanding. 
:.. 
The following day, Skylar went back to work after a brief break. 
When Alexander learned she was coming to work, he called to check on her health and even suggested she take more time off. After Skylar reassured him she was okay, Alexander agreed to 
let her return to work. 
There were no new tasks, just the ones she had been working on before she went to Liberty County. These tasks were critical and could only be completed by her. 
She worked diligently throughout the day and had takeout for lunch. 
By the end of the workday, Caleb sent her a message on WhatsApp informing her that he would return in two days. 
Skylar was pleased to hear that Caleb was returning Some routine processes required his help, which would speed up their progress. 
In the parking lot, just as she was getting into her car, someone suddenly opened the passenger door and got in. 
Skylar looked at the unexpected intruder who had just barged in. It was Kenny.. 
“Get out,” Skylar said sharply. 
“I’m your brother. What’s with your attitude? You haven’t been home to check on us. When there’s trouble at home, you don’t help. Now that I’m here, this is how you treat me?” Kenny replied. 
He was more brazen than before. He had once taken pride in being a distinguished heir of the Williams family and maintained a certain decorum. But now, after his fall from grace, his audacity had grown even more shameless. 
###chapter614
But Kenny was oblivious to this. 
Since lounging at home and relying on Peter for support, Kenny had already given up on maintaining any sense of dignity. All pretense had vanished when the Williams family’s status plummeted. 
Skylar sneered. After witnessing the shamelessness of Samuel and Peter, Kenny’s arrogance was insignificant to her. 
“Compared to Samuel and Peter, I find you even more contemptible.” 
As the eldest son of the Williams family, Kenny had seemed somewhat respectable before the family’s downfall. However, his moral compass further deteriorated after his affair with Maisy. Now, he had no shame left at all. 
Kenny snorted, “Look down on me all you want, but I’m still your older brother. You’re doing so well on Mr. Gardner Senior’s team and even bought a house. You must be.making a lot of money. 
“The family is broke, and so am I. Besides, Mom is still paralyzed. Hand over 500 thousand dollars to us. We need it.” 
He was determined to get money from Skylar. He planned to live it up as soon as he had the cash. 
“Did you not wake up from your delusional dream last night?” Skylar asked with a smirk. 
Kenny was enraged. He glared at Skylar with hostility. “You’d better give me the money willingly. Otherwise, I’ll make sure you regret it. 
“Don’t think I won’t tarnish your reputation. Do you think Mr. Gardner Senior’s team will keep you if that happens? Your losses will be far greater than just several hundred thousand dollars. 
“There’s also Steven. He and I have worked at the same company for years, and I know all about him. I can ruin his reputation as well. Think carefully about whether you want to solve this with money or invite a world of trouble.” 
Kenny was now fearless and willing to use any unscrupulous means to achieve his goals. He intended to prove to Samuel and Peter that he could achieve what they couldn’t. 
Today, he would leave with the money, no matter what. 
Kenny had been lurking around for days. 
* 4 insure 
of Skylar’s schedule and had not seen her. Now, 
he finally had an opportunity he couldn’t afford to miss. 
“Alright,” Skylar said. Then, she stepped out of the car. 
Kenny was stunned by her quick agreement. He was surprised by how easily she agreed. Perhaps he still held some sway over her as her older brother. With just a few harsh words, she complied. 
Suddenly, the car door swung open. Before Kenny could react, he was yanked out of the car. As he was pulled out of the car, he wasn’t prepared and lost his balance. He stumbled to the side. 
Skylar quickly stepped back. She watched Kenny sprawled out on the ground. Her gaze was cold. 
She said, “Get lost. I’d love to see how you plan on ruining me and Steven.” 
She and Steven had earned their places in the company through hard work. They were nothing like Kenny, who was a useless idiot. She had nothing to fear from him. 
“You! Skylar, you’re crazy! I’m your brother. Who is even Steven? Treating your own biological brother like this will have consequences. Our family’s downfall will be your future too. Do you think Joe will love you 
forever? 
“You’re just a country bumpkin. The Martin family will never accept you or let you in. You’re nothing but just a plaything!” Kenny shouted. His eyes were bloodshot with rage. 
Previously, 500 thousand dollars would have been insignificant to him. Recently, he’d even tried to contact Maisy. However, she’d been unreachable and hadn’t sought refuge with them, suggesting she was in a much better place. It seemed she was living comfortably elsewhere. 
###chapter615
Kenny’s calls to Maisy went unanswered or were met with busy signals. He felt she was deliberately ignoring him. Like Skylar, Maisy was no better. After all he had done for her, she had betrayed him. She appeared to be living a better life elsewhere. 
Skylar looked coldly at Kenny’s disheveled and furious appearance. Once consumed by hatred for the Williams family, she now felt indifferent. Her heart remained calm. 
“Kenny, you’re pathetic,” Skylar said with a sneer. 
Kenny stiffened when he heard Skylar called him pathetic. 
During this time, those who had grievances against him had cursed him in every way. They said he was deserving of his misfortune and that he was suffering divine retribution, yet no one had called him pathetic before. 
Skylar was the first. The once proud and illustrious Kenny had become a pathetic figure! 
Skylar returned to her car and swiftly put it in reverse. She then drove off, leaving a cloud of dust behind. 
As the dust settled on Kenny, he snapped back to reality. Filled with rage and disbelief, he glared at the departing car. 
“Skylar! You’ll regret this. You’ll definitely regret this. I’ll rise. to the top, and everyone will look up to me again. When that time comes, you’ll be one of them. You and everyone else will come begging. 
“Even if you come groveling to me, I won’t forgive you. You act high and mighty, but you’re just a cheap plaything!” Kenny shouted. 
Just then, his phone rang. 
Kenny stopped his rant and looked at the screen. Seeing Maisy’s 
6 his face brightened. It seemed the 
god hadn’t completely forsaken him after all. Fate was on his side. 
“Maisy, you finally called me. You don’t know how much I’ve missed you. I’m so sorry for everything. I was just too angry back then. How could I ever not want you? 
“I’ve doted on you since we were kids. You’re also my beloved and my sister. Where are you? I’ll come find you right now.” 
Kenny delivered his heartfelt words with all the sincerity he could muster. He felt confident that any woman who had ever been in love would be moved by his sincere affection if she were here, especially someone as close to him as Maisy. 
However, the voice on the other end was not Maisy’s but a man’s. 
“This is Christopher Fowler.” 
“What? Christopher? Is Maisy with you? She actually went to you? Please let me speak to her. 
“Christopher, you’re despicable. Do you have any idea what kind of relationship Maisy and I have? She’s my woman, and you’re with her again!” Kenny’s expression shifted dramatically. 
He hadn’t expected Maisy to seek out Christopher. Deep down, Maisy was just a spiteful person. Christopher was a pauper. Of all the people she could have chosen, she had to pick him to suffer alongside. 
“We’re not together. Her phone Is with me because she accidentally left it here. Coincidentally, since she has deceived both of us, I can tell you some news. 
“Maisy is quite capable. She has found a wealthy sugar daddy and is preparing to return to Jipsburg after some time. By then, she’ll be a wealthy socialite. If I were you, I’d go to Korel City and demand compensation from her on behalf of the Williams family. 
“I just received one million dollars from her. If you come, we could find her together. She probably has at least 10 to 20 million dollars on her,” Christopher suggested. 
Kenny was fixated on that figure. If even Christopher could get one million dollars, he would simply demand five million dollars from Maisy. 
###chapter616
Kenny pondered it further and decided that 10 million was the better choice. He was resolute in his determination to secure that amount from Maisy. 
With that amount, his family could leave Jipsburg City and start anew elsewhere. The Williams family could still succeed. 
“Alright, I’m going now. But I need money for the flight ticket. You’ll need to lend me some, and I’ll pay you back tenfold once I get the money from Maisy.” 
Christopher was agreeable and didn’t hesitate. He said, “Sure, come on over. But remember to keep your word.” – 
“Don’t worry.” 
After receiving the money from Christopher, Kenny quickly bought a flight ticket and hurriedly flew to Korel City. It felt like the 10 million dollars was already in his hands. 
A satisfied smirk spread across Christopher’s face as Kenny took off. 
Half an hour later, Christopher sold the unconscious Maisy to human traffickers operating in the Askea market. Maisy had been ill recently, and Christopher didn’t want to waste money on her treatment. Since she wasn’t useful for making him more money, selling her was the best option. 
Christopher didn’t expect to make so much money from selling a person. 
Kenny had always looked down on him, so he decided to give Kenny what he deserved. He intended to sell both Kenny and Maisy. Perhaps they’d even reunite under the most unfortunate circumstances. 
If that were to happen, they should remember that he was the one who made it possible for them. 
Once Kenny was dealt with, Christopher planned to return to Jipsburg City. He yearned for Skylar more than anything in the world, and with money in his pocket, he was confident she would return to him. “Skylar, wait for me. I’ll be back soon,” Christopher thought, eagerly anticipating his return to Jipsburg City. He couldn’t wait to see Skylar again. 
Meanwhile, Maisy struggled frantically inside a burlap sack. She had just regained consciousness and overheard Christopher’s conversation about how she was being sold. 
What she had only seen in movies was now becoming her reality. A wave of desperation hit her as she protested inwardly. 
With a menacing growl, the person carrying 
er warned, “Stop wriggling, or I’ll end you!” 
Fear paralyzed her. These people were far more ruthless than Christopher. If they said they would kill her, Fear paralyzed her. These people were far more ru they certainly would. 
She was filled with hatred for Christopher. Inwardly, she cursed, “Christopher, you won’t have a good end.” The past few days‘ events made Maisy feel like she was in hell. She deeply regretted not going back to Janine sooner. She would rather endure a tough life with her than be tortured daily in this manner. 
Facing the prospect of more brutal days to come, she yearned desperately for an escapè 
Just then, she heard Christopher instructing the man carrying her, “She’s clever, so keep an eye on her and don’t let her escape.” 
“No one escapes us.” 
Upon hearing that, Maisy felt a complete sense of hopelessness. 
Kenny arrived at Korel City brimming with excitement a few hours later. Christopher welcomed him with open arms. 
After not having lavish meals for a while, Kenny enjoyed the feast and drank happily. He passed out with a smile on his face, but his shock was immense when he regained consciousness and found himself locked in a cage. His astonishment grew as he saw Majsy in the opposite cage, looking like a zombie. 
The realization of their predicament hit him like a cold wave. 
“Christopher! Christopher, come out! 
“Let me go! Don’t you know who I am? The Williams family has a significant presence in Jipsburg City. If I disappear, they will search for me. You’ve made a grave mistake. It’s in your best interest to let me go right now.” 
Unfortunately, no one paid any attention to Kenny’s pleas. 
Annoyed by his constant shouting, someone finally arrived with a stun baton and gave Kenny a thorough beating. The others in the cages, terrified of becoming targets, shrank back from the sight 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
X 
Claim 
###chapter617
Maisy watched impassively as Kenny was tortured and beaten. It was retribution, a mirror reflecting her own suffering. 
At dinner, Skylar and Joe discussed their upcoming visit to Yancey Residence. 
Skylar was surprised at how quickly Joe agreed to the plan. 
“Are you okay if it is set for this weekend?” Skylar checked the group chat. The weekend was when Steven, Charles, and Harvey would all be there. 
Joe had no ions. He replied, “Sure.” 
Skylar informed in the group chat that she would bring a guest and have an important announcement to make. 
Steven was the first to respond. He simply welcomed the guest. 
Janine and Charles were a bit puzzled about the situation. But everyone agreed in the group chat. No matter who Skylar brought home, they would all be welcomed. 
Janine thought about preparing a special meal for the weekend. Skylar knew they would be curious about the guest. 
Just then, the doorbell rang. Visitors were rare at the Galaxy Villa. The staff from Pearlhall Residence usually came during the day. Paul and Lucas typically waited outside for Joe. 
Skylar looked at Joe. Joe, too, was perplexed. He went to the door. 
Upon seeing the visitor on the intercom, his expression darkened. 
“Who is it? Is it a friend of yours? Should I stay out of sight?” Skylar asked, setting her phone aside. 
“No need. It’s just Jenny,” Joe said as he opened the door. 
Skylar’s expression shifted slightly. “Jenny?” 
“Yes.” 
Jenny soon came into view. She sweetly greeted, “Joe. Skylar.” 
Skylar nodded in acknowledgment. 
“I was just visiting a friend nearby. I heard from Rowan that you two have been living at Galaxy Villa since your marriage, so I decided to drop by and visit you,” Jenny said. 
Her familiarity with the villa’s layout hinted that she had visited before. She quickly changed into slippers and made her way inside, taking a seat directly on the couch. 
Initially nervous, Jenny soon noticed Joe and Skylar wearing matching loungewear, unlike anything she’d seen him in before. As a fashion design student, she immediately recognized the inexpensive fabric. 
She couldn’t believe that Joe was dressed so childishly. Trying to mask her doubts and jealousy, she pursed her lips and acted as if she hadn’t noticed. 
She casually set a bag on the table and said with a relaxed tone, “I baked cookies today using only a little sugar. Joe, you used to say they were good. See if you think my baking has improved. Skylar, you should have a taste too. 
Skylar glanced at Joe, who had settled beside her, then turned her attention to the beautifully packaged cookies before her. The rose–shaped cookies were clearly the work of someone skilled with an eye for detail. Despite her own limited baking skills, she politely remarked, “They look like they should taste quite delightful.” 
###chapter618
Having just finished dinner, Skylar wasn’t hungry and didn’t sample the cookies. 
Jenny noticed Skylar merely complimented the cookies without trying them and thought the latter was hypocritical. She couldn’t fathom why Joe would be interested in such a pretentious woman. 
“Skylar, are you not eating the cookies because you’re worried about gaining weight?” Jenny asked. 
Slightly irritated by Jenny’s tactlessness, Skylar simply replied with a hum. 
Seeing Skylar’s indifference, Jenny turned to Joe. “Galaxy Villa looks different. Did you renovate?” she asked. 
She subtly tried to let Skylar know she’d been there before, but Skylar didn’t react. 
“No, it’s the same,” Joe replied. 
Jenny nodded. “I’ve been in Korel City for the past few years, so I’ve forgotten what Galaxy Villa looked like.” 
Joe glanced at the tired–looking Skylar. “Is Rowan coming to pick you up?” he asked Jenny. 
“I don’t think he has time. It was a friend who had dropped me here, “Jenny replied. 
Pausing, she looked at Skylar. “Skylar, it’s tough to get a cab now. Can I stay here tonight?” 
This was a deliberate ploy. Whether Skylar agreed or not, it would benefit Jenny. 
If Skylar consented, she could stay at Galaxy Villa and enjoy time with Joe, reminiscing about old times. If Skylar refused, it would reveal her less accommodating side to Joe. 
Skylar’s smile faded slightly. She turned to Joe and said, “I’m feeling tired. I’ll rest now. You two can chat.” 
Skylar wondered how Jenny could think she could use her to 
achieve her goals, assuming she was completely unaware of her intentions. 
Jenny was surprised by Skylar’s directness. She hadn’t expected to be ignored so blatantly. Did Skylar not care what Joe thought of her? She seemed fearless. 
But Jenny was even more surprised by Joe’s reaction. He simply nodded, making her feel awkward. 
Joe wouldn’t have treated her like this in the past. He had treated her very well. If someone bullied her, Joe would have defended her. 
But now, with Skylar ignoring her and making her feel 
uncomfortable, Joe seemed to indulge Skylar. A pang of pain shot through her. 
When she’d had surgery in Korel City, Joe had been very 
supportive. But now… 
What had Skylar done to him? It was as if she’d cast a spell. 
After Skylar left, Jenny couldn’t hold back her tears. She called out to him, her voice filled with sorrow. “Joe…” 
Joe’s expression darkened. He glanced at the cookies, then lit a cigarette. 
Jenny watched intently, unable to tear her gaze away. To her, no one compared to Joe. Even something as mundane as smoking 
captivated her completely, and every movement of his commanded her admiration. 
“Still haven’t figured it out?” Joe’s voice carried a hint of coldness. 
Jenny was momentarily stunned. “….” 
She couldn’t quite grasp what she was failing to understand. As a vague sense of realization began to dawn on her, it felt like she was inching closer to a crucial insight. 
###chapter619
Joe’s voice, colder than ice, echoed in the room, “Your mother’s last wish was for you to grow up without worries.” 
Jenny’s face drained of color. A sense of desolation washed over her as she stammered, “Joe…” 
She grappled with the idea that Joe’s actions were merely to honor her mother’s dying wish. It felt impossible. After all these years, did he harbor no personal feelings for her? 
“You’re intelligent,” Joe continued, his tone unwavering. “Since you’ve been at Galaxy Villa, you should understand. Don’t come here again. Focus on what you need to do.” 
Jenny’s face grew ghostly white. In a daze, she hurried out of Galaxy Villa. 
Yolanda Tate, her friend, had been waiting outside. While Jenny expected she wouldn’t stay overnight, she hadn’t anticipated Joe’s blunt rejection. It left no room for escape. 
Jenny couldn’t fathom that her mother’s wish was the sole reason for Joe’s care. It just wasn’t possible. 
Yolanda, who was driving, noticed her distressed state. She hesitated before asking, “Is something wrong?” 
“How do you see Joe’s feelings for me?” Jenny asked with her hands clenched tightly. She still held on to a glimmer of hope. An outsider could see things more clearly. 
Yolanda appeared surprised by Jenny’s question. “How could you not know how important you are to Mr. Martin? I recall when you were in high school and faced bullying. After you were hurt, Mr. 
Martin hurried to the school. The principal and teachers were all concerned, and Mr. Martin was especially worried. 
“Now that you’re back, it only makes sense for you to be Mr. Martin’s girlfriend. Over the past few years, he hasn’t been involved with anyone else. Wasn’t he waiting for you? Are you asking this because you’re scared of Mr. Martin or unsure about being his girlfriend? 
“Many people in Jipsburg would love to be with Mr. Martin, but he has only ever had eyes for you. He doesn’t even notice other women. You’re envied by many. Since your return, there’s been a lot of talk about you. It’s no secret. You should be with Mr. Martin and stop overthinking it.” 
Yolanda’s words flowed freely, taking advantage of the opportunity. 
Usually, Jenny would blush at such compliments, but now her 
heart felt like ice. Fear consumed her. She dreaded the day those people discovered the truth. 
“I’m tired. I need to rest,” Jenny said, closing her eyes to avoid facing the harsh reality. 
Sensing something was off, Yolanda asked, “Did you fight with Mr. Martin?” 
Jenny could be temperamental at times, probably because she knew she had Joe’s backing. Yolanda was willing to be her temporary driver and wait outside for so long only because of her relationship with Joe. 
“Can you just give me some peace?” Jenny asked, pressing her lips tightly together. 
Yolanda was taken aback. Though puzzled, she remained silent. 
317 
As Skylar was leaving work the next day, Peter and Samuel confronted her again. 
The Williams family was relentless, refusing to accept their current situation. After Kenny’s visit the day before, it was now these two who had returned to confront Skylar. Her expression darkened. 
“What did you do to Kenny? His phone’s been off since he saw you, 
Peter demanded, his eyes fixed on
###chapter620
Skylar was taken aback to learn that Kenny was missing. Her initial surprise quickly turned into a cold sneer as she realized the 
Williams family had escalated their scheme. 
They were now using Kenny’s disappearance as a form of 
extortion. 
“What do you think I could have done to him?” Skylar asked. 
Samuel’s voice dripped with hostility. “You are despicable and shameless. You must have used some method to scare Kenny into it’s staying away from home. And given that you’re Joe’s woman, clear you’ve used him to harm Kenny. Tell us where he is, or we will go to the police.” 
Peter added sternly, “He only saw you yesterday. Now that he’s missing, you’re the prime suspect. You can’t escape this.” 
The two had known about Kenny’s meeting with Skylar and had been counting on him to get money from Skylar. 
Kenny, Samuel, and Peter had eagerly anticipated the funds, hoping they would facilitate a successful comeback. 
Kenny’s confidence had provided a glimmer of hope. Perhaps, as the eldest, Kenny might succeed in what they could not achieve. Moreover, Kenny and Skylar’s relationship hadn’t always been so strained. 
They had waited all night, but Kenny had failed to return. They had even spent the entire day waiting and had called him numerous times, but his phone remained off. They had an unsettling feeling that something had gone awry. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have been 
unreachable. 
Skylar regarded Peter and Samuel’s reactions with a sense of disbelief, questioning whether they even understood the absurdity 
of their accusations. 
“Go ahead and call the police. I’m waiting,” she said with a dismissive tone. 
After saying that, Skylar started the car immediately. They tried to stop her, but it was too late. 
Infuriated, Samuel shouted after her, “What a vile person! She’s still giving us attitude! She’s definitely done something to Kenny. We still don’t even know what’s happened to Kenny.” 
Peter frowned and said, “It doesn’t seem like Skylar knows anything.” 
“So where could he have gone?” Samuel asked. 
“We should report it to the police and see what they say.” Peter decided firmly. 
An hour later, the two emerged from the police station, confused. 
“How could Kenny have gone to Korel City? Where would he get the money for a flight?” Samuel asked. 
Peter shook his head. “How could I possibly know? There must be something in Korel City that attracted him. He left without a word.” 
“Even if Skylar isn’t involved, we should still make her pay. She should pay us whatever amount we asked for.” Samuel’s greed resurfaced, and his expression was full of malice. It was as if he could already see Skylar surrendering to his demands. 
Peter furrowed his brow and shook his head slowly. “Let it go for now. With Skylar supported by Joe and working for Mr. Gardner 
Senior, pushing this further might backfire and get us nothing.” 
“Are we seriously going to let Kenny remain missing? If something happens to him and we’re needed, are we just going to turn a blind eye and do nothing?” Samuel questioned, his tone laced with anger. 
“Maybe he’ll come back in a couple of days. You should go home and take care of Mom. Don’t let her cause a scene, or the property managers and the community will be on our case,” Peter said sternly. 
Samuel was dissatisfied. “Why do I feel like you’re becoming more timid? How can Skylar be that terrifying? The once confident Peter Williams has turned into a coward.” 
Peter retorted sternly, “What happened to that brilliant celebrity who used to dazzle in the entertainment industry? Samuel, what have you achieved from your encounters with Skylar?” 
Samuel’s anger reached a boiling point. He shouted in frustration. 
Peter!” 
###chapter621
“Stop shouting. Go home. I still have to deliver food,” Peter said as he mounted the nearby electric scooter. 
Still in his delivery uniform, Peter felt the weight of the wasted day pressing on him. He had no idea where tomorrow’s meal money would come from. The recent turn of events had made him forget his days as an executive. 
Samuel rolled his eyes. “Peter, are you really content to spend your whole life delivering food? You were Mr. Peter Williams. You 
managed a large company.” 
“Are you suggesting I should be idle like you for the rest of my life?” Peter retorted coldly. 
Neither Kenny nor Samuel seemed to recognize the reality of their 
situation. 
Samuel was furious. “I’m not idle. I’m a celebrity. I’m just waiting for a chance to make a comeback. 
“With just your name, Samuel? There’s no chance of a comeback in the entertainment industry. You’d better off focusing on how to earn tomorrow’s meal money and cover the utilities,” Peter warned him coldly before leaving. 
Watching Peter ride away, Samuel fumed. He believed he would make a comeback one day. He had been so close to becoming an A–list actor, having played many leading roles. There was no way he would fade away now. 
If Charles could land a lead role, then he surely could too. 
“I will succeed. I will definitely make a comeback. When that time 
comes, everyone who looks down on me will have to see me in a new light. I’ll make Skylar help me. I want her to get Joe to make me a celebrity again.” 
Just as Skylar finished parking her car and was about to enter the house, Joe came home. They entered the house together. 
After changing into her slippers, Skylar answered a call from an unknown number. 
“Hello.” 
“Skylar, it’s me, Amelia. I’ve missed you. I’ve been thinking a lot lately and realize I made mistakes. Can you forgive me?” 
The unknown number belonged to Amelia. Skylar barely 
recognized her voice, but her insincere tone dredged up forgotten 
memories. 
Joe glanced at Skylar. 
“Wrong number,” Skylar said coldly before hanging up. 
“Spam call?” Joe asked. 
Skylar replied honestly, “It was Christopher’s mother.” 
Joe raised an eyebrow. “Christopher still can’t let go?” 
“Whether he has or not doesn’t concern me. What do you want for dinner tonight? I’ll cook,” Skylar offered. 
Seeing Skylar’s indifference toward Christopher, Joe smiled. “Let’s cook dinner together. 
“Alright.” 
… 
Christopher’s expression was dark. That call, which had been abruptly terminated, left him feeling frustrated. 
His plane had just landed, and he had barely rested. All he wanted was to hear Skylar’s voice, except she was as indifferent as ever. 
“You’re making so much money now. If we leave Jipsburg, that money could buy us a big house, and you could open a store. At that point, you could have any women you want. 
“Why must you insist on being with Skylar? If she were waiting for you, it’d be different. But she’s practically been used up. Look at how she treated me–she hung up!” 
Amelia was furious. Her superiority stemmed from believing her son was too good for anyone. 
###chapter622
Christopher said, “Other women can’t compare to Skylar. She’s the only one in my heart.” 
Christopher was deeply, obsessed. 
“Are you out of your mind? Look at how Skylar had already forgotten you. See how she treated me before and how she treats me now?” Amelia was furious and frustrated. 
Christopher’s lips pressed tightly together. “No one can replace Skylar. Mom, I only want Skylar!” 
His future felt empty without her. 
“Skylar is something else entirely. What kind of spell has she cast on you?” Amelia was nearly beside herself with rage. 
“I’ll make her come back to me,” Christopher said firmly. 
As long as he could make Joe give up on Skylar, he would find a way to get her back. 
It was the weekend. Janine got up early to go to the market for groceries. 
Steven had come home the night before and said he would help Janine prepare lunch. 
While picking vegetables, Janine asked, “Do you know who Skye is bringing home? It shouldn’t be her roommate, right? Could it be her new boyfriend?” 
Since learning that Christopher had betrayed Skylar, Janine had 
been worried that Skylar might be too scared to date again. She was deeply hurt by Skylar’s suffering. 
Skylar deserved someone who would treat her well. 
“It is a new boyfriend. I’ve met him before. He was still in the observation phase back then, so I didn’t mention it to you,” Steven revealed without hesitation. 
Since Skylar was bringing Joe home, it could only mean their relationship was serious. 
Charles had just returned. He overheard their conversation and asked Steven, “When did you meet him? Why didn’t Skye tell me about him?” 
Steven replied briefly, “Not long ago.” 
Charles felt jealous. He said, “I clearly don’t hold a special place in Skylar’s heart.” 
“You’re always so busy with work and filming. Skylar had always preferred confiding in Steven anyway. Why are you jealous? Wash the vegetables. Skylar is bringing her boyfriend over today, so everyone should behave and not scare him away. 
“Actually, scaring him a little might be good. It could make him think twice about mistreating Skylar in the future,” Janine said impatiently to Charles. 
Charles rubbed his nose. Janine had a valid point. He wasn’t truly jealous. He just didn’t like Skylar keeping things from him. It was similar to how he preferred talking to Steven about his issues. 
With Christopher as a precedent, he had to thoroughly vet Skylar’s boyfriend this time. If her boyfriend coming today seemed unreliable, he would make sure that man stayed as far away as possible. 
Harvey came out of the restroom, brimming with youthful energy. He had overheard their entire conversation. He declared, “Anyone who mistreats my sister will face my wrath.” 
“Don’t worry. With me and Steven here, no one will be able to bully Skye.” Charles assured him. 
The three men in their family all had strong personalities. Previously, they hadn’t known what the Williams family and Christopher had done to Skylar. Hence, they hadn’t protected her 
well. 
But that wouldn’t happen again. 
They would make sure Skylar was well protected. 
Janine continued chatting with Steven while preparing the meal. What do you think of this guy? How does he compare to Christopher?” 
Steven paused his work and replied, “There’s no comparison.” 
“What?” Janine was startled to hear that Skylar’s new boyfriend was incomparable to Christopher. 
“Mom, you misunderstood. I meant Christopher can’t compare to him. You’ll understand after meeting him,” Steven said. 
Steven believed no mother–in–law could resist Joe as a son–in–law. Many families in Jipsburg desired Joe as a match for their daughters. 
Since Joe and Skylar’s relationship began, Steven had closely monitored news about Joe. The more he learned, the more confident he became in Joe’s trustworthiness. 
Janine’s worries eased. She let out a sigh of relief. “That’s good.” 
Soon after, Skylar and Joe arrived at Yancey Residence. 
On the way, Skylar had briefed Joe about her family’s situation. 
Joe was already familiar with it, but he listened attentively as Skylar elaborated. 
Harvey opened the door for them. 
When he saw Joe, the usually confident teenager was momentarily taken aback. “You’re my sister’s boyfriend.” 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter623
Harvey studied Joe, concluding the other man was more 
handsome and slightly taller than himself. However, good looks didn’t guarantee trustworthiness. 
“I’m your brother–in–law. I’m Joe Martin. You must be Harvey?” Joe asked. 
Skylar’s family was undeniably striking. Both her older brothers and younger brother were exceptionally good–looking. 
Harvey raised an eyebrow at the term “brother–in–law” and glanced at Skylar. “Skye.” 
Joe’s lips curled into a faint smile. He noted Harvey’s 
stubbornness with quiet amusement. 
Harvey certainly had a strong personality, which Joe considered a positive trait. 
Embarrassed by Harvey’s attitude, Skylar interjected, “Joe and I just got married and obtained our marriage license. You can call 
him Joe.” 
Harvey’s eyes widened in surprise. “Married? You just got your marriage license?” 
He couldn’t believe Skylar had rushed into marriage without 
verifying Joe’s trustworthiness. It seemed too sudden. Was Joe 
using his looks to deceive Skylar? 
“Yeah,” Skylar replied with a smile. 
Harvey still couldn’t bring himself to accept Joe. He eyed Joe suspiciously, trying to get a read on him. 
As they spoke, Skylar led Joe inside. The living room was filled with the delicious aroma of food. 
Janine and Steven were busy in the kitchen, while Charles had just gone to the restroom. 
Upon hearing that Skylar had just married someone she barely knew and had asked Harvey to address the man by his first name, he quickly pulled up his pants, washed his hands, and rushed out of the restroom. 
Charles called out, “Skye!” 
But his gaze sharpened as he saw Joe in the living room, the man he believed had deceived Skylar. 
“Charles, let me introduce you. This is Joe Martin,” Skylar said. 
Charles had met Joe before but was unaware of Skylar’s relationship with Joe. 
“Hello, we’ve met before. But Skye wasn’t around then, so I didn’t get a chance to explain our relationship,” Joe said warmly. 
Charles was dumbfounded, his mind reeling from the shock. He was so embarrassed that his face turned red–not out of shyness but out of humiliation. 
He was relieved that his earlier concerns were only voiced to Steven. No wonder Steven said he was overthinking things. He had genuinely overthought the situation. 
Joe’s friendly attitude toward him was all because of Skylar. 
“How did you two meet?” Charles quickly regained his composure, though he still hesitated to meet Joe’s eyes. 
It wasn’t that he was afraid of Joe. It was that his previous 
thoughts were too shameful and petty. So, he directed his question to Skylar instead. 
Skylar simply explained, “He is Gloria Hinman’s grandson. She introduced us.” 
Though they hadn’t met Gloria’s family, they had heard of them. They were trustworthy. 
Charles was surprised that Joe was Gloria’s grandson. 
Janine came out of the kitchen carrying a dish. Her worries eased when she heard Skylar’s words. 
“Mom,” Skylar greeted Janine. 
Joe turned to Janine and said warmly, “Mom.” 
Janine was stunned by Joe’s address. 
Skylar glanced at Joe, and they met each other’s gaze. 
###chapter624
When their eyes met, Skylar saw herself clearly reflected in Joe’s gaze. His friendly demeanor toward her family and gracious acknowledgment of his role as her husband stirred her heart. 
Janine was momentarily stunned when Joe addressed her as 
Mom“. 
11 
“Why don’t you sit down and have some fruit? Dinner will be ready soon,” she suggested. 
Joe nodded. “Sure.” 
Two hours later, Skylar and Joe left. 
Joe smiled in the car. He was clearly in a good mood. “Your mom 
seems to like me,” he said. 
In fact, the whole family seemed to like him. 
Skylar’s home had a warm, inviting atmosphere that made him feel both nostalgic and hopeful. Steven and the others genuinely cared for Skylar with a heartfelt sincerity. 
This was a genuine familial concern he had never experienced from anyone except his grandmother, Gloria. 
“Yeah. It’s obvious that everyone is pleased with you,” Skylar replied with a smile. 
She had worried about her mother and brothers‘ reaction to her marriage to Joe, but their perception of him changed after learning of his connection to Gloria. 
Throughout dinner, Joe’s rare warmth and closeness reassured them. His behavior eased their lingering doubts. 
When they first arrived, Harvey was very wary and suspicious of Joe. He even doubted whether Joe was truly sincere toward Skylar. 
However, as they interacted, Harvey began to see Joe as a life mentor. By the time Joe left, Harvey was somewhat reluctant to see him go. 
There was no denying that Joe could easily make people feel close to him if he wanted to. His demeanor at Yancey Residence completely differed from how he usually was around others. 
Skylar felt her heart softened. 
Joe gently held Skylar’s hand. “Are you satisfied with me?” 
Skylar looked up and met Joe’s deep gaze. 
His chiseled features usually cast a fearsome shadow with the slightest frown. But now, his expression was gentle, and his 
normally unreadable eyes had a hint of affection. 
“Yes, you did really well today,” Skylar praised him. 
Joe leaned down and whispered in her ear, “Don’t you think I deserve a reward?” 
Skylar tried to pull away, but Joe’s hand on her waist prevented her escape. Glancing at Lucas, who was focused on the road, she responded quietly, “Don’t worry. I’ll make a good impression on your family from now on.” 
2 
She was determined to match Joe’s performance. 
Joe’s gaze suddenly turned cold. “Besides Grandma, you don’t 
need to worry about anyone else. Just focus on me.” 
Skylar was taken aback. Joe then wrapped her in his arms without saying another word. 
Before long, Skylar fell asleep. 
Half–asleep, she vaguely heard Joe answering a phone call. He 
mentioned being busy and promised to visit in a few days. 
His voice was low and soft. He didn’t disturb her slumber. It felt like a dream. 
###chapter625
After putting away his phone, Joe looked at Skylar, who was sleeping peacefully in his arms. The coldness in his eyes immediately melted away. 
Kate arrived at Natalie’s apartment carrying a thermal container. 
“Nath, I’ve made clam chowder for you. You’ve always loved my clam chowder. I had some free time today and thought I’d bring it over. Try some.” 
Seeing Kate more concerned than usual, Natalie’s eyes filled with tears. “I was just craving your clam chowder, Mom.” 
“We’re on the same wavelength. I woke up this morning and felt it was a good day for clam chowder since the weather has turned cold,” Kate said with a warm smile as she walked in. 
She scanned the apartment as she changed into her slippers. It was better than she had imagined. She had expected Natalie to be in a worse state these days. 
But the home was clean and tidy. 
Seeing Natalie’s improved condition eased her worries somewhat. In recent days, both she and Damon had been deeply troubled. They constantly worried about Natalie. 
Both Natalie and Jeremy were hurt by the situation. Though Natalie had suffered more, she had to accept it. However, knowing Natalie’s personality well, they were even more anxious. They cared for her deeply. 
Yet, they understood Jeremy very well. They knew he would take good care of Natalie and would never let her suffer. 
They couldn’t bear to watch the two of them part ways. 
“Mom, I’ll get some bowls. We can share. I can’t eat that much on my own,” Natalie said. 
“Alright,” Kate replied. 
Watching Natalie walk toward the kitchen, Kate felt a pang of sadness. Natalie was visibly thinner, and it was heart–wrenching to 
see. 
Kate sighed deeply. 
Once they sat down, they started eating the clam chowder. 
As they quietly ate their chowder, Natalie could tell Kate must have had a lot to say. After all, she had come such a long way to visit. The situation with Jeremy had undoubtedly worried both of her 
parents. 
The issue was like a problem with no solution, yet it had to be resolved. 
“Nath, you must be struggling these days. No, you’ve been struggling for a while, haven’t you?” Kate asked gently. 
Natalie looked up and smiled at Kate. “Mom, sorry for worrying you and Dad these past few days.” 
Seeing Natalie’s forced smile made Kate’s heart ache even more. Natalie was probably trying to avoid adding to their worries by putting on a brave face. 
“Your dad and I are fine. We’re just worried about you. Nath, be honest with me. After learning the real reason behind Jeremy’s 
affair, haven’t you been deeply hurt?” Kate’s eyes welled up with 
tears. 
Thinking back to her own youth, Kate recalled the deep affection she had shared with Damon. If he had been unfaithful during those days, she knew she would have been heartbroken. 
Even if there were reasons beyond his control, the pain from such a betrayal couldn’t be easily smoothed over. 
Natalie didn’t hide her feelings. “These past days have been very hard. When I first found out about Jeremy’s affair, it felt like my entire world collapsed. I always believed our relationship was strong enough that even if he fell out of love, he would still care for me and never cheat.” 
“Nath, he didn’t want to cheat. It wasn’t something he wanted to do. He wasn’t in control of the situation,” Kate said softly. She tried to explain Jeremy’s actions. 
Natalie nodded. Her eyes were red. “I know, Mom. He was 
manipulated and under the influence of those negative items. His judgment was compromised.” 
“I know it’s hard for you. If you want to cry, just cry,” Kate said. Her heart ached to see her like this. 
It was too hard. For Natalie, it was truly too hard. 
Natalie bit her lip and lowered her head. After a long pause, she said, “Mom, I don’t think I can get past this.” 
She felt incapable of pretending everything was fine. 
###chapter626
All of that had truly happened. 
Natalie sighed internally. She must have been selfish, and that was why she couldn’t get past this. 
Kate’s expression changed abruptly. She said softly, “Nath…” 
“Mom, I know what you’ll say, and I know you’ll try to talk some sense into me. I get what you mean.” 
Their eyes met for a moment. It was followed by a long stretch of 
silence. 
Kate’s concerned gaze pierced through Natalie. 
Natalie finally broke the silence. “I can try getting back together with Jeremy for a while. If we manage to forget what happened and become as inseparable as we once were, we’ll stay married. If 
Kate quickly interjected, “I believe you two will be able to love each other like you used to.” 
As her mother, Kate didn’t want Natalie to divorce Jeremy. They couldn’t entrust Natalie to anyone else with complete confidence 
but Jeremy. 
Natalie had no words to describe how she felt about Kate’s 
optimism. 
In the past two days, she’d reminisced about growing up with 
Jeremy. She recalled how ecstatic she was when they got together officially. 
These memories made her hesitate. 
Kate didn’t stay for long. She left after giving Natalie a few more words of advice. She felt less worried than when she’d come. 
After Kate left, Natalie leaned against the door. Then, she slid down slowly. 
15 minutes later, Natalie stood back up. She walked to the balcony and looked out. Cars zoomed on highways that snaked through a forest of skyscrapers. 
Natalie had grown up in Jipsburg, and this was the first time she felt the urge to escape Jipsburg. However, she needed to face her problems head–on. In the end, Natalie made a decision. 
Meanwhile, Jeremy had just left Hughes Residence. He closed his eyes to relax in the car. Visiting there always left him feeling exhausted. 
He’d seldom asked Natalie to go with him. The Hughes family’s affairs were very complicated, and Natalie was a simple–minded woman. She would’ve been pushed around easily. 
When Jeremy thought of his situation with Natalie, the crinkle between his brows deepened. 
Suddenly, a call came in. Upon seeing Natalie’s name on the caller ID, he clenched his phone so tightly that his knuckles turned white. 
He answered the call. “Nath.” 
“Jeremy, I can go home, and we can try to be together again. However, you must promise me that if we remain estranged and can’t love each other like before, we’ll get a divorce,” said Natalie. 
Jeremy frowned when he heard her mention a divorce. However, getting Natalie to return to his side had been hard enough. 
“Alright, I promise. I’ll pick you up and take you home now,” Jeremy immediately replied. 
The hint of excitement in Jeremy’s voice made Natalie’s heart ache. She found herself reluctant to go home. Yet… 
“Alright, I’m at the apartment.” 
Natalie arrived home half an hour later. Looking at the familiar walls before her, she felt like breaking her promise. With her eyes cast downward, she inquired, “Could I sleep in the guest room?” 
She couldn’t pretend like nothing had happened. 
Perhaps she would succeed in doing so one day. 
Jeremy briefly affixed Natalie with a dark gaze. In the end, he 
nodded and agreed, “Alright.” 
Natalie sighed in relief. From the second she stepped in here–no- from the second she laid eyes on Jeremy, memories of him and Annabelle together flashed across her mind. 
Those videos and pictures caused her faith in her decision to 
waver. 
She decided to give it another try for the younger selves they had once been, who had been certain they would spend their lives together. Perhaps she would eventually forget those scenes. 
###chapter627
As Skylar was enjoying her bath, her phone pinged with a message. She tapped into it. 
It was a message from Natalie. 
“I’ve gotten back together with Jeremy. He’d cheated because of extenuating circumstances.” 
Skylar’s expression was somber as she read Natalie’s text. Jeremy had shown Natalie the negative item. 
Skylar understood that for Natalie, deciding to go back to Jeremy had been an exceptionally tough choice to make. 
“Alright, I hope you’ll always be happy. Follow your heart at all times.” 
After replying to Natalie’s message, Skylar got out of the bathtub and wrapped herself in a towel. After blow–drying her hair, she walked out of the bathroom. 
Joe was in their bedroom. However, he wasn’t in bed. Instead, he was making a call in front of the window. 
“When have I ever needed your permission to get married? You shouldn’t get involved in matters that don’t concern you. Don’t bring my mom up. You don’t even deserve to say her name.” 
Although Skylar could only see Joe’s back, she could feel sharp waves of loneliness radiating off him. 
After picking up a call in the car, a change had overcome Joe. Even though he’d long terminated the phone call, he still seemed cold and unapproachable. 
Skylar didn’t disturb him. She tried to tiptoe out of their room to give him some space. She didn’t think he would want to be 
disturbed at a time like this. 
However, the second she turned around, she heard hasty 
footsteps thud behind her. In the next second, Joe wrapped his arms around her. 
She could smell cigarettes on him. He must’ve smoked while she was bathing, 
Skylar turned around and hugged his waist. He stiffened for a 
moment when she did so. 
They said nothing and held each other in silence for a long time. 
“I’m going out. I’ll be home late. You don’t have to wait for me,” Joe said softly above her. 
Skylar hummed softly and replied, “Be careful out there. I won’t switch my phone off. If anything happens, you can call me right away.” 
The icy glare in Joe’s eyes had mostly dissipated. It thawed even more when Joe heard Skylar’s genuine concern over him. 
Before Joe left, he kissed Skylar. 
Skylar lay in bed after Joe’s departure. However, sleep evaded her. She looked at her WhatsApp. 
Her family praised Joe in different group chats. Charles had even texted her privately about a hilarious encounter with Joe in a fondue restaurant. 
Charles had thought Joe was into men. He’d been so disturbed that he stayed awake that night, and it had reached the point where he’d even considered leaving the entertainment industry. However, 
it turned out that Joe had only showered him with friendly greetings on behalf of Skylar. 
Skylar grinned and replied, “You can relax now.” 
The entertainment industry was an inspiring place indeed. Charles‘ imagination seemed to be working overtime. 
“You must tell me all your secrets before you disclose them to anyone else next time,” Charles replied. 
“Alright.” 
They chatted for a while more in the group chat. After bidding each other goodnight, Skylar put her phone away. 
It was 10:00 pm. Joe had probably gone to meet the person he’d been on the phone with. He wouldn’t be coming home tonight. 
Skylar eventually began dozing off. Skylar felt like she was 
dragged into a familiar embrace as she hovered between sleep and consciousness. 
Peace washed over Skylar’s features when she was held. She seemed to fall into deeper sleep. 
Joe stared at Skylar, who was bathed in the moonlight. 
###chapter628
Joe stared at Skylar for a long time before heading to the bathroom to take a shower. 
Joe toweled his hair dry carelessly after emerging from the shower. 
The screen of his phone was bright as countless messages came in one after another. He’d muted it, so the room was completely 
silent. 
He stood by the bed and read through his WhatsApp messages. 
The light was reflected from his screen onto his sharp features. 
A few minutes later, he turned his phone off and threw it aside. Then, he got back into bed and embraced Skylar. 
That night, two people couldn’t fall asleep. 
Jeremy and Natalie stayed in separate rooms. It was the first time they’d slept in different beds while in the same house. 
Their rooms were right next to each other, and they were only separated from each other by a wall. It seemed to be a representation of the barrier between their hearts. 
Jeremy frowned deeply. He only fell asleep late into the night. 
As for Natalie, she lay in bed without looking at her phone or anything else. However, she couldn’t sleep. Memories surfaced before her eyes. 
She felt suffocated by some of the scenes she recalled. Natalie couldn’t calm down. Even though it was the middle of the night, 
she couldn’t help but want to escape. However, another voice within her told her she needed to try reconciling with Jeremy. After all, he was suffering along with her 
Natalie was struggling. However, Jeremy was too. 
The voices within her warred throughout the night. Natalie only fell 
asleep a few hours before dawn broke. However, she wasn’t sleeping deeply. 
When Natalie heard the neighboring door creak open, Natalie startled awake. She immediately dashed outside. 
Coincidentally, she ran into Jeremy, who had been closing the door as softly as he could manage. He was stunned for a second before asking gently, “Why don’t you get a few more hours of sleep?” 
“I’ll go make breakfast,” Natalie said. Reflexively, she averted her eyes upon meeting Jeremy’s. Immediately, she began making her way downstairs. 
Jeremy watched Natalie walk away. He noticed that she’d become much thinner. His heart clenched. 
Then, Jeremy followed her downstairs. 
Staring at the familiar kitchen, Natalie was momentarily disoriented. 
She felt as though they’d traveled back to a time when everything hadn’t happened yet. Back then, she would always get up to prepare breakfast whenever Jeremy was home. Natalie still
remembered how happy she’d been. However… 
Natalie opened the fridge. Most of the vegetables she’d brought had rotted. Although everything here seemed familiar, things had changed. 
Jeremy probably hadn’t touched anything inside the fridge after she left. 
“I haven’t been eating at home in the past few weeks. So, I didn’t use the fridge much. A few things must’ve expired. I’ll help throw them out,” Jeremy offered gently. 
Natalie awoke from her trance. She stiffened before conceding, ” Alright, throw them out. These vegetables have been here for a long time. They’ve rotted and become inedible. Let’s have pasta for breakfast. We have pre–cooked sauces, so breakfast will be ready 
soon.” 
“Let’s cook together.” 
“There’s no need for that!” Natalie refused loudly. Her reaction appeared to be reflexive. 
She could manage it herself. 
###chapter629
Jeremy froze for a second. He gazed at Natalie deeply and said softly, “I’ll wait for you outside.” 
Natalie dared not look at Jeremy. She knew how hurtful her 
rejection had been. She’d agreed to come back and try to forget what had happened. But now… 
Natalie stared at the pasta as it softened in the boiling water, lost in her thoughts. 
When she finished preparing two plates of pasta, Jeremy had 
changed out of his pajamas. He had put a suit on and sat before the dining table. He was scrolling through the news on his phone. 
This felt like a scene from their past. 
Natalie was disoriented. After a few moments, she remembered the plates of pasta she was holding. She walked over and placed one plate in front of Jeremy. 
Jeremy looked at the pasta before him before looking up at 
Natalie. He said softly, “Nath, let’s take things slowly.” 
Natalie’s eyes welled with tears. She wanted to speak, but nothing came out of her mouth. 
“I know what you’re going through, Nath. Believe me, I feel the 
same way,” continued Jeremy. 
Natalie couldn’t bring herself to look at Jeremy. She didn’t know how to deal with him. She said, “I believe you. Let’s have breakfast 
now. It won’t be nice if it cools.” 
She hadn’t been focused while boiling the pasta and hadn’t paid 
on to the time, so she had overcooked it. 
“Alright.” 
The two of them ate silently. 
After finishing breakfast, Natalie spoke before Jeremy was about to leave. “I’ll be heading off to work later as well.” 
Jeremy frowned upon hearing that. 
Upon seeing that, Natalie quickly made her stand. She said, “I was much happier at work. I won’t be able to stay at home doing nothing all day.” 
She didn’t want to continue living like how she did upon marrying Jeremy. 
Before finding out about Jeremy’s affair, Natalie tended to 
overthink. It had only gotten worse now. She didn’t want to stay at home. 
After a moment of silence, Jeremy gave in and said, “Alright.” 
While Skylar was out on her lunch break, she received an overseas call. When she saw the number, she thought it was a scam call. She’d seen numbers like this published online by organizations policing cybercrime. 
“Hello?” 
“Save me… Quick, save me… I beg you. I had made a mistake. It’s all because of Christopher. He brought me into this! I beg you, Skylar!” 
Skylar immediately recognized the voice. It was Maisy. However, she sounded weak. Maisy spoke in a whisper, seemingly unwilling 
to speak loudly, 
Suddenly, Skylar realized that Maisy hadn’t bothered her in a long time, and she had not sought Janine out. Maisy hadn’t appeared along with Kenny when they came looking for her. 
She’d previously ignored it because she found no reason to pay much attention to this. However, Maisy mentioned Christopher. Had they been together all this time? 
Considering Maisy’s tendency to scheme against her, Skylar believed this was likely a trap. She often devised absurd tactics one after another. 
“Can you use a foreign number to make calls within the country?” Skylar asked Caleb. 
He’d just returned from an overseas trip. Caleb glanced at the number, and a thought suddenly popped into his head. He said, This probably isn’t a scam call. It’s a private number. The person calling is probably overseas. Specifically, they should be in the Askea region.” 
“The Askea region?” repeated Skylar. She recalled what Maisy had said. It did sound like a plea for help. However, Maisy’s fate had nothing to do with her. 
A few hours after the call, she received another one. 
“Skylar, help me pay them one million. They’ll let me go if they’re paid one million. I can’t survive here. They’ve been forcing me to entertain those guests. They even kept me in dog cages. I beg you. I’ll do anything for you if you help me!” 
###chapter630
Skylar’s gaze softened. Unhurriedly, she said, “I’ll make a police report for you.” 
She would’ve helped to make a police report even if it had been a stranger on the line. However, that was all she would do. 
“No! Give me a million. It’s nothing to you. How could you watch me perish without attempting to save me?” Maisy questioned angrily. 
Skylar asked nonchalantly, “Where are you?” 
“It doesn’t matter where I am. You must save me. If not for you, 
wouldn’t have gotten to know Christopher. If I hadn’t known him, I wouldn’t be trafficked here. Do you know the life I’m living now? I’d be better off dead! Do you know that?” Maisy wanted to tear Skylar apart with her bare hands. 
Of course, she hated Christopher the most. 
“I’ll call the police now. Calm down and wait for help to arrive,” said Skylar. 
Suddenly, Maisy screamed, “I’ve made a mistake. It’s just a 
mistake. I don’t know what’s going on. I know nothing! I wasn’t talking to anyone. It was somebody else talking. Believe me! Aaargh!” 
Skylar could hear Majsy being slapped and electrocuted. She furrowed her brows. Then, the call ended. Someone must’ve taken the phone from Maisy and hung up. 
Skylar called the police and described what had happened. 
The police told her that they’d encountered situations like this frequently. The situation in the Askea region was extremely complicated, and they could only wait for updates. 
As to what Maisy said about being trafficked by Christopher, Skylar didn’t tell the police about it. She couldn’t confirm the truthfulness of the story. 
Maisy and Christopher were just as bad as each other. 
Joe did not come home for three days in a row. Skylar didn’t ask why. 
On the fourth day, she got a call from a middle–aged woman asking 
her to meet. 
She said she was Joe’s stepmother and was here on his father’s orders. Skylar was also told not to tell Joe about the meeting. 
Both Joe and Gloria seldom mentioned any of their other family members. So naturally, Skylar knew that Joe didn’t have a good relationship with his other relatives. If that were the case, why would she want to meet Skylar? 
Not long after, Skylar met her in person. She was a well–kept, elegant woman who looked around 40. 
At first glance, Skylar found her familiar. Once they’d sat down, Skylar figured out why she thought so. It was because the woman in front of her was Molly Frost. She was an actress who’d been hugely popular two decades ago. 
She’d at least been as popular as Austin. Her poster could be found in every household in the country. 
At the height of her popularity, she left the entertainment industry. 
Despite that, national TV stations often broadcast her movies and TV shows, especially during the summer holidays. 
Skylar wasn’t expecting Joe’s stepmother to be Molly. 
Molly was also surprised when she saw Skylar. She was prettier than most celebrities and looked like an obedient and quiet girl. 
X 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
###chapter631
Skylar didn’t seem like one of those youngsters who were arrogant and disrespectful. 
Molly invited kindly, “Have a seat.” 
Skylar nodded and replied, “Alright. 
“Take a look at the menu. What would you like to drink?” asked Molly. 
“Thanks, but I would rather just have some water,” Skylar said. She looked at the glass of water beside her. If she drank coffee now, it Would affect her sleep. Besides, her discussion with Molly wouldn’t take long. 
Skylar did not start asking questions immediately. Instead, she took a sip of water and waited. 
Molly wasn’t surprised to see how calm Skylar was. After all, she worked in Alexander’s team and handled cases individually. It was clear that she was a dependable, capable person. 
However, Joe’s father, Edwin Martin, was unsatisfied with her. 
“You and Joe have gotten married, right?” Molly asked gently. She didn’t seem like a difficult person to deal with. 
Skylar answered, “Yes.” 
Molly nodded with a small smile. She said, “Joe’s father, Edwin, and I have just found out about this two days ago. We know that Gloria introduced you to each other. Joe adores her. He wouldn’t refuse her demands.” 
Molly paused. Skylar remained expressionless as she listened to 
her silently. Suddenly, Molly felt that Joe, heartless as he was, had fallen for Skylar. If not, he wouldn’t have married her willingly. 
This made things difficult. 
“However, Edwin had chosen a woman for him to marry. They 
come from similarly wealthy families and have similar 
backgrounds. Their marriage will solidify the relationship between the two families. 
“You’ve made a great impression on me during our first meeting. I think you deserve to be widely adored. However, you and Joe are of different statuses and aren’t a good fit for each other. The public hasn’t found out who you are. Once they do, you won’t be 
able to deal with it.” 
As Molly spoke, she observed Skylar’s expressions. 
What a pity. Although Skylar was young, she was skilled in hiding her true feelings and managed to remain calm. She looked extremely obedient. However, that couldn’t be further from the truth. After all, she was unaffected by the opinions of others, even when Molly expressed her dissatisfaction with Skylar. 
“You know what I mean. I’m only Joe’s stepmother. I’ve come to meet you in place of Edwin, as it’s inconvenient for him to show up. Initially, I didn’t want to hurt you. However, it seems like the damage has been done,” Molly continued. 
Skylar nodded and asked, “What do you want me to do?” 
Molly was dumbfounded. She wasn’t expecting Skylar to be so reasonable. She didn’t beat around the bush and got straight to the point. 
Initially, she’d prepared herself thoroughly in case today’s situation would be difficult to handle. How many women could let Joe go 
after marrying him? 
She hadn’t even mentioned the huge amount of reparations that would surely convince Skylar to give up on him. 
“We would like you to divorce Joe before anyone finds out about your marriage. If you divorce each other now, the damage to Joe and the Martin family would be largely minimized. Don’t worry. We will compensate you for it. If you’ve got any demands, you may voice them out now. We won’t take advantage of you.” 
Dealing with such a reasonable woman saved Molly a lot of hassle. 
Skylar nodded lightly and continued, “Have you asked Joe about this?” 
Molly’s eyes glinted. She added, “Joe respects Gloria. If she 
doesn’t agree to the divorce, he probably won’t do it. However, this doesn’t mean his reluctance to divorce you is borne out of love. Do you understand?” 
“I do,” answered Skylar. She nodded once more. 
Molly had made things painfully clear. Skylar would’ve been an idiot if she still did not get what she meant. 
Skylar hadn’t been expecting this to happen to her. It felt like a scene out of a movie. 
As one of the main characters, it was an absurd feeling. 
###chapter632
Skylar looked down at her glass of water. Then, she grinned mockingly. 
Molly was satisfied by Skylar’s reaction. She pulled a check out of her bag. 
“You can fill in whatever value you like.” 
Most women would probably be unable to refuse such an attractive offer. It was something regular people would never obtain, yet it was within Skylar’s reach. 
Skylar stared at the check in front of her. She remained cold as she replied, “I don’t want it. Please take it back.” 
Skylar wasn’t interested in such a sudden fortune. 
Molly was bewildered. She asked, “W–What would you like, then?” 
She suddenly thought of a few dramas and novels that she’d read. They were extremely unrealistic and tended to give young women impractical ideas about love. 
They were under the impression that refusing everything that they were offered would make them unique. It would cause their partners to see them in a new light, and they would thus be a recipient of his love. In the end, they’d win the man and his money. 
Molly had thought of Skylar as a trustworthy woman, but now it was clear she remained too youthful and impressionable. Even without delving into the realities of affluent families, Joe was not
someone who would be moved by such passionate emotions. 
“I want Joe to tell me that he wants a divorce himself. The second he says so, I’ll leave him immediately,” stated Skylar firmly. 
It would only make sense if Joe handled things between them personally. 
Molly frowned and tried to convince her. “You’re too young. You don’t know what marrying into the Martin family entails. You’ll face a host of issues. They’re not something an inexperienced woman like you can deal with. Although this is our first meeting, I think you’re a smart woman. You should know what to do.” 
“I haven’t sat here and listened to you because you’re telling the truth. I did so because you’re an elder. I knew what I was getting into the second I married Joe. Just now, he texted me saying he’d already gotten home. My apologies, but I can’t stay here with you anymore,” Skylar replied. She stood up and picked up her bag in preparation to leave. 
Molly immediately furrowed her brows. She challenged, “Did you think Joe liked you? Do you know why he’s never had a woman by his side for all these years? In reality, he’s got someone he loves. She’s about to come back from overseas. The second she gives him a nod, he’ll divorce you immediately. It will be impossible for you to ask for anything then. 
“Gloria is not your get–out–of–jail–free card. Don’t you get it?” 
When Skylar heard that Joe had a woman he adored her hand tightened around her bag. However, she still looked extremely calm. 
” 
“I know what you mean. However, I stand by what I said. If Joe wants to divorce me because his crush has returned home, I’ll sign the agreement immediately. Don’t worry. I’m not eyeing any of the
Martin family’s assets. I’m not going to ask for anything.” 
Molly watched Skylar leave with a somber expression. 
The crease between her brows deepened, especially when she saw the check on the table, untouched by 
Skylar. 
A few minutes later, Molly made a call. “Skylar hasn’t agreed to get a divorce. Darling, Skylar isn’t a girl we can manipulate easily. I don’t think she’ll leave Joe easily. We’ll probably need to try making them divorce through Joe.” 
“We have to ensure they’re divorced before people find out about their marriage. She’s nothing more than a village girl. Think of a way to get it done.” 
After a moment of silence, Molly said, “Alright.” 
Skylar called Joe once she got back into the car. Joe had texted her, but she hadn’t replied yet. 
“I was busy with something just now. I’ll be reaching home soon.” 
Joe replied,” Alright.” 
His low tone was an indication of his current mood. 
Skylar’s eyes turned dark. She hung up after a while. 
20 minutes later, she got back to Galaxy Villa. It had been a smooth drive. 
Just as she was about to get out, Paul called her to say, “Mrs. Martin, Mr. Martin has been in a bad mood for the past few days. I can’t tell you why, but I hope you can spend some quality time with him.” 
After a few moments of silence, Skylar replied, “Alright.” 
###chapter633
Skylar could guess Molly’s motives for the meeting. 
Gloria and Joe scarcely mentioned Joe’s mom. When Joe was born two decades ago, Molly had already gotten together with Edwin. 
There was a complicated story behind it, one in which Joe was a victim. 
The second Skylar crossed the threshold, she was pulled into a warm embrace. Then, her lips were 
sealed with a kiss. 
Before she could get a word in, Joe carried her upstairs. 
Between pants, Joe said, “Hold me.“. 
Skylar put her arms around his neck. Joe immediately looked down and pulled Skylar closer. 
After multiple rounds, everything came to an end. Joe brought Skylar into the bathroom. After they bathed and changed into their pajamas, Skylar felt strength return to her. 
“I’ll make two bowls of pasta.” 
Skylar began walking downstairs, but Joe grabbed her hand and said, “There’s no need to rush. Pearlhall Residence will be bringing us dinner. They’ve probably put them in the dining room by now.” 
Joe had been especially clingy today. As he spoke, he hugged Skylar once more. 
Skylar smiled and asked, “Aren’t you hungry?” 
“I just ate, so I’m not hungry.” 
Skylar couldn’t help but blush as she replied, “Well, so am I.” 
Joe’s mood seemed to have improved. He leaned down and nibbled at her ear. He whispered, “Haven’t I been working hard just now? It’s my fault for not filling you up.” 
As he spoke, his hands reached down. 
Skylar was terrified. She pushed him away and complained, “You’ve been working hard, and you’re downright awesome, alright? You’ve done nothing wrong. It’s all my fault. I’m starving!” 
She wouldn’t be having dinner tonight if they did it again. 
When Skylar went downstairs, Joe trailed behind her. 
As expected, dinner had been laid on the table by the helpers of Pearlhall Residence. 
Skylar checked the time. It was already 10:00 pm. She thought of how they’d gone at it for three hours stra ht after getting home. 
She opened the food containers and told Joe, “I wonder when they’d arrived. The dishes have cooled down. I’ll heat them up.” 
Joe picked his phone up and glanced at the time. He replied, “They got here an hour before.” 
When Skyar heard they’d arrived an hour ago, she stopped moving. 
An hour ago, she and Joe were still in bed. No one had been home, and she couldn’t help but be loud in bed earlier. 
“Our marriage has been officiated. It’s normal for a married couple to do whatever we want at home,” 
said Joe. He was very open. 
Even if the helpers from Pearlhall Residence heard anything, they would’ve pretended as though they 
hadn’t. 
Skylar was in awe of Joe’s shamelessness. She didn’t continue discussing the topic. Instead, she sat down and got ready to eat dinner. Joe followed suit. 
###chapter634
They’d sweated profusely just now. Both of them were rather hungry. They quietly ate. 
After they were done eating, Joe asked, “Aren’t you curious about where I’ve been these past few days?” 
Skylar looked at him and asked, “Didn’t you say you had something to handle?” 
“A few members of the Martin family had come back. went to meet them,” Joe said lowly. 
Skylar had guessed that. However, she nodded and replied, “Alright, then. Do you need me to help you with anything?” 
The fact that Molly had come to see her meant that she wouldn’t be left in peace. Of course, Joe wouldn’t be living a serene life either. 
Suddenly, Skylar recalled Molly’s words. Joe had a woman he loved. 
“Not for now. Perhaps I’ll take you to meet them in a few days. You only have to remember that Gloria is the most important member of my family. As to everyone else, they’re only relatives who share the same last name. They’re unimportant,” Joe said coldly. 
She and Joe were rather similar. They only cared about Gloria. For her, it didn’t matter who was in the Martin family and what they wanted. They had nothing to do with her. Gloria was Skylar’s only concern. 
Looking at Skylar’s kind expression, Joe noticed he’d become extremely cold upon talking about the 
Martins. It might scare Skylar or even cause her to misunderstand the situation. 
He was about to offer an explanation, but Skylar had walked over to turn on the television. She seemed completely unaffected. Joe swallowed his words and went to the couch to watch TV with Skylar. 1 
Although they were sitting together, they harbored thoughts of their own. Skylar’s eyes were affixed on the television. However, her thoughts were far away. 
Natalie waved goodbye to Austin and Hank as their car stopped in front of her house. She said, “Thanks, Mr. Powell. Thank you, Hank. I’ll head in now. See you guys tomorrow.” 
Austin’s event for the night had just ended. Due to the late hour, they’d asked the driver to drop her at home first. 
“Be careful. See you tomorrow,” Austin replied while nodding. 
“Alright, you too!” 
Natalie watched as Austin left. 
Then, she walked home. 
Looking at the brightly lit mansion, Natalie knew that Jeremy was home. He’d come home every day for 
the past week. 
The awkwardness between them hadn’t receded even though they saw each other daily. They kept their distance and behaved courteously. 
Natalie inhaled deeply as thoughts whirled through her head. Then, she walked in. 
A silhouette stood by the window of the second floor. Jeremy noticed Natalie’s hesitation in entering the 
house. 
At the same time, Hank said to Austin, “Why has she moved back here? Has she gotten back together 
with Jeremy? That explains why she asked to end her break and come to work.” 
After asking the question, he observed Austin’s expression. 
212 
Austin’s jaw was clenched. He hadn’t said a word since Natalie left. Hank had guessed what was going 
1. on. 
“It looks like they’ve gotten back together. With that temper of hers, she wouldn’t have moved in with him. Natalie looks like a perfectionist. Yet, she managed to ive with Jeremy’s affair. Indeed, love is the answer to all things. Marriage is hard,” sighed Hank. 
It was time for Austin to give up on her. 
Austin’s eyes glinted frostily as he stated, “She definitely went home for a reason.” 
Based on his understanding of Natalie, Jeremy wouldn’t be able to repair the broken relationship once the damage had been done. There was no point in fantasizing about returning to how things
were before the incident. 
They said a broken mirror was difficult to repair, but it wasn’t merely a saying. 
###chapter635
Hank raised an eyebrow and asked, “Why do you think that?” 
Austin responded, “I don’t know.” 
“Do you think she’d given in to Jeremy for the sake of your career? Look at the organizers who’d cancelled your events in the past few days. They’ve apologized to me constantly since then. Your work has remained nearly unaffected.” 
Austin’s expression was somber as he replied, “I don’t think so. She’d rather lose her job than compromise with Jeremy. There must be another reason.” 
What had Jeremy done? 
Hank was utterly stupefied. He said, “Let it go. If we can’t figure it out, let’s stop wasting our brains on this. Natalie is a smart woman. She knows what she’s doing and definitely won’t be easily swayed by others.” 
S 
Hank no longer wanted to think about it. It was nothing much to him. However, Austin was in a different 
situation. 
Hank could feel Austin’s mood change. 
Once they’d dropped Natalie off at home, Austin looked extremely displeased. 
Clearly, Natalie’s willingness to forgive Jeremy wasn’t good news to Austin. Hank confirmed that Austin was indeed into Natalie. Perhaps he’d even eyed her from the start. 
“However, I must tell you that most of your work is still concentrated in Jipsburg. Fighting for Jeremy’s woman will be seen as a challenge to him. You won’t gain anything from this! Why don’t you go for someone else? If you would like a girlfriend, countless women are lining up for the position,” Hank advised. 
He’d been worried sick about Austin recently. Natalie was excellent, except for the fact that she was 
married. 
Austin glared at Hank and scolded, “You can shut up now.” 
Hank’s lips twitched, and he rolled his eyes. He sighed, “Alright, I’ll shut it. Will that do?” 
He’d ask them to come up with a few PR plans. That was the least he could do, wasn’t it? He’d help Austin focus on his overseas career instead. 
There probably wasn’t a second agent in Jipsburg who would put as much effort into his job. 
Austin ignored Hank and looked out the window. There was rarely anyone on the streets, only the 
occasional two or three. 
He was silent for around ten minutes. Then, he browsed through his WhatsApp chat records with Natalie. 
Natalie was like the sun. She brought him warmth whenever they spoke to each other. “That dumb woman, “Austin sighed inwardly. 
Outside Galaxy Villa, a figure hid behind a tree. He locked his eyes on the mansion as though he could see through the blinds. 
It was Christopher. He looked up at the bedrooms. Only one room was lit. Then, it dimmed. Upon seeing that, Christopher’s mood fell to rock bottom. 
Skylar and Joe were staying in the same bedroom. 
When Christopher thought of Skylar lying on the same bed with Joe, his eyes glinted murderously. 
If Máisy hadn’t seduced him on purpose and caused him to betray Skylar, they would’ve been married by now and living a happy life. Yet, Skylar was in bed with another man, contented and in love. When he imagined it, regret and agony filled his heart. 
“Skylar, I’ve returned. I won’t let you leave me once more. I’ll shower you with love if you come back to me! 
The next day, Gloria asked Skylar to visit her at Pearlhall Residence. 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
###chapter636
As Gloria waited for Skylar to arrive, she asked Edgar to prepare various delicious dishes. 
Gloria glanced at the time. “Skylar will probably arrive in ten minutes.” 
Edgar nodded in agreement. He said, “She most likely will. Although, the roads might be congested at this hour.” 
“I can’t believe that they dared to disdain Skye. How could Edwin find a good woman for Joe with his horrible taste in women? He’d hurt Joe’s mom, and now he wants to destroy Joe’s marriage! I’m so angry!” 
Edgar consoled immediately, “Calm down, Mrs. Martin Senior. They haven’t met Mrs. Martin before. Naturally, they don’t know what an exceptional young lady she is. This is normal. Besides, Mr. Martin is very determined. They wouldn’t be able to destroy Joe’s marriage even if they tried.” 
Worried, Gloria maintained her frown. “I’ve been feeling anxious in the past few days. I’m afraid they won’t be able to pass the test. If their relationship sours, problems are sure to arise.” 
“You’ve been dwelling on it until it has seeped into your dreams. You keep fretting over their relationship, which is why you’ve been feeling nervous. Last night, our helpers brought them dinner and heard them going at it in the bedroom. How could their relationship possibly sour? Don’t overthink it, Mrs. Martin Senior. Mrs. Martin would be worried if she found out,” Edgar advised. 
With that, Edgar managed to calm Gloria down. 
Just then, Skylar arrived. Her smile fell when she saw Gloria’s pale face. She asked, “Grandma, are you feeling ill?” 
She had been swamped with work the past few days, and much had transpired. In the midst of it all, she hadn’t visited Gloria at Pearlhill Residence. Skylar only just realized her oversight. 
“Nothing, I just missed you. Come over and let me take a good look at you,” Gloria waved Skylar over. 
Skylar went over and sat beside Gloria. Skylar picked up on Gloria’s weird behavior. 
Had Gloria asked her to visit because Edwin had returned? 
“I had a few projects on hand, so I’ve been busy. I’d planned to have dinner with you a few days back, but the thought slipped my mind amidst all my tasks.” 
Considering Joe’s recent behavior, she ought to have thought of Gloria long ago. She hadn’t been meticulous enough. 
“If you have work to do, you must focus on that. I just thought of you today and wanted you to accompany me for dinner. I’ve gotten old and can’t stand the loneliness,” Gloria said. As she held Skylar’s hand, she felt herself calm. 
In a sudden moment of reflection, Skylar remembered Viola, who always lit up with excitement during visits when Skylar recounted her school escapades. 
Now that Viola stayed in Zindel Residence alone without the company of any relatives, she would definitely feel lonely. 
“In that case, I’ll come frequently to keep you company. During the weekends, I might even be able to stay overnight.” 
Gloria nodded and said, “That’s great. But if you’re busy, just sleep at Galaxy Villa. My place is quite far from the city center. It would be a waste of your time for you to drive back and forth.” 
At this age, Gloria could tell who treated her genuinely and who truly had a kind soul. 
Skylar was a good woman and wouldn’t let those narrow–minded people destroy their marriage. “Right, I’ve got to tell you something. If one of the Martins seeks you out and tries to pressure you into leaving Joe, don’t pay them any mind. With me here, no one will be able to come in between you two. Live a good life with Joe, alright?” Gloria said worriedly. 
Skylar suddenly understood why Gloria was in a bad mood. Gloria was scared that the Martins would try to meet her. 
###chapter637
Someone had sought just Skylar out yesterday. However, Skylar couldn’t tell Gloria for fear of making her worry. She would just deal with them herself. 
She nodded smilingly and said, “Alright! I’ll do as you say. Don’t worry, Grandma. I value your advice over everyone else’s. I won’t listen to a word of what they say.” 
Skylar coaxed her until she calmed. All of Gloria’s anxiety soon disappeared. 
Edgar smiled as he watched. When it came to critical moments like these, they still needed Skylar to handle them. 
He’d tried consoling Gloria just now, but it had been all for naught. With a few words, Skylar managed to relieve her nervousness entirely. 
In Moran Residence, Edwin and Molly’s home, Molly gave Edwin a bowl of freshly boiled herbal medicine. 
“Darling, the herbal medicine is ready. Drink some now.” 
Edwin took it from her and downed it in one go. Then, he passed the empty bowl back to Molly. 
His face remained somber. Molly asked, “Gloria isn’t giving in, is she?” 
“Mom has gotten old. She doesn’t remember what the Martin family is like. Furthermore, she’s set on insisting that Skylar is the best fit for Joe. It’s not like I would harm my own son, right? 
“Skylar was born in the village. Although she was then found to be the heiress to the Williams family, they are but a tiny family compared to us. In addition, the Williams family is currently in tatters. What can they give Joe? Joe has lost his mind under Skylar’s spell. If I’d known about this, I would’ve returned a few months earlier,” Edwin complained. A vein popped on his forehead. 
Molly sighed and said, “I’m sorry, darling. Gloria has never liked me. In addition, she’s not in the best of health. Joe keeps his distance from me and will not heed my advice. As to Skylar, the fact that she can satisfy Joe and Gloria means that she’s a smart woman.” 
“There are countless intelligent people out there. I wouldn’t comment if Joe were just having a fling with her. However, they’ve gotten married! I will not support this marriage. Have you made the arrangements as per my instructions?” 
When Molly heard Edwin mentioned about having a fling, her eyes dimmed. She knew that he’d had multiple affairs all these years. 
Yet, she knew Edwin loved her. If not, he wouldn’t have done everything to marry her. He’d even severed his relationship with Gloria for her. 
However, they’d been married for too long, and the novelty of their relationship had worn off. Considering his position in society, there were certainly women lining up to sleep with him. Molly used to obsess over 
, but as time went on, she stopped caring. 
“I’m making the arrangements, darling. We can’t be too hasty. There has been some history between you and Joe as well. We can’t let him know that we are behind it,” replied Molly gently after collecting herself. 
She recalled Skylar. She was gorgeous, perhaps even more beautiful than Molly had been at the peak of her youth. However, Molly felt like it was a pity for her to meet such an end. 
However, this was their life. 
Edwin had always been confident in Molly’s abilities. He grasped her hand, his gaze warm, and said, ” You’re right.” 
While Natalie was on her lunch break, Kate called. 
“Nath, Jeremy told me you’ve gone back to work. Is that true? You must take care of yourself. If you’re too tired, you must take a break, alright? Right, how are things between the two of you going?” 
###chapter638
Natalie could tell that Kate was concerned. 
Natalie was resigned. However, she had no idea what to do. She and Jeremy…. 
“We’re doing fine, Mom. After all, many things have happened. We can’t proceed too hastily with this. We have to take it slow and try to minimize the damage he’s done to our relationship. Alright, don’t worry, Mom,” 
After hanging up, Natalie’s appetite vanished as she stared at the lunch box before her. 
She and Jeremy were as courteous to each other as strangers. They felt familiar, but also like they didn’t know each other at all. Even though they were having dinner together, they didn’t say a word. 
Natalie knew that Jeremy was waiting for her to make a move. However, there were many problems between them, and they weren’t issues that could be solved in a day or two. 
As the days passed, she only felt an acute sense of helplessness growing within her. She resisted every initiation of physical contact subconsciously. She flinched every time. 
When she tried to stop herself from flinching away, her body would remain extremely stiff. 
Jeremy was a perceptive man. He must have noticed her refusal, so he didn’t force himself on her. Regardless, whenever Jeremy approached, Natalie immediately thought of Annabelle and the video. 
“Don’t you like today’s lunch?” 
Suddenly, Austin posed the question from above her. It disrupted Natalie’s train of thought. 
Natalie looked at the lunch box. She’d only taken a few bites. She looked at Austin and said, “Perhaps I’ve overeaten in the morning. I’m not feeling hungry now.” 
The lunch boxes provided by the filming crew were great. She loved having them most of the time, except her appetite was gone. It was a pity her lunchbox would go to waste. 
Austin didn’t remark on what he’d see. He said, “In that case, don’t force yourself to continue eating. If you get hungry later, you can just order some takeout.” 
“Okay!” Natalie replied immediately while nodding. 
Austin gazed at her deeply before going back to film a scene. 
Hank asked Natalie softly, “Nath, have you gotten into a difficult situation? You seem troubled.” 
Since Austin couldn’t ask, he would pose the question instead. This could be passed off as an attempt to monitor the psychological health of his employees. 
Natalie was stunned. “Have I made it that obvious?” 
“Kind of. After all, I see you every day. A change has taken over you since you returned to work a few days ago. What’s making you so unhappy?” 
After a few moments of silence, Natalie answered, “I ran into some problems recently. I’ve got to make a tough decision. But don’t you worry, Hank. I won’t let it affect my performance at work.” 
“Of course. I’m not worried at all,” Hank assured her. He complained internally that he was concerned for Austin instead. 
However, what decision did she have to make? Was it whether or not she would divorce Jeremy? 
Hank wasn’t in a position where he could ask those questions. 
###chapter639
Richest Mog 
Before Natalie had found out about his affair with Annabelle, Natalie would send Jeremy messages from time to time. Sometimes, she sent him cute selfies. She also flirted with him and reminded him to eat on time. 
In the past, Jeremy did not think much of it. 
Although Natalie had come home and tried her best to interact with him like how they did in the past, these easily overlooked details painted a troubling picture. 
Just then, Tristan knocked on the door and walked in. 
“Mr. Hughes, Mason Chavez, Annabelle’s stepfather, called me just now. He asked me whether you’ve ever offended anybody. Annabelle has come clean. She said that someone sought her out and gave her the bracelet. From then onward, Annabelle contacted him directly. 
“As to who this person is, Annabelle isn’t sure either. Every time they met, he appeared with a mask. He’s around 70 years old. When Mason tried to contact him, he had already blocked Annabelle’s number and deleted his Whatsapp account.” 
Jeremy’s eyes darkened. He asked, “Did you say he was a 70–year–old man?” 
Even if he did have a few enemies, a 70–year–old man wouldn’t be one of them. This man was old enough to be his grandfather. 
However, this was a carefully planned scheme against him, and Annabelle was merely a tool. Even if Annabelle weren’t in the picture, there would be other people to take her place. 
Jeremy looked sullen. After all, no one had ever schemed against him and succeeded. 
“I’ll look into it right now,” Tristan promised immediately. 
After he left, Jeremy called Joe and told him about what had happened. 
“You’re not the only person he has plotted against. He probably included Mr. Doherty, Mr. Solarius Senior, and others in his schemes. Even Mr. Gardner Senior fell for his nefarious designs,” Joe said. 
“It looks like this old man is acting against the wealthy families of Jipsburg. Perhaps many others have suffered in his hands unbeknownst to them. I’ll warn John about this later. Then, I’ll ask Skylar whether she has any preventative methods.” 
Jeremy lit a cigarette. After a long drag, he exhaled a puff of smoke and said mockingly, “What a brave old man. However, perhaps he might not be a man at all.” 
“Thanks for reminding me.” 
“If you’ve nothing else to say, I’ll hang up now.” 
“Okay.” 
Jeremy then sent Natalie a message. He said, “What time do you get off work? I’ll pick you up.” 
A few minutes later, Natalie replied. 
Looking at Natalie’s short reply, Jermy narrowed his eyes. He wouldn’t let Natalie slip out of his hands because of another’s schemes! 
Jenny stood before the Martin Group with her résumé in hand. She’d been told to come over for an 
interview today. 
She had gotten to where she was today, relying on her capabilities and talents. 
Jenny had seldom come to the Martin Group. In the past, she’d merely passed by. 
When she imagined Joe’s surprise at seeing her in the office, excitement bubbled within her. 
Before she stepped in, Rowan called and asked, “Are you really going to the Martin Group?” 
“Yes, I’ve made up my mind,” Jenny stated firmly. 
Ever since she’d visited Galaxy Villa, she’d only become more determined in her choice. She couldn’t watch as Joe and Skylar lived happy lives. In the past, she’d fantasized about living there as well. 
All her friends in Jipsburg tried convincing her to live peacefully with Joe. Everything she had was because of Joe. Jenny wasn’t a kid anymore. She knew what she wanted to have. 
Rowan was silent for a while before saying, “I hope you won’t regret it.” 
“If I didn’t show up here today, I would regret it,” Jenny said. 
“Alright, good luck.” 
Jenny frowned. She said, “Rowan, I know you’ll be my best friend no matter what happens.” 
Rowan chuckled lightly and said, “Once I get engaged, won’t be your best friend anymore. Everyone tends to be selfish. You’d better look out for yourself.” 
###chapter640
Jenny stared at her phone. Rowan had hung up on her. Grimness settled over her. 
Why was Rowan forcing her into making a decision? He’d known that she liked Joe for a long time, yet he announced the news of his engagement in such a fashion. 
him ked 
Jenny thought he’d never settle down. Countless women had kept him company for wasn’t he keeping himself unattached because of his love for her? 
years. However, 
She bit her lips while lost in thought. Suddenly, a few women passed behind her. They were about her age. Jenny composed herself and walked into the building. 
Joe had taken Skylar’s car to work and accidentally left a few documents in her car. Since he was free, he asked Lucas to drive him to the Gardner Group. 
As he had given Alexander a heads–up, he’d been allowed to enter the building to seek Skylar out. However, he hadn’t told Skylar about it. 
Thus, when Joe saw Skylar engrossed in her work, he could hardly look away. He stood before the glass windows and watched her. 
However, this was the first time Joe considered Caleb a nuisance as he stood by Skylar. Caleb didn’t even look like he’d gone through puberty. His feelings for Skylar were apparent as he stared intently at her. Caleb was even more shameless than Joe, Skylar’s legal husband. 
Joe pursed his lips. 
When Alexander hurried over after finishing his work, he caught sight of Joe glaring through the window. He’d nearly burned a hole through the glass. 
One look at Joe and Alexander knew that he was completely under Skylar’s spell. 
In the past few days, he’d heard rumors that Edwin did not approve of Joe and Skylar’s relationship. 
“When Skye is absorbed in her work, she seldom pays attention to her surroundings. Indeed, she’s mastered what Viola has to teach her. She might even surpass Viola’s skills,” praised Alexander generously. 
He was implying that Skylar was an excellent woman. Joe must have saved the universe in his past life for him to marry Skylar. 
In addition, Skye had helped many of Alexander’s old friends. All of them were coming up with ways to return Skylar’s kindness. However, not everyone would deserve such kindness. 
As elders, they had a broader perspective on life. It seemed like Skylar didn’t deserve Joe due to her poorer background, but it was unclear who was truly taking advantage of whom. 
Joe nodded and said, “She is indeed talented.” 
Hê seldom saw this side of Skylar. Now that he had seen this side of her with his own eyes, Joe had felt his heart skip a beat. 
Just then, Skylar noticed Joe. Through the window, she felt rather disoriented, and she thought her sight had failed her. 
Surprised, Caleb exclaimed, “Joe?” 
Skylar put her work away and walked out. 
“I left my documents in your car,” Joe explained once she walked out. 
Skylar understood. That explained why Joe had shown up. She replied, “I wasn’t paying attention to whether there were documents in the car. I’ll take a look there.” 
“Alright.” 
They walked toward the elevator side by side. 
Alexander and Caleb had been completely ignored. They exchanged glances with each other. 
Caleb was rather jealous, complaining, “Skylar’s awesome. Look at Joe’s arrogant face, Grandpa. It’s like everyone owes him money. He doesn’t know how to treat Skylar right.” 
Caleb seemed about to insist that Joe leave Skylar if the latter couldn’t treat her well, and the former would take over and treat her like the queen she was. 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter641
Alexander glared at Caleb and said, “Your intentions toward Skylar are painfully clear. Stop staring at Skylar and find another girl for yourself.” 
“I’m just a boy. Aren’t you a little too young to have a great–grandson? Based on my predictions, you’ll be waiting for at least another decade. Please wait patiently. There’s no hurry.” 
“Go away! I won’t give a damn even if you stay a bachelor for the rest of your life,” Alexander scolded, rolling his eyes. 
Caleb wasn’t doing particularly well. A great–grandson was entirely out of the picture. 
Caleb chuckled and said, “I won’t stay single forever. I’m the of desire for a million girls. They’re lining up to date me. My problem is that I’m not shallow enough. I like girls like Skylar. If someone like her comes along, I’ll marry her for sure.” 
“In that case, you can stop dreaming. There won’t be another girl like Skylar,” Alexander huffed. 
Caleb pursed his lips and said, “I’ll get to work.” 
Their age gap was too big. He didn’t want to continue talking to Alexander. 
Skylar and Joe arrived in the parking lot. 
On the way there, they passed a bunch of Skylar’s colleagues. All of them were extremely curious about Joe. 
Skylar only introduced Joe as her boyfriend. 
They arrived in the parking lot, and Joe opened the car door. As he did so, Joe scrutinized Skylar. He asked, “Why did you introduce me as your boyfriend?” 
It seemed like she hadn’t gotten used to him as her husband. 
Skylar opened the door to the passenger’s seat. She cared little about Joe’s question. She replied, “My colleagues don’t know that we’re married. I’ve never told them about it. If I introduce you as my husband, it might come as a shock.” 
“Next time, you can introduce me as your husband,” Joe insisted. He pulled out his documents, and as he spoke, he placed special emphasis on the word “husband“. 
Skylar grinned and replied, “Alright.” 
She would definitely introduce Joe as her husband when an opportunity presented itself. 
Joe pulled her into his embrace and kissed her hard. He had wanted to kiss her from the moment he saw her through the window. She was his woman. 
Skylar was shocked. 
She looked around and sighed in relief once she confirmed that no one was around them. If journalists were stalking Joe for a scandalous picture, her marriage with Joe would become public knowledge. 
“Why do I feel like we’re cheating? Our marriage has been legalized. No one can do anything to us even if we make out right here,” Joe argued. 
He touched his lips, which were still warm with Skylar’s heat. His lips were smudged with her lipstick. She usually wore pastel lipsticks that didn’t make a bold statement. The stains on his fingers reminded him of 
his impulsive actions. 
Joe couldn’t help himself. He sealed her lips with his once more. 
Skylar’s eyes widened. He wasn’t scared of letting others know about their relationship at all. 
In the last few days, she’d felt like a pair of eyes were watching every action. She felt extremely unsafe. However, her paranoia dissolved in Joe’s kiss. 
A few feet away, Christopher sat in a car, watching them kiss like they were the only people in the world. His eyes glinted furiously. Skylar was his woman! 
Joe was evil. How could he be with Skylar? 
A telephoto lens was aimed at the couple in another car. It snapped a photo of their actions and was immediately sent to Molly. 
When she saw the picture, her expression turned somber. She showed it to Edwin and commented, “It looks like Joe really adores Skylar.” 
Joe’s expression darkened. He said, “A man will never stay loyal to a woman forever. However, even if he has fallen for her, I will not give them my blessing.” 
“I’ve just found out that Skylar has an ex. We can make use of that fact,” Molly proposed. 
###chapter642
Edwin nodded and said, “I’ll leave it to you. You don’t need to report every aspect of the plan.” 
“Alright, I’ll make the necessary arrangements. Darling, you’ve got a bunch of things to handle. This is only a small matter. I’ll deal with it,” Molly assured softly. 
She massaged Edwin’s shoulders. Her gentleness and thoughtfulness were what Edwin loved most about 
her. 
Countless women had warmed his bed, but Molly was the only one he’d ever loved. He’d never regretted the decision he’d made back then. The only person he owed an apology to was Joe. 
Skylar and Joe ate lunch together at a pasta restaurant opposite her office. 
Joe told Skylar about the situation Jeremy was in. 
Skylar said grimly, “I feel like a pair of sinister hands are approaching you from the shadows, and they will strike when you least expect it.” 
I have you. I don’t care,” Joe insisted nonchalantly. 
Skylar visited Pearlhall Residence frequently and spent most of her time with Joe. Skylar believed that both Joe and Gloria would be fine. 
“Sometimes, I might miss out on some things. The key is to stay determined to prevent yourself from being seduced by those negative items,” Skylar explained. 
Joe raised a brow and asked, “Are you saying I’m not determined enough?” 
Skylar didn’t know what to say in response. Although he possessed resolve, he occasionally let his instincts take over. 
Suddenly, Skylar turned around. 
Joe noticed her actions and asked, “What are you looking at?” 
“Nothing,” Skylar replied. After looking around, she confirmed that it was probably just her imagination No one was looking at her. 
Joe followed Skylar’s gaze. His eyes darkened when he caught a glimpse of something. After a brief pause, he looked back at Skylar and said, “I’ll take you back to the office later before leaving.” 
“Alright.” 
Half an hour later, Joe dropped Skylar back at Gardner Group. 
On the way back to the Martin Group, Joe called Paul and ordered, “Get Skylar a few bodyguards to protect her. Then, check whether anyone is stalking Skylar.” 
They hadn’t seen each other for years. Joe had forgotten how he operated. He could utilize evil tactics as long as it got the job done. 
Skylar wouldn’t be able to handle such sinister darkness. 
Paul heeded Joe’s orders immediately. He said, “I’ll arrange for it now. The men will be stationed by her side within an hour.” 
“Okay.” 
Jenny left Martin Group with a grin on her face. 
On the cab, she shared the great news with her friends. She’d gotten into the Martin Group without the help of anyone else. 
She would become colleagues with Joe in the future. She didn’t know how Joe would react upon seeing her in the office. 
After telling all her close friends about it, she called Rowan. However, he didn’t pick up. 
Usually, Rowan picked up her calls quickly. 
Suddenly, she thought of what Rowan had said. He wasn’t going to start drawing boundaries, was he? Had he fallen out of love with her and gotten engaged? Would he accept a pre–arranged marriage? Didn’t he hate having his marriage dictated? Wasn’t he adamant about rejecting it? 
When she thought of that, Jemmy gave Rowan another call. Still, no one picked up. 
Half an hour later, Rowan texted her, saying he was busy. 
Jenny found it hard to accept such a perfunctory response. She refused to give up and called him once more. This time, Rowan picked up. 
###chapter643
Jenny said, "I've made it through the interview, Rowan."
Rowan hummed gently and said, "Congratulations."
"D-Don't you have anything else to say to me? Tonight, let's celebrate this together. I'll make dinner," suggested Jenny.
"You should celebrate with your friends. I've got a dinner party to go to. The renovations on your house are completed. I've dealt with the smell, so you can move in immediately. I'll send a moving company over to assist you. Alright, I've got a task on hand. I'll hang up now," said Rowan succinctly. He hung up before Jenny could get a word in sideways.
Jenny stared at her phone, lost in thought.
Was he chasing her away?
How could Rowan be so heartless and uncaring? Why wasn't he pampering her like he used to?
She felt as though something was pressing down on her chest. Jenny had a feeling that they would be drifting apart.
Jenny paled. She texted Rowan and asked, "Rowan, are you going to keep me at arm's length too?
After graduating from university, she could live with the fact that her friends were all heading to different places. However, she couldn't stand having a man she'd known for such a long time distancing himself from her especially because he had shifted his love for her onto another woman. Unexpectedly, the message elicited no response. Jenny had no idea whether Rowan had read it and refused to reply, or if he had not seen it at all. Perhaps he'd seen it but was too busy to offer a response.
When Jenny returned to Rowan's house, it was pitch black. Even when she switched on the lights, she saw nothing of note.
Rowan wasn't home, nor had he come home.
Yesterday, he'd made dinner for her at home. Although he had no idea how to cook, he whipped something up for her. Although it looked horrible, she could feel Rowan's concern and love for her.
Why had Rowan changed at the drop of a coin?
An hour later, Jenny lay in bed as her thoughts spiraled.
While talking to her friend, she swiped through Instagram. Suddenly, she saw Rowan's story-he had only posted it a few minutes earlier.
Her face paled and she sat up straight in bed.
Rowan had gotten engaged. He'd been busy because he'd gone back home to get engaged. His fiancée was a woman from a wealthy background. They were perfect fit for each other.
Suddenly, Jenny found it hard to breathe.
This explaiend why he'd asked her to move out tomorrow. He'd gotten engaged and wanted to draw boundaries with her.
Not long ago, he'd visited her in
Korel City. He said he'd waited for her for years just to be together. The second she nodded, he would
ensure the women around his ne
disappeared. He was only putting on an act with them to make her jealous. 
Jenny knew that Rowan wasn't lying about it then. He had been telling the truth. But now...
Jenny immediately called Rowan. He promptly answered her call.
"You've gotten engaged. Rowan, didn't you say you hated arranged marriages? Didn't you insist that you would pursue true love? Didn't you say that you loved me? Why would you get engaged just like that? Do you even like her?" 
She assaulted him with a barrage of questions.
Rowan chuckled. "I do like you. However, that does not mean I have to wait for you like an idiot. Everyone knows that my fiancée is a good woman. Perhaps I might fall for her in the future." 
"Rowan, don't lie to yourself. You..." Jenny didn't know what to say. She felt unsettled.
Rowan seemed to be able to tell what Jenny was thinking about. He said, "While you try getting closer to Joe, you still expect me to wait for you in place. Jenny, I'm not an idiot."
"I... It's not what you think. I... I just don't want you to make a mistake," Jenny stuttered. She felt as though someone had seen through her. It was embarrassing.
###chapter644
Rowan huffed coldly. He said, "You don't want me to make a mistake?"
"Yes, Rowan," Jenny insisted. She bit her lip.
"Jenny, I told you that I'm not an idiot. You know what you were thinking. I saw through your intentions the moment you decided to enter Martin Group. I will not be your backup. Don't call me unless it's absolutely necessary."
It was clear that he was drawing away from Jenny.
Jenny was stupefied. She hadn't noticed when the call cut off. She only knew that Rowan didn't want to continue waiting for her. He also didn't want to have anything to do with her.
Jenny's teeth sunk into her lip. She only laid back down after a long time.
"I don't regret going to the Martin Group. I can't lose Joe. As for Rowan... He'll make sense of things one day. He definitely will."
Rowan hadn't gotten married. He was only engaged.
Right, that was it.
...
Natalie got back home before Jeremy that day. She'd just received a message from Jeremy telling her he had last-minute work to do and would be back late.
She hadn't even realized that she relaxed upon stepping onto the threshold of their house when she knew that Jeremy wasn't coming home. After dinner, she went upstairs for a shower.
Just as she drifted off, she was startled by her phone ringing.
Natalie picked up without even opening her eyes.
"Natalie, I've made a mistake. I know I've made a mistake. I shouldn't have set my eyes on someone I couldn't have. I utilized dirty tactics against Mr. Hughes. He never loved me. He fell formy trap. Please, tell him to let me go, alright? It was all my fault. Forgive Mr. Hughes and live a good life with him. Then, speak a few good words for me. Tell him to let me go!" 
Annabelle's desperate pleas came through the phone.
Natalie sprung awake. "Annabelle?"
Annabelle's sobs became even more desperate. She begged, "I know it was all my fault. My life can't be ruined just like that. I've done my absolute best to leave my home. I slaved my way to Jipsburg. How could I give birth to Mason's kid? How could I?"
Natalie was confused. What was Annabelle going on about?
"Why are you calling me?" Natalie asked directly. Annabelle was begging her for Jeremy to let her off the hook. What had Jeremy done to her? "Natalie, I can't stand it anymore! Mr. Hughes made Mason, my rapist stepfather, take me home. He's forcing me to bear his children. He brainwashed my mom. I've gotten this far. How could I bear the children of a rapist? I won't let myself be destroyed like that.
"I know Mr. Hughes was behind this.
I've been monitored 24/7. I can't escape. Mr. Hughes adores you. He'll listen to whatever you say. Help me reason with him. I can leave the country and never return. In reality, Mr. Hughes had never loved me. I coerced him into this," Annabelle confessed softly, as though terrified that she would be overheard. 
In truth, Annabelle was in a hurry to come clean to Natalie.
Natalie understood.
"You would've fared better calling the police than me. Annabelle, you're saying all of this just to piss me off, aren't you? You want to drive a wedge between us again, right?" Natalie pointed out why Annabelle was calling her.
After a few moments of silence, Annabelle explained hurriedly, "No, that's not what happened. I regret what I've done. No one can stop what Mr. Hughes is insistent on doing. Making a police report won't do anything. Mason hasn't left any evidence behind. I have no way to prove what he's done."
"You're the only one who can save me now! Natalie, I know you're not a cold-blooded person. You're extremely kind. So..."
Any remnant of Natalie's drowsiness dissipated. She questioned, "Do you think you can still push me around? We're adults and must suffer punishment for our wrongdoings. If a criminal could comment on the kindness of their victim after committing a horrible crime and plead for forgiveness, wouldn't this be a lawless world?" 
"You!"
###chapter645
Annabelle had no idea Natalie would be so perceptive. Indeed, wealthy men never fell for dumb, na?ve girls. That only happened in novels. "Calling the police would be more helpful," Natalie reminded once more.
Annabelle inhaled deeply and said, "Whether you believe it or not, I am immersed in regret right now."
She'd messed with someone she shouldn't have and made a horrible mistake. If she hadn't schemed against him, she might've had a successful career in the Hughes Group. Mason wouldn't have sought her out either.
"Regret does not reverse what has happened," Natalie stated emotionlessly. She got out of bed with her phone in hand.
Suddenly, she felt like she couldn't breathe. As she drew the curtains and was about to open the windows, she saw Jeremy. He'd come home. Annabelle probably realized that she wouldn't achieve her goals no matter what she said. Thus, she hung up.
Natalie hadn't turned on the lights upon getting out of bed.
When Jeremy looked up at her dark room, Natalie took a step back out of reflex.
The curtains were partially drawn. Perhaps Jeremy had seen her already.
Due to the darkness, she couldn't discern Jeremy's expression.
Not before long, she heard Jeremy coming upstairs.
His footsteps paused in front of her room. He'd clearly stopped for a few seconds before walking back into the master bedroom.
At that moment, Natalie was
overwhelmed with the impulse to tell Jeremy that a divorce was the best thing they could give each other. They should set each other free. 
However, she stopped after merely one step forward. She'd rather wait. Perhaps things might get better.
Gardner Group had been extremely busy for the past few days. Everyone was swamped. Skylar had been working overtime for two days in a row She only came home around 9:00 pm. 
Joe had picked her up last night.
He'd gone on an impromptu business trip and would only return two days later, so she worked.
another hour. When she said
goodbye to Caleb in the parking lot, it was already 10:00 pm. 
Her car was the only one left in the gigantic parking lot.
Skylar massaged her sore neck. After drinking a few gulps of water, she started the car.
A black figure appeared before her just as she was about to step on the gas.
Skylar raised her leg and looked in front of her.
It was a tall man. He seemed rather familiar. Skylar confirmed who he was quickly.
###chapter646
It was Christopher. She had seen him in Korel City, but not since her return to Jipsburg. 
Christopher stood in front of her car. Greediness gleamed in his eyes 
as he took Skylar in. 
She’d gotten even prettier. He’d been watching her from a distance for the past few days. 
Skylar used to be gentle and kind. When he looked at her, Christopher knew he occupied her every thought. Yet she’d become a star in Alexander’s team and belonged to another man. It was as though. they had nothing to do with each other. 
She slammed her palm on the horn, but the blaring noise did not make Christopher get out of the way. 
Christopher fixed his eyes on Skylar in an attempt to get Skylar out of 
the car. 
There were no cars behind Skylar’s. It enabled her to back out of her parking space before turning to leave. 
However, Christopher pounced on her car like a madman. If Skylar hadn’t stepped on the brakes in time, Christopher would’ve been flattened under her tires. 
In the end, Skylar opened the door and walked out. 
Christopher sighed in relief when she did so. He strode over to her. 
“Darling, can’t you forgive me? It’s been such a long time. I’ve done. many things I shouldn’t have done, and I regret them horribly. In Korel City, I was alone and had time to reflect on what happened. We got to know each other in high school, and we dreamed big back then. 
“However, I forgot about our dreams and drifted apart from you. On the journey of life, temptations are rife. I failed to resist them. Now, I’ve made sense of things and know what’s right for me. Darling, please forgive me. You’ll be the only one I love for the rest of my life,” Christopher begged. He sounded genuine. 
His eyes were reddish as though tears of regret shimmered within them. 
Skylar listened to Christopher’s rant unmoved. Then, she spat, “Get 
lost.” 
Christopher’s eyes widened. He didn’t want to give up. So, he 
continued, “Don’t you care about me anymore? Have you forgotten our past together? 
“Skylar, think about it. Joe doesn’t actually love you. He’ll get sick of you soon and leave you. When that happens, do you think we’ll be able to get together once more? It’s not too late yet. We have both made bad decisions. However, it doesn’t matter. There’s nothing to bel afraid of as long as we can get back together!” 
Christopher had moved himself with his own words, and he thought they would also affect Skylar. However, she remained 
expressionless. 
He did not continue making his case. Instead, he stared at Skylar coldly. 
In the end, he took a few steps forward and tried to embrace Skylar. He wanted to take her away. 
It was a dark night, and no one was around them. No one would know if he did anything to Skylar. 
Just as he was about to approach Skylar, a man appeared out of nowhere. He kicked Christopher hard, and he didn’t even have the chance to duck before the foot made contact. 
Chupper do 
“Hey!” 
Skylar was terrified. Where had this man come from? 
“Who are you? What’s wrong with you?” Christopher couldn’t be bothered to maintain his charisma in front of Skylar. He began 
fighting with the man. 
However, Christopher was clearly not a match for him. He couldn’t even get up from the ground. 
m 
3.3 
###chapter647

"Who the hell are you? Believe it or not, I'm going to make a police report. Then, I'll sue you till you go bankrupt!" Christopher roared.
The man said nothing and continued beating Christopher up.
Skylar knew acupuncture points like the back of her hand. She could tell that the man was a professional. His punches didn't cause any detrimental harm. It looked as though Christopher had been beaten half to death, but he would be fine.
"Please leave, miss."
The man finally spoke. However, he was talking to Skylar. In contrast to his ruthlessness toward Christopher, he treated Skylar kindly.
Skylar glanced at Christopher, whose face was covered in bruises. She was rather concerned. Skylar suggested, "I think I'd rather stay back as an eyewitness."
He must've noticed Christopher's actions and jumped in to save Skylar.
"He doesn't look like a good man. We were in the area when he began cornering you. I'll be the eyewitness. I promise things will be fine," said someone from behind.
Skylar looked back. It was a man speaking. She was lucky to have met such kind people that night. Before leaving, she gave them her number, just in case.
As she got into the car to leave, Christopher screamed, "You've changed. You looked on as I got beaten up, and you even wanted to stand as their eyewitness. In the past, you wouldn't have let anyone hurt me!"
"The next time you see me, walk the other way." Skylar instructed.
"You! Skylar, have you forgotten what we promised each other?" asked Christopher.
He couldn't accept the absence of love in Skylar's eyes when she looked at him. After all, she used to be enamored with him. Instead, hatred glinted in her eyes.
"Shut up!" The man slapped a hand over Christopher's mouth.
As Skylar drove past him, she questioned, "You've treated our promises like they were nothing. How could you question me?"
Christopher's eyes glimmered. He immediately changed the topic and said, "No, I didn't ignore our promises! I deviated from our tracks and fell into a trap. Maisy kept seducing me, and I fell for it. I've woken up now, I swear. I'll never betray you again!" 
"Get lost," Skylar roared as she drove away.
After she left, Christopher scolded, "I want to make a police report! I won't let you get away with this. Why would you stick your noses into my business? You won't be let off easily!" 
"You've been a nuisance to someone you shouldn't have been. You're the one with a death wish. Come with us."
"Go with you?"
"Stop bullshitting."
Ten minutes later, Christopher was pulled into a van. He wasn't given the chance to refuse.
He trembled uncontrollably as the van sped off. Christopher thought he was going to be trafficked. After all, he'd just trafficked two people. He knew what the dark side of the world looked like. He was as helpless as a lamb. 
Christopher suddenly saw the problem. These two men weren't being Good Samaritans. This was a planned attack!
When he considered that possibility, he trembled even harder.
"Who are you? What are you trying to do? This is Jipsburg. Policemen are everywhere. You'll be caught by the police regardless of what you do!"
They'd been kind when conversing with Skylar. Now, it was as though they'd become mute. Not a word escaped them.
Terror consumed Christopher. He asked, "Fucking hell, who are you? What are you trying to do?"
###chapter648

The van rolled to a stop in front of a garage.
Christopher was dragged out of the van roughly and tossed into the garage.
Because Christopher had made too much of a racket, he was beaten up once more. After that, Christopher shut up for the rest of the journey.
Even though he was being dragged across the floor, he didn't struggle. Once he entered the garage, he scanned his surroundings.
A few other people had appeared. Was this a sell-off?
Christopher was stunned. "All of you are in this for money, right? I'll give you all however much money you want as long as you let me go!" Upon hearing Christopher infer they were in it for the money, an ominous silence descended upon them.
Had he said anything wrong? Christopher didn't think so. Why were they so quiet?
Suddenly, a man appeared from behind them.
Christopher scrambled to get up. He looked at the approaching man.
What he saw stunned him. "Joe?"
Why was Joe here?
Joe glared at him sharply. Christopher stiffened. He felt coldness envelop him.
"Do you know that Skylar's my woman?" Joe asked threateningly.
Christopher looked at Joe with widened eyes. He couldn't believe it. From Joe's tone, he could tell Joe cared deeply about Skylar. How could that be?
"Isn't Skylar just your lover? Why do you care about her that much? She's my girlfriend. Skylar is only with you because we've had a bit of a spat."
Joe huffed coldly. His gaze instilled even greater horror in him.
Christopher felt his heart skip a beat. He suddenly realized the magnitude of his situation.
Were things not like how he supposed? Joe wasn't treating Skylar as a plaything. Did he treat their relationship seriously?
The people who'd showed up around him definitely hadn't done so because of a coincidence. Did he care about her that much? How dare he station secret bodyguards around her? 
Skylar was Christopher's girlfriend!
"A few years ago, we promised to marry each other. If not for a few problems that came between us, we might already have children. Mr. Martin, I would advise you to leave Skylar. The two of us will make it to the end," Christopher said after gathering his courage. 
Christopher believed that Joe wouldn't do anything untoward to him. It would be a shame for Joe to become a murderer.
Christopher had to claim Skylar as his own!
Joe's eyes darkened. He'd never found someone's words as unpleasant as Christopher's. Joe asked, "Christopher, do you remember what you did in Korel City?"
Christopher widened his eyes and exclaimed, "You!"
It was impossible. Joe couldn't have found out what Christopher had done. He'd done it so covertly. Even if Joe had informants nationwide, it would've been impossible for Joe to notice. Yet Joe sounded like he knew everything. 
"Get lost. Never appear within Skylar's line of sight," Joe threatened. He threw a few pictures at Christopher.
###chapter649
Christopher looked at the pictures strewn across the ground. They depicted his coercion of Maisy and how he’d sold her and Kenny. 
Everything had been captured with a full–frame camera. Even his expression could be clearly seen. 
Christopher was scared to death. He had been trembling before Joe, but now his knees were about to give out. He had to force himself to hold on so he didn’t collapse. 
“These are all photoshopped pictures. It isn’t me. This is illegal. I would never do that!” 
He would never admit to it. Never! It wasn’t him! 
Joe didn’t have the patience to reason with Christopher. He glanced at Paul. 
Paul chuckled at Christopher’s idiocy. He mocked, “I’ve met some pretty dumb people, but they’re nothing compared to you. Since you didn’t do it, why don’t we report it to the police? I might even get a 
medal for it. 
. You look “Right, I have a copy of your transaction records with me, familiar with the process. You’ve been asking for a formidable price. We’ve got concrete evidence. Current laws would mandate a lifetime of jail for you.” 
Paul had seen assholes, but none of them were better at lying to themselves than Christopher. He looked like a gentleman. In reality, he was an utter disgrace and a laughingstock. 
Paul was about to call the police when Christopher shouted, “Wait, don’t call the police!” 
Christopher was terrified. He didn’t want to be put behind bars. 
913 
He knew whether these pictures were truly doctored. Initially, he thought of passing them off as edited photos. Who knew Joel wouldn’t take the bait? 
In the past, he’d heard people in Jipsburg warn him not to piss Joe off or anyone in the Martin family. It looked like the rumors were true. 
Christopher hadn’t expected Joe to be so harsh to him. After all, he was only Skylar’s ex, yet Joe even set men to protect her. 
How terrifying! 
Did Skylar know what kind of man she’d slept with? Wasn’t she scared that she would hurt herself by dating him? Wasn’t she afraid of ending up with nothing? 
Paul chuckled coldly. He asked, “Have you finally recalled what you’ve done?” 
“I will leave Jipsburg and never interact with Skylar again. That being said, do you really think that Skylar likes you, Mr. Martin? She just covets your status and money. If you don’t want to be scammed, you’d better dump her. I don’t understand her even now,” Christopher said. He was slandering Skylar with all his might. 
He really didn’t want to leave Skylar! 
Paul couldn’t bear listening to him anymore. He glanced at Joe, who was clearly enraged. Joe punched Christopher and roared, “Bullshit! You sorry excuse of a man!” 
A man like this should’ve gotten a vasectomy. He was an 
embarrassment to the males. 
“Believe me. Mr. Martin, you’ve got to believe me. You’re going to regret it otherwise. I’ve known Skylar for a long time. I know her better than anyone else,” Christopher spat. He had a tooth missing. 
After he spat the tooth out, blood coated his lips. However, 
Christopher still insisted on continuing to speak. 
Joe lit a cigarette and circled behind Christopher. He kicked Christopher’s back with his custom suede shoes. 
Christopher screamed in agony. 
Skylar got back to Galaxy Villa. After showering, she chatted with Janine and Charles before falling asleep. 
In the middle of the night, she heard rustling beside her, as if someone had climbed into bed with her. 
Skylar snapped to alertness. “Who’s there?” 
It couldn’t be Joe as he was on a business trip. 
Was it Christopher? How could he have dared to break into her house? 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>> 
###chapter650
Right before Skylar could hit the person next to her, they spoke up,” It’s me.” 
Surprised, Skylar exclaimed, “Joe?” 
Joe hummed in acknowledgment and said, “Don’t worry. Go back to sleep.” 
Skylar sighed in relief and asked, “Didn’t you say you would be away on a business trip for two days? Why have you come home today?” 
After being roused in the middle of the night, Skylar’s drowsiness had dissipated. 
Joe hugged her and explained, “I finished my work early. I’ve just gotten off the plane.” 
“Alright, have a good rest,” Skylar whispered. She said nothing else. 
He’d caught a flight back home in the dead of the night. Joe must’ve been tired. 
Perhaps it was a figment of Skylar’s imagination, but she felt like Joe was troubled. However, it was only a guess of hers. Maybe he was indeed merely exhausted. 
Skylar fell asleep shortly after in Joe’s warm embrace. Joe drifted off as well. 
When she woke up and saw Joe beside her, she knew what had happened the previous day hadn’t been a dream. 
Joe had woken up along with Skylar 
Joe glanced at Skylar, who was trying to tip–toe out of the bedroom. He said, “Let’s go for breakfast together. I know a good restaurant.” 
20 
Skylar stopped and looked back at Joe. She asked, “Aren’t you going to keep resting?” 
“There’s no need for that.” 
Joe got out of bed. He was wearing matching pajamas with Skylar. 
He had an atrocious bedhead. With his pajamas, Joe looked unkempt yet gorgeous. Skylar couldn’t help but glance in his direction repeatedly. 
“It’s only been two days. Now, you can’t even bear to blink your eyes as you stare at me. Do you miss me?” Joe asked, his eyes glinting mischievously. 
He had slept in a hotel while on a business trip. Because he’d gotten used to sleeping with Skylar in his arms, he found it difficult to fall. asleep. 
Whether Skylar missed him, Joe didn’t know. However, he’d stayed awake thinking of her. 
“Your self–confidence is through the roof,” Skylar complained. 
She seldom saw him in such a state and watched him a bit longer.. His imagination was in overdrive. 
They chatted while getting ready for the day. 
Not before long, they got into the car. 
Lucas had been waiting outside Galaxy Villa for a long time. Their 
house wasn’t far from the breakfast place. 
After breakfast, Joe accompanied her to work. On the way there, they agreed to go to Pearlhall Residence in the evening. 
Half an hour later, Joe arrived at the office. 
Joe and Paul strode into the elevator. Just as its doors were about to 
Chauve 650 
close, they opened suddenly, and a familiar figure slipped in. 
When Paul saw her, he exclaimed in surprise, “Why are you here, Ms. 
Scott?” 
Had they been somewhere other than the office, Paul wouldn’t have been as stupefied. Paul’s jaw dropped at the sight of Jenny. 
Joe raised an eyebrow upon seeing her. 
Jenny beamed. However, she faked astonishment and said, “I wasn’t expecting to run into both of you on my first day of work.” 
Had Joe planned this? 
###chapter651
Jenny winked at Joe, “Yeah, I got the job through an interview. I was ready for the possibility that I might not get hired and would have to apply elsewhere. But to my surprise, I was hired. So, I hope you can pretend not to know me at the company.” 
Jenny’s playful demeanor made her seem cute rather than calculating. 
Joe asked calmly, “What made you decide to work here?” 
“Didn’t you mention wanting to start your own business before?” Paul 
added. 
Over the years, Joe had been giving Jenny a monthly allowance. As a young woman, she had more than enough left after her expenses. Starting a small business, even if it lost money for several years, 
wouldn’t have been a problem for her. 
So, Paul wondered why she chose to work at Martin Group. He could guess her reasons. 
Jenny replied, “I need more real–world experience first. I want to gain. some practical knowledge before pursuing my dream.” 
She then turned to Joe and said, “Joe, I hope my working at Martin Group won’t put you in a difficult position. I didn’t mention knowing you or Paul during the interview, so I competed on a level playing field. 
Her explanation seemed evasive. 
Joe’s expression was cold and unreadable. He seemed indifferent to Jenny’s presence. 
Before the elevator doors opened, he said, “Since you’re working at Martin Group, make sure you act like an employee of the company.” 
Jenny pursed her lips and nodded. “Alright, Joe. Don’t worry.” 
When the elevator arrived at Jenny’s floor, she exited, giving Joe one last look that revealed a hint of disappointment. 
As the doors closed, Paul said, “I’m not entirely sure of the details. But it’s true that we’ve been hiring recently. Jenny went through the 
regular interview process.” 
Getting a job at the company meant Jenny had some skills. Paul recalled that Jenny had always been at the top of her class in high school. 
Joe responded briefly with a hum. 
Paul said no more. Recently, he had noticed some of Joe’s thoughts.. He realized Joe was aware of some of Jenny’s intentions and seemed to be deliberately distancing himself from her. 
Joe had done more than enough for Jenny over the years. 
The accident years ago had been intentional, and Jenny’s mother had died protecting Joe. 
Skylar saw Jenny’s post on Instagram during her lunch break. It showed Jenny’s Martin Group employee ID card with sun emojis and a caption about starting work that day and giving it her best effort. 
Jenny’s cuteness was on full display, and her joyful mood was evident in the photo. 
Skylar was surprised to see Jenny working at Martin Group. Her gaze lingered on her phone for a few seconds before she turned off the 
screen. 
“Skylar, Simona invited us to lunch across the street. She’s treating,” Caleb said to Skylar.. 
Given the abundance of new delivery choices lately, they had almost settled on takeout, so Simona’s lunch invitation came as a surprise. 
Skylar seemed a bit distracted. “Sure, let’s go.” 
Caleb noticed her preoccupation. “Is something bothering you?” 
“It’s nothing,” Skylar said, putting her phone back into her bag. 
Simona had asked her and Caleb about lunch a few days ago, mentioning that she would be treating. 
With two tasks completed last night, Skylar was down to her final 
She aimed to finish it in the next few days, and then she could. finally relax and take a break. 
one. 
“Has Joe been giving you a hard time?” Caleb asked quietly. 
To Caleb, Joe was a daunting presence. He wasn’t regarded as a good person, and getting along with him was no easy task. Caleb admired Skylar’s courage in marrying him and was curious about how they handled their daily interactions. 
“He hasn’t been hard on me,” Skylar replied. 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day 
###chapter652
Caleb didn’t quite believe Skylar’s words. If Joe hadn’t been hard on Skylar, he wondered why she seemed so troubled. But since Skylar didn’t want to discuss it, he decided not to press further. After all, if Joe didn’t appreciate her, there would be plenty of others who would. 
Inside the Wiscadian restaurant, Simona had already ordered some of the chef’s 
specialties and was waiting for Skylar and Caleb to arrive. It didn’t take long before they showed up. 
Tve already ordered some dishes. Take a look and see if there’s anything else you’d like,” Simona suggested. 
Skylar shook her head. “I’m not very hungry.” 
“I’ll take a look,” Caleb said, never one to hold back. 
He ordered a few more dishes from the menu, and soon, the food arrived at the table one by one. 
They chatted casually about various topics. 
Toward the end of the meal, Simona hesitated before speaking, “I’ve heard you’re skilled at authenticating antiques, Skylar. My family has received several antiques from relatives, each claiming immense value. 
“This makes it difficult to select suitable return gifts. We’ve brought them for appraisals but they haven’t been reliable. Could you possibly come to our house and take a look?” 
Simona felt embarrassed after speaking. 
Caleb raised an eyebrow. “Why didn’t you tell me about this before?” 
“What’s the point of telling you? Can you even tell real from fake? Didn’t you say you’re not interested in antiques?” Simona retorted, rolling her eyes. 
“I can ask my grandfather,” Caleb said confidently. 
Simona rolled her eyes again. “Mr. Gardner Senior is so overwhelmed with work that reaching out to him would be a nuisance, and the people who gave us these items might be acquainted with him. 
“Skylar, on the other hand, is someone I trust. The problem is she’s been really busy lately, and I feel a bit uneasy about bothering her.” 
“I can check them out after work today,” Skylar offered, glancing at the time, noting she could leave at her usual hour that day. 
Simona was pleasantly surprised by Skylar’s prompt agreement. “Skylar, you’re so kind!” 
Chaple: 652 
She picked up her phone to check the time. “I just explore the mall and wait for you to finish work,” Simona said. 
“That sounds good,” Skylar replied. 
The mall, with its multiple floors and vast selection, provided ample opportunity for browsing. Hours slipped away unnoticed. 
After finishing work, Skylar texted Joe that he didn’t need to pick her up. Then, she headed to Parkinson Residence with Simona. 
On the way, Simona opened up about her family. It was just her and her brother, Aiken Parkinson, living at home. Their parents had died in an accident ten years ago. 
Aiken had been the one who kept the family going since then. 
Simona usually followed Aiken’s advice, but he was often too busy to spend much time with her. As a result, she envied those who had grown up with their parents around, like Caleb, who had the benefit of both his parents and his grandfather and uncle spoiling him since childhood. 
Simona’s grandparents seemed indifferent to her and Aiken. Perhaps they didn’t prioritize them because they had so many grandchildren. 
After listening to Simona, Skylar was about to offer some words of comfort when Simona nonchalantly said, “Even though I didn’t get much affection from my grandparents, Aiken, dotes on me. No one in Jipsburg dares to bully me. 
“My grandparents can’t assert their seniority over me. I don’t care. They even tried to arrange a marriage for Aiken last year. What a joke! 
“When Aiken was at his lowest, they stood by and did nothing. Yet now they want to interfere in his affairs? Dream on! 
“I can’t believe I’ve been talking the entire time. I’ve never opened up like this before, but with you, Skylar, it’s easy to share my secrets. Anyway, we’re here at my place.” 
Simona opened the car door and stepped out. 
Parkinson Residence was quite large, resembling a mansion. 
It was similar in size to George’s mansion. Quite a few maids were at the mansion, and each one greeted Simona respectfully as
###chapter653
“Are there ripe grapes in our orchard? Pick a few bunches and bring them in,” Simona instructed one of the nearby maids. 
Skylar followed Simona. She mentally calculated the time, figuring she wouldn’t get home until around eight or nine o’clock in the evening 
During the drive, Simona mentioned the sheer volume of items, implying she would need to dedicate time to inspecting everything. 
Once inside the mansion, they went upstairs. The third floor wasn’t divided into rooms but filled with antique pieces. 
The array of items, big and small, was overwhelming. They ranged from paintings and antique pocket watches to bronze artifacts, emeralds, and emerald charms. 
“There are quite a few things,” Skylar remarked, surprised. 
Simona felt slightly embarrassed. She explained, “My brother’s birthday was a few days ago, and he received a lot of items. I haven’t been up here for a couple of days and didn’t realize how much had accumulated.” 
Skylar began examining the items systematically. With so many to assess, it would be a time– consuming task. 
Not wanting to disturb Skylar, Simona quietly observed. It was her first time seeing Skylar at work, and she was captivated by Skylar’s focus and professionalism. 
Even as a woman, she found Skylar’s focused demeanor incredibly charming. She thought that the men around Skylar must be even more entranced by her–Caleb being a prime example. He was willing to be Skylar’s assistant now. 
Skylar pointed to several items. She instructed, “Take pictures of these first.” 
Simona immediately began taking photos. 
Half an hour later, a maid brought in washed grapes, other fruits and tea. 
“Skylar, would you like to sit down, have some tea, and eat some fruit? I’ve just asked them to prepare dinner,” Simona offered. 
She expected Aiken home soon. He had called that morning to say he would join her for dinner. Originally, she hadn’t anticipated Skylar’s visit today, thinking she would come in a couple of days. 
“No need, I’m not hungry yet. Let’s finish looking through everything first,” Skylar replied, her eyes 
fixed on the paintings she was examining. They were well–preserved and clearly 
valuable. 
At that moment, a voice interrupted. “The maid mentioned you brought a friend over?” 
212 
Simona spun around at the sound of Aiken’s volce. “Aiken!” she exclaimed. 
Aiken looked at Skylar, concerned after hearing Simona had brought someone directly to the third floor. The third floor contained incredibly valuable items, making it a tempting target for greed.
Simona’s kind nature made her easily deceived, and Aiken was 
determined to protect her. 
As his gaze fell on Skylar’s profile, he paused, recognizing a familiar look. 
Upon hearing their conversation, Skylar turned to face him directly. Aiken’s eyes widened in surprise. No wonder she seemed familiar. 
###chapter654
Aiken had seen Skylar’s photo an hour ago. He had seen pictures of her from every angle- side profile, full face, and everything in between. 
Skylar nodded at Aiken before turning back to examine the antique paintings in front of her. There were only a few left to check. 
Simona approached Aiken and said, “Aiken, why are you back so early? I was just about to introduce you to my friend. She works on Mr. Gardner Senior’s team and is incredibly talented. I invited her today to help us determine if our family’s antiques are genuine and estimate their value.” 
Her confident tone implied knowing Skylar was a significant accomplishment. 
Aiken lowered his voice, ensuring only they could hear. His expression grew serious. “When did you meet her?” 
Hearing the sternness in Aiken’s voice, Simona raised her brow. Suddenly, she giggled. ” Isn’t Skylar just stunning? Did you fall for her at first sight? Compared to those women around you, she’s in a completely different league. 
“Aiken, if you really care about me, win her over and make her my sister–in–law. If she becomes my sister–in–law, I promise to always listen to you.” 
A beauty like Skylar could indeed leave a lasting impression at first sight. Even just seeing a photo of her had mesmerized him. 
Those who brought him her photo had also named a high price. 
Aiken glanced at Skylar again. She seemed focused, undisturbed by her surroundings and had a unique presence. Despite her youth, she possessed a deep understanding of these intricate s. 
No one on Alexander’s team relied on mere luck or seniority to get by. 
Noticing Aiken’s involuntary gaze, Simona felt a surge of hope. This could work. Skylar as her sister–in–law would be fantastic. 
“Aiken, say something. Don’t tell me you’re struck dumb. Let me tell you, don’t act up in front of Skylar, and don’t scare her off. Though, she isn’t that easily frightened,” Simona 
reminded Aiken. 
Aiken snapped back to reality. He frowned slightly and asked, “Do you know her well?” 
“It doesn’t matter if I know her well. What matters is that Skylar is a good person and not someone who would take advantage of us. Moreover, Mr. Gardner Senior chose her for his team. Do you think he’d pick someone with questionable character? 
“I trust my instincts. Skylar is the sister I’ve always wanted. And let me tell you a secret. Caleb likes Skylar, but she sees him as a brother. I think you’re more her type,” Simona 
said. She suddenly recalled some of the bossy CEO novels she had recently read. 
While those novels were often exaggerated, Skylar truly had the charisma to captivate anyone, and those who did would willingly give up everything for her. 
Aiken remained silent, deep in thought. 
Skylar walked over and sent Simona a few photos from her phone. “Simona, the items in the photos I sent you are all fakes. The rest are genuine, but their true value is far from being priceless. The most expensive paintings among them are worth at most 10 million dollars.” 
Simona’s eyes widened when she saw the photos. “Are these all fakes? I remember this vase was said to be a thousand–year–old antique worth at least 50 million dollars, and it’s fake? Aiken, someone’s definitely trying to con us,” Simona exclaimed. She turned to Aiken. 
Aiken’s expression darkened. 
“Maybe it’s not intentional deception. These fakes are very convincing,” Skylar suggested. 
Although Simona was upset about being deceived, she wasn’t too concerned about a few tens of millions of dollars. There was something more important now. “Skylar, this is my brother, Aiken Parkinson.” 
“Hello,” Skylar greeted Aiken. 
Aiken and Simona shared similar eyes but different personalities. Simona was straightforward and candid, living her life with a carefree and unrestrained attitude. In contrast, Aiken was enigmatic and had a daunting presence that made people hesitant to look him directly in the eye. 
###chapter655
Aiken fixed his gaze on Skylar. “Hello,” he said, and thank you for your efforts.” 
“Skylar, are you tired and hungry? Let’s have dinner now. It’s the perfect time for it,” Simona said. 
She watched their polite exchange, eager for them to connect. Simona was delighted with her choice of a future sister–in–law. 
Charming women always surrounded Aiken, but none had captured his interest enough for marriage. Simona hoped to change that; she didn’t want him to remain single forever. 
While others couldn’t influence him, she believed Skylar could. 
Skylar checked the time. It was already 7:00 pm. 
“No need. I have other plans for the evening. Let’s have dinner another time,” Skylar said. 
Just then, a WhatsApp message from Joe popped up on her phone. The text read, “Where are you? I’ll pick you up once I’m done.” 
Skylar sent her location to Joe. “No need. I’m far from home.” 
Joe replied, “Parkinson Residence?” 
Skylar responded, “Yes.” 
Looking up from her phone, Skylar saw Simona’s disappointed expression. 
“Skylar, you’ve done me a huge favor. I can’t let you leave without a meal. Please stay for dinner,” Simona pleaded. 
Aiken also spoke up. “Skylar, please stay for dinner. I’ll have the driver take you home afterward.” 
“Yeah, Skylar. Stay and have dinner with us. I usually eat alone, and it’s rare for my brother to be home early. It’s a special occasion with you here. It’s been ages since the house was this lively,” Simona added. She was still using her charming tone. 
Reluctantly, Skylar agreed. “Alright.” 
Joe knew Skylar was at Parkinson Residence because of Simona, not Aiken. But Simona was connected to Aiken, a complex man. 
“Has Aiken been busy lately?” Joe asked Paul. 
Paul shook his head. “Aiken is extremely secretive about what he does, but he’s definitely busy with something. Speakin of which, how did Aiken’s sister come to know Mrs. Martin? She might not be aware of how complicated Aiken is. Should we let her know?” 
“She has her reasons for doing things. For now, there’s no need,” Joe said. He preferred not to interfere with Skylar’s affairs. He was certain Skylar was too intelligent to be 
manipulated. 
Paul glanced at the time. “Should we pick up Mrs. Martin?” 
“Picking her up might seem too deliberate. Let’s head back to Galaxy Villa,” Joe decided. “Alright.” 
The dinner was lavish. The long table was filled with a variety of dishes. Both Floan and Wiscadian cuisines were meticulously prepared. 
Aiken occasionally asked Skylar questions about identifying genuine antiques, but the queries remained professional and did not delve into personal matters. 
The atmosphere was relaxed and did not feel overwhelming. 
Skylar explained the complex subject matter truthfully. Such knowledge could be dry and difficult for those without a genuine interest. Surprisingly, Aiken was captivated and offered insightful observations. 
Simona produced two amulets when the conversation shifted to amulets and similar items. “I spent a lot to have these made, but I’m not sure if they actually work. Aiken doesn’t believe in them, so he left them with me.” 
Skylar took the amulets. Her brows furrowed as she quietly examined them. 
Noticing her reaction, Aiken asked, “Is there a problem with them?” 
*These aren’t amulets,” Skylar replied gravely, wondering who was secretly selling such harmful items. 
‘Not amulets? Then what are they?” Aiken asked urgently. 
Simona was shocked. “Aren’t they amulets? I’ve been wearing them for the past two years, except when bathing. They were made by a professional recommended by an elder, and we paid two million dollars for them.” 
Skylar frowned at the mention of two million dollars. It was alarming that such harmful s could be sold at such a high price. “The symbols on these aren’t protective. Instead, they interfere with the
wearer’s concentration. 
“You could think of it this way–a top student wearing one might struggle to focus on their studies, gradually falling behind until they become a poor student. Even someone driven in their career might lose motivation over time.” 
“What?” Aiken, who rarely showed his emotions, stood up abruptly. 
Simona’s face turned pale, and her fork fell to the floor. 
Seeing their distress, Skylar softened her tone. “It’s not too late to address this. You should burn them to prevent any further effects.” 
“Do you know why we’re so shocked, Skylar? It’s because Aiken and I couldn’t figure out why I was struggling in my studies. We finally have an answer. I used to excel in my studies. 
“Before last year’s college entrance exams, I was confident I would become the top science student in Jipsburg City. But two years ago, I lost interest in studying and started rebelling. 
“I began skipping classes and missing school. Aiken didn’t give up on me and sought out various psychologists to help me. 
“However, none of the method the psychologists used worked. I eventually lost all interest in studying and have een on a leave of absence ever since. 
###chapter656
“I thought it was my own fault that I couldn’t handle the pressure of studying. I never imagined the problem was with these amulets never considered they could be the cause. 
Fear gripped Simona as she continued, “Wouldn’t Aiken also be affected if he had one of these? This could endanger everything the Parkinson family possesses.” 
What she had previously found baffling now began to make sense. 
Aiken’s face tightened with anger, revealing a hostility that had been previously hidden.” Two years ago, Simona was always falling ill or having strange accidents. That’s why we bought these amulets. I didn’t realize it was a trap set against us!” 
Seeing Aiken and Simona’s emotional state, Skylar felt a pang of sympathy. But what had happened couldn’t be undone. Even if she could go back two years, she wouldn’t have been able to deal with it then. 
“Aiken, it wasn’t that I lacked ability or resilience. I want to go back to school and take the college entrance exams again,” Simona said, her eyes regaining their sparkle–like a lost person finally finding their way. The hope in Simona’s life was finally restored. 
Aiken’s eyes reddened as he nodded. “My sister was never an idiot.” 
For the past two years, he’d been blaming himself for failing to guide Simona and feeling guilty toward his parents. Only now did he learn the truth. Those despicable people around them were constantly scheming against them. They started using these devious methods since neither gentle nor harsh tactics worked. 
“Simona, you’re a brilliant woman. Once you’re back in school, I’ll give you a genuine amulet,” Skylar said softly. 
Simona rushed to hug Skylar. She had developed a dependency on Skylar without even realizing it despite having only met a few times, 
At that moment, Simona felt a renewed sense of hope. She could finally return to campus and rekindle her interest in studying. This feeling was truly beyond words. 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter657
Aiken said earnestly, “Skylar, you’ve done so much for us today. To us, you’re a benefactor. I’ll ensure that you receive a generous reward later.” 
Before dinner, he had doubted Skylar’s abilities and questioned her motives for befriending Simona. 
Aiken had worked tirelessly to achieve his position and had faced numerous challenges and schemes from various individuals. Those who appeared kind and trustworthy often proved to be the most dangerous when it mattered most. 
Repeated betrayals had eroded his trust in others, leaving him wary of everyone. However, Skylar seemed genuine and honest; he felt she could be trusted. 
“Simona and I are friends, so there’s no need to make a fuss about it,” Skylar replied, indifferent to any compensation. She had agreed to help Simona out of friendship, and if she had wanted payment, she would have asked from the beginning. 
From the start, she had a good impression of Simona, and their meeting seemed destined. Discovering the fake amulets had only confirmed that. 
Aiken chose not to press the matter further. 
Half an hour later, after Skylar left, he also departed. 
Simona was unconcerned about Aiken’s plans. She focused on buying high school textbooks and various practice tests from multiple sources, determined to reclaim her peak performance. 
Aiken went to another residence where he managed many of his affairs. He preferred to keep Simona away from these unsavory matters. It was enough for one of them to deal with such issues. 
At this residence, a dozen photos of Skylar were spread out. They had been taken discreetly, but her features were clear. 
“Are you sure you want to take this deal, Mr. Parkinson?” Egbert Hewitt asked Aiken. 
Aiken initially planned to return and dine with Simona, putting off the decision until the following day. Thus, Egbert was surprised by his unexpected return and sensed something was wrong. 
“No, we’re not accepting this offer. The Parkinson family will not participate in this deal,” Aiken stated resolutely as he carefully collected the photos. He’d intended to hand them over to Egbert but decided to store them safely in a drawer instead. 
Egbert was astonished. “They offered a fortune Are you really turning it down? Do you have a reason, Mr. Parkinson?” 
Egbert wondered if Aiken had taken a liking to the woman in the photos and wanted to 
settle down. 
“No particular reason. Just tell them that I said we’re not interested in this deal,” Aiken 
replied. His tone was resolute. 
Egbert didn’t ask further questions. 
###chapter658
The Parkinson family was known for their discretion and dependability in Jipsburg City. Molly was perplexed when she learned they had declined their business offer. 
They had offered an exorbitant amount of money. It was baffling that Aiken would refuse such a lucrative opportunity. 
Although Alken was relatively young, he was known for being reliable and ruthless, Under his management, the Parkinson family flourished even more than under his parents‘ leadership. 
It was uncharacteristic of him to reject a business proposition that came their way. 
Molly voiced her concerns to Edwin, her face lined with anxiety. 
Edwin was also taken aback. “Refused? Did they give a reason? Or did they find our offer insufficient ? The amount I offered should be higher than what Aiken usually encounters.” 
Molly responded, “I asked, but no reason was given. They only said that it was Aiken himself who rejected the deal. We’ll need to find someone else, darling. If we want this to be done without a trace, we need someone truly capable.” 
Molly furrowed her brow, looking troubled. Molly wondered if Aiken knew that Skylar was someone Joe cared about and was avoiding the situation. 
However, it didn’t seem like Aiken’s style. After all, he was skilled at handling such matters without leaving any evidence. 
Still, she couldn’t help but wonder what was happening with Aiken. 
After some deliberation, Edwin decided to call Aiken directly. Although establishing any formal connection could leave a trace, the situation made it necessary. 
Aiken answered after a few rings. 
“Aiken, this is Edwin Martin,” Edwin began with a warm tone. 
“Mr. Martin, hello,” Aiken replied. He was surprised to receive a call from Edwin but quickly guessed the reason. Even when his parents were alive, contact with the Martin family had been minimal, and Edwin, as an elder, reaching out was unexpected. 
Edwin’s phone call was probably related to the business he had just turned down. 
Edwin responded with a hum, deep in thought. Then he said, “I’m sure you understand why I’m calling. It’s about your refusal of my request. I’d like to know the reason.” 
Aiken had already suspected this reason and wasn’t surprised by Edwin’s directness. He replied calmly, “The reason is simple. Skylar is a benefactor to our family.” 
“A benefactor?” Edwin was surprised. He hadn’t anticipated that. He wondered how a 
– 
young woman from the countryside could be regarded as a benefactor to Aiken. 
Perhaps it was just a pretext from Aiken. 
Aiken responded, “Yes.” 
After ending the call, Edwin seemed lost in thought. Seeing this, Molly asked curiously,” Darling, what’s wrong?” 
It was unusual for Edwin to be so serious over a phone call to Aiken. She wondered if Aiken might have indeed refused Edwin’s request. 
“Do you know what Aiken’s response was?” Edwin asked, his expression grave. 
Molly shook her head, unable to guess. 
Edwin sneered, saying, “He said that Skylar is their family’s benefactor.” 
“She is a young woman in her 20s, who barely knows anyone in Jipsburg and only works with Mr. Gardner Senior’s team–how could she be considered a benefactor to the Parkinson family?” Molly was astonished. 
She had seen Skylar once; she was strikingly beautiful and had an understated demeanor. Her appeal likely stemmed from some skills she possessed. 
Molly wondered if Aiken might have feelings for Skylar. 
However, that seemed unlikely. 
###chapter659
In Jipsburg City, it was common knowledge that Aiken wasn’t particularly interested in women. He had plenty around him, many of whom were likely as attractive as Skylar. However, there was no way Skylar would lower herself to be just another woman in Aiken’s circle. 
Edwin sneered, “It sounds a bit far–fetched, doesn’t it? Maybe Aiken is just using an excuse to brush me off. He might be falling for Skylar himself.” 
Molly added, “It’s not surprising. If Joe values Skylar so highly, then she’s not the na?ve country bumpkin we thought she was.” 
Edwin’s expression darkened. “Regardless of how simple or complex she is, her status makes her unsuitable to be my daughter–in–law Since Aiken refused, he’s clearly not going to take on this business. Anyway, he won’t disclose our conversation. 
“You’ll have to find someone else. If it weren’t for the risk of Joe getting suspicious, we’d just use our own people–it would be so much easier, and there wouldn’t be a need to bring Aiken into this. It’s unbelievable that handling someone like Skylar is turning out to be so difficult.” 
From Edwin’s tone, Molly could tell that he was growing increasingly displeased with Skylar. She, too, realized the situation was more complex than anticipated. Skylar was proving to be unexpectedly troublesome. 
Recalling Skylar’s calm demeanor during their confrontation, Molly felt a growing sense of unease. It seemed that, no matter their actions, Joe and Skylar were inseparable. 
“No one is as reliable as Aiken,” Molly stated firmly. 
It was an undeniable fact. Otherwise, Edwin wouldn’t have contacted him directly. 
Edwin frowned. “It’s just one woman, and she’s causing this much trouble.” 
“If we can’t find an alternative, I’ll look overseas. We must ensure no trace is left,” Molly suggested thoughtfully. 
Edwin considered this and nodded. “That’s feasible.” 
When Skylar returned to Galaxy Villa, she ran into Joe, who had just come back as well. 
“You’re just getting back too?” Skylar asked in surprise. 
“I had to take care of something unexpectedly. By the way, do you know Aiken Parkinson?” Joe asked casually. 
Skylar replied honestly, “I didn’t know him before today. I know his sister, Simona. She invited me to their house to help appraise some antiques today.” 
Joe nodded at her response. “I see.” 
Skylar had considered asking Joe if he knew Aiken, but then she realized that, given they both lived in Jipsburg, it was entirely normal for them to be acquainted. 
As they entered the house and changed into slippers, Skylar heard Joe’s stomach growl. It wasn’t loud, but with only the two of them living in Galaxy Villa, the night felt quiet, and even small sounds seemed amplified. 
Joe furrowed his brows slightly. Skipping dinner had been a regular habit, and a growling stomach was nothing unusual. 
However, his habits had subtly changed since living with Skylar. Dinner had become a 
norm, and now missing a meal made his stomach uncomfortable. 
“Did you skip dinner because you were busy?” Skylar asked hesitantly. 
She was 
also a bit hungry. It was her first time eating at Parkinson Residence, so she hadn’t eaten much. 
“I forgot to eat.” 
Skylar smiled. “Alright, I didn’t eat much at Parkinson Residence either. I’m a bit hungry too. I’ll make us some instant pasta.” 
Preparing a full meal at this hour would take too long, and they’d end up eating in the middle of the night. 
“Alright.” 
Joe followed Skylar into the kitchen. He raised an eyebrow as she pulled two cups of instant pasta from a cabinet. With a slight smile, he asked, “When did you buy instant pasta?” 
###chapter660
Skylar said, “I picked up this new flavor of instant pasta at the supermarket a few days ago. It reminds me of my childhood trips to Jipsburg City with my brothers. We always had Instant pasta on those old, slow trains. We’d thought instant pasta was the best food ever.” 
Skylar chatted casually with Joe as she waited for the water to boil. 
Joe, leaning against the counter, looked relaxed. “I’ve never been on a train before.” 
“You… never took the old trains?” 
“Never.” 
Skylar was momentarily surprised but quickly remembered Joe’s privileged upbringing. As the heir to a wealthy family, he’d always traveled by private car or plane. 
High–speed trains were the norm in recent years, so it made sense he hadn’t experienced the old ones. 
“Maybe someday we can try it together. It offers a taste of everyday life and has a charming, down– to- earth feel,” Skylar said with a smile. 
When the water boiled, Skylar carefully poured it into the pasta cups. The aroma of instant pasta soon filled the kitchen. 
Smilingly, she turned to Joe. “Does it smell good?” 
Joe’s gaze lingered on Skylar’s face. He couldn’t look away. He swallowed and replied, “It does.” 
The smell of additives would have usually made him recoil, but now it carried a warmth that seeped into 
his heart. 
Late–night thoughts often wandered, but sometimes they took unexpected leaps. The pasta smelled good, but Joe thought Skylar smelled even better. Suddenly, he found himself wanting something other than pasta–he wanted Skylar. 
“Wait a few minutes,” Skylar said, checking the time. 
Joe nodded, lowering his gaze as he pondered. 
Skylar realized the pasta needed something extra. She then began rummaging through the cabinets and found some sausages. She remembered buying sausages when she bought the instant pasta. After all, sausages were the perfect companion for instant pasta. 
A few minutes later, Skylar brought out two steaming bowls of pasta. 
“Try this. I added some sausage. It’s not much, but it really enhances the flavor of the instant pasta,” she said with a smile. 
Joe eyed the pasta with modest expectations. “It looks good. I’ll give it a try.” 
After tasting it, he said, “It’s delicious,” even though he thought it was decent. 
Skylar’s eyes sparkled. “I told you it wouldn’t disappoint! Instant pasta isn’t the healthiest, but it’s great for nostalgia.” 
“Yeah.” Joe mused that if anyone else had been sitting across from him, he would have avoided the Instant pasta altogether. 
They enjoyed their meal in quiet contentment. After finishing, they headed upstairs to shower when Joe’s phone rang. 
“Edgar?” 
Skylar, hearing Edgar’s name, glanced at Joe. She wondered why Edgar would call at this hour. She was afraid something had happened to Gloria. 
Joe’s expression changed as he listened. He hung up and said, “Grandma suddenly had heart trouble and was just taken to the hospital.” 
Skylar’s face also shifted with worry. “Let’s hurry to the hospital.” 
She was puzzled by the sudden turn of events, as Gloria’s health had seemed to be improving recently. 
###chapter661
The quiet, nearly deserted streets of Jipsburg City at night allowed Joe and Skylar to reach the hospital quickly. 
When they arrived at the ward, Gloria was asleep in bed and looking pale. Skylar’s concern was evident in the furrow of her brow 
After leaving the ward, Joe immediately asked Edgar, How did Grandma suddenly develop heart trouble in the middle of the night?” 
Edgar, also pale, was about to respond when a middle–aged man’s voice interrupted from behind them. 
“What is Mrs. Martin Senior’s condition? What did the doctors say?” 
Skylar, Joe, and Edgar turned to see who was speaking 
This was Skylar’s first encounter with Edwin, who was accompanied by Molly. 
Skylar hadn’t expected to meet Joe’s father under such circumstances. There was little resemblance between Joe and Edwin; Joe took more after his mother. 
“Why are you here?” Joe demanded, his eyes narrowing sharply as he regarded Edwin with cold hostility. 
The tension between them was more like that of enemies than father and son, even more strained than if they were complete strangers. 
Edwin’s face hardened in anger at Joe’s attitude. “Mrs. Martin Senior is your grandma and my mother. Since she’s in the hospital, I came to see her.” 
Molly immediately interjected, “Mrs. Martin Senior suddenly felt unwell while talking to your father on the phone. We rushed over as soon as we learned about it. What did the doctor say? Do we need to bring in a specialist from abroad?” 
Molly’s eyes briefly met Skylar’s. 
Skylar remained calm and indifferent when their gazes met, as if she didn’t recognize her. 
Molly was secretly astonished. Despite her young age, Skylar’s composure and calmness made Molly see her in a new light. 
Joe shot a cold glance at Molly and said, “Leave.” 
Molly was unfazed. She turned to Edwin and said, “Darling, I’ll wait for you outside the hospital.” 
“Joe, after all these years, you still can’t accept her? Let’s put this matter aside for now, What’s important is your grandmother,” Edwin said gravely. 
With that, Edwin’s gaze swept over Skylar. His eyes held a frosty, scrutinizing look. 
Skylar sensed Edwin’s disapproval and scrutiny. She had no intention of trying to please him, especially after Molly’s previous attitude. 
“What did you say to Grandma?” Joe asked coldly. 
Edwin frowned. “What I said isn’t important.” 
“You’d better hope nothing happens to Grandma,” Joe said icily, as if the man standing before him wasn’t his father but his enemy. 
Edwin’s face darkened. “I’m your father her to be healthy more than anyone.” 
Do you think I want something to happen to your grandma? I want 
F 
Standing to the side, Edgar sighed inwardly. This kind of situation was typical. However, with Skylar present now, Joe had somewhat restrained himself. 
Edwin had never really fulfilled his responsibilities as a father, and the conversation he had had with Gloria that night had deeply hurt her. 
In Edwin’s view, Gloria’s age was the reason for her seemingly foolish decisions. He was adamant that Skylar was not the daughter–in–law he desired. 
Skylar could guess some of the reasons from Edgar’s expression. 
Joe let out a cold, disdainful laugh. It seemed as though he found the term “father” from Edwin’s mouth to be contemptible. 
Edwin’s expression darkened further. He turned his gaze to Skylar, his eyes now filled with even more disdain. With an air of superiority, he coldly asked, “Are you Skylar?” 
###chapter662
Skylar’s appearance was striking enough to 
in her and reluctant to divorce. 
make any man’s heart flutter. No wonder Joe was so invested 
Skylar’s expression remained calm and indifferent as she replied, “I am.” 
Joe took her hand firmly in his. He wrapped it entirely in his grasp and said, “She’s my wife.” 
His firm 
dearation made Skylar’s hand 
slightly. His tone was resolute, without a trace of 
It was clear that he took great pride in her being his wife. This declaration also gave him the confidence and strength to invest his heart fully. 
Watching from the sidelines, Edgar felt warmth spread through his chest. He thought to himself that Gloria could finally rest easy–Joe truly cared for Skylar 
It was evident that Joe was standing up for Skylar before Edwin. It was something he had never done so earnestly before. 
Edwin’s face darkened with anger. He thought Joe was merely an ungrateful son. 
“You two only have a marriage certificate. Many people in Jipsburg City still don’t know about your relationship,” he said coldly. 
Molly, who had yet to leave, subtly furrowed her brow at the scene. 
Joe’s concern for Skylar was more pronounced than she had anticipated. There was a softness in Joe’s eyes when he looked at Skylar, perhaps even a tenderness he himself was unaware of. 
“I’m preparing for the wedding. You’ll be notified to attend when it’s time. For now, we should focus on Grandma’s condition. If anything happens to her, you will be held accountable,” Joe said coldly. 
Edwin’s anger was palpable. “Do you even realize what you’re saying?” he demanded. 
The elderly had less resilience as they aged, so it was normal for them to suddenly feel unwell while on the phone. Yet Joe dared to blame him for it. 
“There’s too much going on with the Martin family right now. You’d better postpone the wedding,” Edwin added sharply. 
Skylar felt Edwin’s hostility acutely this time. Regardless of Joe’s earlier words, the wedding would have failed to take place. 
Aside from Gloria, the rest of the Martin family would not tolerate Skylar staying with Joe. 
Skylar had a rebellious streak and felt even more determined to stay with Joe under these 
circumstances. She wanted the Martin family, who failed to care for Joe, to see them living harmoniously together. 
Joe’s lips curled into a cold smile. “The Martin family has a lot going on lately. What does that have to do with me?” 
He was determined to do what he wanted, and no one could stop him. 
“The wedding must go on. I’ll not let my wife be wronged in any way,” Joe declared. His voice grew firmer with each word. His tone clearly indicated a fierce disagreement between him and his father. 
Skylar kept her head down. She appeared obedient and silent. Yet, a ripple of doubt stirred within her. She wondered if Joe’s constant reference to her as his wife was merely a way to provoke Edwin. 
This thought was quickly pushed aside. Regardless of his reasons, she couldn’t dwell on it. 
Edwin’s expression darkened further. “Your grandma isn’t feeling well today, and we’re in a hospital. It’s not the right time to discuss things. We’ll talk later.” 
Joe sneered. He suddenly glanced at Molly. “Aren’t you leaving yet?” 
Molly’s face stiffened immediately. 
Having been Mrs. Martin for so many years, she was accustomed to being respected and treated with utmost care whenever she went. Her elevated status had made her forget what it was like to be treated with disdain. 
Now, faced with Joe’s cold stare and the command to leave, she felt a storm of emotions rising within her. 
###chapter663
Molly managed to force a smile. “Joe, there’s no need for such hostility. I’ve 
son.” 
Joe’s expression hardened into a sharp, menacing glare. “Get out.” 
ways thought of you as my 
“Joe!” Edwin roared in fury. He had hoped time would soften Joe’s stance, but it seemed to have only made him more unyielding. 
Molly’s expression darkened. “I’ll leave now.” 
“Just because I don’t voice my thoughts doesn’t mean I’m unaware. I simply refuse to dirty my wife’s ears with these matters. You’d better leave the hospital while I’m still rational.” Joe’s tone was icy, full of contempt. Old grievances buzzed in his mind like gnawing insects, stirring nausea in his gut. 
The two before him were middle–aged, yet the stains of their past sins lingered in Joe’s mind, vivid as 
ever. 
Skylar sensed Joe’s emotional turmoil and gently clasped his hand. He applied a strength to her grasp 
that even he hadn’t realized. 
Joe snapped back to reality, peering down at Skylar. He felt the queasy feeling in his stomach abruptly diminish. 
Molly’s face turned pale, and she quickly left without saying a word. 
Edwin appeared somewhat restrained. He glanced at Edgar unwillingly and said, “Take good care of Mrs. 
Martin Senior.” 
“I will,” Edgar replied. 
After Edwin and Molly left, Joe’s expression softened considerably. 
Edgar looked at Skylar with some concern. He worried that the earlier scene might have upset her. But seeing her calm demeanor, he realized Gloria was right. Anyway, her judgment had always been spot on. 
“Dr. Colon says Mrs. Martin Senior’s condition is stable for now Edgar said softly to the young couple. 
If Gloria were awake, she wouldn’t want to see them so worried. 
“What did he say to Grandma?” Joe asked Edgar. 
You two don’t need to worry too much,” 
Edgar glanced at Skylar and then shook his head. “I was busy then and didn’t hear what Mrs. Martin Senior and Mr. Martin discussed.” 
Skylar could guess what their conversation had been about. 
“I’ll stay here to take care of Grandma. You two should go back and get some rest,” Skylar told Joe and Edgar. 
Edgar was older. He shouldn’t stay up all night at the hospital. Joe had just confronted his father, so his emotions were likely in turmoil. 
Skylar suggested staying behind to care for Gloria, as she was emotionally stable and more suited to the task. 
“Let me stay. There are other staff and nurses here. You two should return to Galaxy Villa and come back to the hospital tomorrow morning,” Edgar offered. 
Joe glanced at his watch and checked the time. 
It was already midnight. Returning to the villa and back was impractical. 
“Alright,” Joe agreed. He then led Skylar out of the hospital. 
He didn’t take Skylar back to the Galaxy Villa. Instead, they stayed at a hotel nearby. 
After the earlier ordeal, neither felt like sleeping once they arrived at the hotel. 
Joe held Skylar in his arms. He remained silent for a while. He only spoke when he sensed that Skylar wasn’t sleeping either. “Were you scared at the hospital?” 
“No, I’m not that easily frightened,” Skylar replied honestly. 
After witnessing various forms of human nature and betrayal, she was no longer afraid of much. “Don’t let their attitudes toward you today bother you too much,” Joe said, his voice growing somber. 
###chapter664
Skylar nodded softly. 
Joe gently ruffled her hair and asked, “What kind of wedding do you want?” 
Skylar looked surprised. “Are we really going to have a wedding?” 
She had thought Joe’s mention of a wedding was just to provoke Edwin and Molly. 
The wedding… She had never thought about it before. 
“Yes. Don’t most women dream of a wedding they’ll remember for a lifetime? As my wife, you deserve nothing less,” Joe said, his voice tender. 
His tone was so soft, as if the wedding was something he genuinely looked forward to. 
Skylar replied quietly, “I’ll need to think about it.” 
“Any thoughts or requests you have, just let me know,” Joe said. 
As the conversation turned to wedding plans, Joe’s demeanor softened further. Unnoticed by both, they eventually drifted off to sleep. 
After returning home that night, Edwin and Molly couldn’t calm their emotions for a long time. 
“Darling, given Joe’s attitude toward Skylar today, if we try to act against him, it might backfire,” Molly said. Joe’s words seemed mild, but they were likely a warning. Joe probably had some incriminating evidence against them. 
Edwin remained stern–faced. “No matter what, I’m still his father. I won’t worry about him. I’ll do what needs to be done.” 
In his view, no matter how much Joe might try to assert control, he would never be able to overshadow 
him as a father. 
Molly nodded. “Alright.” 
In the darkness of the night, Molly’s eyes were filled with a grim determination. 
If Joe truly cared about Skylar, she would ensure he didn’t get his way. Over the years, Joe had made her life difficult and embarrassed her on more than one occasion. 
She was determined to ensure he wouldn’t have the satisfaction of achieving his desires, and there was also Gloria who hadn’t accepted her. She couldn’t allow the two of them to live so comfortably. 
The next morning, Skylar and Joe h 
breakfast at the hotel before going to the hospital. 
Gloria had just woken up. Upon seeing them, she smiled warmly and said, “I’m fine. You two don’t need to worry.” 
Her health was deteriorating more and more. Just a few words with her son had caused her to faint from a sudden surge of anger, which in turn made Joe and Skylar worry about her. 
“Mrs. Martin Senior just had a large bowl of chicken soup, and Dr. Colon has been by. You don’t need to be concerned,” Edgar said. 
Seeing Gloria’s improved condition eased Skylar’s worries. She said, “It’s good that Grandma is fine.” 
Earlier that morning, the doctor, Gavin Colon, called Joe to explain Gloria’s current condition. Although her fainting spell was related to her heart, it was primarily due to a surge of anger that overwhelmed her, causing her to faint. Since she had come to the hospital on time, there was no need for excessive 
concern. 
“Did your father come by last night? Did the two of you argue again?” Gloria asked. She turned to Joe, who had been quiet and had a somber expression. 
Although Edgar hadn’t said anything to her, she knew she had fainted while on the phone with Edwin. 
Despite Edwin’s lack of loyalty, he would still come to the hospital. 
The father and son duo were practically enemies. They fought whenever they met, all due to the unfortunate events of the past. 
Gloria sighed again with resignation, 
Joe spoke calmly, “It’s normal for us to argue whenever we meet. Don’t worry about it.” 
In his eyes, having a father or not made no difference. He might as well be dead. 
Skylar quietly peeled an apple beside them. The faint apple scent helped to neutralize the smell of disinfectant in the room. 
###chapter665
Gloria sighed, feeling helpless. But considering what Edwin had done, Joe’s behavior was understandable. 
Although she had been with the Martin family for many years, since her husband’s passing, the Martin family had gradually become fragmented. Each member had their own thoughts, and she could only adapt to the changes rather than influence them. 
On the surface, everyone showed respect for her. 
Gloria remembered what Viola had told her. She said that some things couldn’t be changed by one person’s efforts. Times and people would evolve. 
When Edwin was young, he was quite good–natured. However, as he grew older and was influenced by those around him, he became distant from her. 
His relationship with Gloria had deteriorated, especially after he married Molly some 20 years ago. Now that Edwin was meddling in Joe’s affairs, he was no different from the other family members. 
“Just in time, I was craving an apple,” Gloria said. Despite her heavy heart, she quickly adjusted. At her age, she had to learn how to handle these negative emotions. 
Skylar handed over the apple. 
Although Gloria had been troubled, her mood lightened just by looking at Skylar. Her presence seemed to calm her chaotic feelings. 
Joe noticed the change in Gloria’s mood. He subtly glanced at Skylar, who seemed to have a calming effect on people. 
Being with her always brought a sense of calm, no matter what challenges were being faced. The present difficulties never seemed to confine or overwhelm. 
Noticing Joe’s gaze, Skylar asked, “Would you like an apple too?” 
Before Joe could respond, Gloria huffed, “Let him peel his own apple. Don’t spoil him, Skye.” 
Joe had been looking much healthier lately. His complexion was rosy and lively. His condition had noticeably improved despite having had many things to deal with recently. 
The credit definitely went to Skylar. Without her, Joe’s current state might have been quite different. 
Joe’s lips twitched into a faint smile. “I’ll do it.” 
Skylar handed him the knife. 
Soon, Joe had peeled an apple but didn’t keep it for himself. Instead, he handed it to Skylar. 
Seeing that scene, Gloria smiled and nodded approvingly. “Skye, you go ahead and eat first. The apples today are really good and sweet. Try them.” 
“Sure,” Skylar responded. She was momentarily surprised by the warmth in Joe’s eyes as she took the apple. 
Seeing the tender exchange between the two, Gloria and Edgar shared a knowing look. 
Gloria was pleased: Joe seemed to understand how to show care for others, and it was clear that Skylar had a significant influence on him. 
After leaving the hospital, Joe dropped Skylar off at work. 
They ran into Caleb: Caleb raised an eyebrow as he saw Skylar leave Joe’s car. He waited for her to approach. 
As Skylar got closer, Caleb asked concernedly, “Did Joe give you any trouble?” 
Caleb had always suspected that Joe was mistreating Skylar. Now, seeing her with puffy eyes and looking like she hadn’t slept well, his suspicions were confirmed. 
Skylar had yawned several times in the car. 
The night before, she and Joe had talked late into the night. The following day, she had to get up early to go to the hospital. 
She hadn’t had much rest and now felt utterly drained. All she could think about was getting a cup of coffee to wake herself up. 
Just then, Caleb’s question interrupted her thoughts. She smiled and replied, “He treats me well. He wouldn’t hurt me.” 
“Don’t think you can fool me like I’m a kid. You look exhausted. If he’s not mistreating you, why do you look so worn out?” Caleb stared at her intensely. His worry for Skylar was evident. 
###chapter666
The more Caleb looked at Skylar, the more convinced he became. In his view, Joe was nothing but a wolf in sheep’s clothing. 
Caleb had believed this since he was a child, and now he was more convinced than ever. 
Skylar couldn’t help but laugh. “Last night, a family member was admitted to the hospital. I was worried all night and didn’t sleep well. Let’s go. I need to get a cup of coffee.” 
Caleb scratched his head. He felt a bit awkward. “Sorry, I misunderstood.” 
Even though it was a misunderstanding, he still believed Joe was a wolf in sheep’s clothing. Skylar was just being deceived by Joe’s appearance. 
One day, she would see Joe’s true nature. 
Edwin and Molly arrived at the hospital around noon. Molly didn’t enter the ward but waited outside. 
When Edwin appeared in the ward, Gloria was having lunch. She had a bowl of light, easily digestible chicken soup. 
“Mom, how are you feeling today?” Edwin asked. 
Gloria gave him a cold look. She replied blandly, “A bit better.” 
At least she was still alive and hadn’t been angered to death. She was still hanging on. 
Edwin was used to Gloria’s cold demeanor toward him over the years. After all, she was his mother. He spoke gently, “I brought some tomato soup. I checked with Dr. Colon, and he said you could have it.” 
Molly had personally made the tomato soup. She spent the whole morning on it with great care. 
Gloria acknowledged with a nod. “That’s thoughtful. I’ll have it later.” 
Edwin was not one for these gestures, so this had to be Molly’s idea. 
After all these years, Molly’s patience and tactics had kept her by Edwin’s side. Unfortunately, the things they had done together still made Gloria sick whenever she thought about them. 
It was probably divine retribution that neither could have children, even through IVF. 
“Mom, I was wrong last night. I shouldn’t have argued with you. I know that while anyone could hurt Joe, you never would,” Edwin said softly. 
Gloria’s expression eased a bit. “You’re right about that. No one else will look out for Joe like I will.” 
“Joe is my son and my only child. I care about him and would never harm him. Mom, we both want what’s best for him,” Edwin continued. 
Gloria frowned, “You may want children, but none of the women around you can bear them. You didn’t care about Joe when you were younger. Now that you’re older, you want to step in as a father? 
“Isn’t it too late? Joe can handle things on his own now. He’s not the same child who needed protection. You need to see him as he is and stop meddling in his affairs.” 
“Mom, I’m still his father. I would never harm him,” Edwin said, frowning. He had been a foolish young man. Besides, everyone around him was doing the same. He never thought his body would give out. 
Gloria let 
999. 999. 
more disciplined and self–controlled than you. He demands almost obsessively high standards from himself. Yes, you are his father, but you fall far short of him.” 
That was a fact. The Martin family didn’t pass on the business to Edwin because he lacked the capability. Joe took over Martin Group when he was just 20 years old. Under Joe’s leadership, the Martin Group thrived even more. 
Edwin’s face darkened as if his deepest insecurities were laid bare. “Mom, there’s no point in discussing this now. The most important thing is for you to focus on your health and recover as soon as possible.” 
M
###chapter667
Gloria's senility was evident in her old age as she continued to dwell on the past.
Gloria sniffed coldly. "Yes, I need to take good care of my health and do my best to support Joe."
She had lived her life with a clear conscience, but her failure lay in how she raised her son. Edwin had gone astray after growing up.
Thinking about everything Edwin had done over the past 20 years, she felt as if a heavy stone was pressing on her chest. It left her completely stifled.
Edwin couldn't stand to stay any longer. "Mom, I have many things to handle now that I'm back in Jipsburg. I'll leave for now. If anything comes up, you can have Edgar contact me, and I'll come right over."
"Go ahead," Gloria said. Her expression darkened, and she didn't insist on keeping him. Having Edwin around made no difference to her.
When Edwin opened the door to leave, he looked visibly upset.
When the door swung open, Gloria saw Molly standing outside. From the first time she met Molly, she had disliked her. Gloria was convinced that Molly had bewitched Edwin.
More than 20 years had passed, but Molly appeared to be even more reserved.
Molly noticed Gloria's gaze. She smiled politely and nodded at her.
She wasn't surprised to see the disdain in Gloria's eyes. She had long been aware that Gloria didn't like her, so she had grown indifferent to it. Gloria could do whatever she wanted. After all, Edwin couldn't live without Molly.
After years of Molly's influence, Edwin's feelings for his mother had faded. The maternal bond that once held them together had all but vanished. The remnants of their relationship were no longer enough to have any real impact.
Edgar positioned himself at the door in a timely manner. He was well aware of Gloria's aversion to Molly. One could hardly blame her; Molly's actions from over 20 years ago were still quite repulsive.
Once the door was closed, Gloria couldn't help but cough a few times.
"Here, have some water, Mrs. Martin Senior," Edgar said. He quickly offered her a glass of water.
Gloria accepted the glass of water and sipped slowly.
After calming down, she turned to Edgar and said, "You saw Edwin's attitude. He definitely won't let this go easily He insists on meddling in Joe's affairs, and my words mean nothing to him. As for Molly, she clearly wants to see the rift between father and son deepen." 
Edgar listed with a hint of
resignation, He replied, "Mrs. Martin Senior, you once said that each member of the Martin family has their own destiny. Now that Mr Joe
is in charge, others can't Joe
sway his
decisions. 
"As for Mrs. Martin, she is indeed clever. Mr. Edwin will eventually understand the situation and step back. What's most important now is that you try not to let these issues weigh on your mind." 
Gloria sighed. "I know. You're right."
But knowing and doing were two different things.
Natalie was carrying the items she had just brought from the food market near the hotel.
She had arrived in Cuvale City earlier that morning.
Austin had two events to attend in Cuvale City over the next couple of days. Before coming yesterday, she had researched and found a popular food market near the hotel.
So, after checking into the hotel, she went to the food market to buy some food. Meanwhile, Austin and Hank were preparing for the events.
She intended to get everything ready before Austin's makeup session so he could have a bite.
Just as she was about to use her key card to enter her room, her phone rang.
###chapter668
With her hands full, Natalie couldn't answer the phone. She hurriedly used her key card to open the door.
After putting the items down, she answered the call without checking who it was.
"Hello."
"Are you settling in at the hotel?" Jeremy's voice came through the phone.
Natalie's hand holding the phone trembled slightly. She was momentarily stunned. Then, with a delayed reaction, she replied, "The hotel's environment is nice. There's a large shopping mall next door, which is convenient and great for shopping."
Natalie realized her words sounded too formal and unfamiliar, and her heart felt heavy. It was a kind of indescribable discomfort.
"Yes, I'm here on a business trip and staying in the penthouse suite," Jeremy said after a brief pause.
Natalie's expression changed abruptly. "You're also staying at this hotel?"
Natalie wondered at the coincidence.
"Yes," Jeremy replied simply.
Natalie bit her lip and made a decision. "Alright, I'll come up to find you shortly."
Ten minutes later, Natalie delivered the items to Austin and Hank and then went to the penthouse suite.
She knocked on the door several times. Jeremy opened it almost immediately.
Natalie walked in, feeling heavy in her chest. The suite was much larger than her room.
"This hotel's penthouse suite is really impressive," Natalie commented with a somewhat strained smile.
During their time together, Natalie gradually realized they couldn't return to how things once were. Despite their efforts, it became clear that things had changed.
Their trust had never faltered, and they could do whatever they wanted without being overly cautious. She didn't need to worry too much, and she would naturally find herself leaning on Jeremy and sharing her feelings with him. However, she no longer wanted to share her thoughts and concerns with him. 
Jeremy, a shrewd businessman, must have noticed the changes in her and their relationship.
She knew he must have sensed it long ago.
"Do you be staying
Sonent to move in with me? I
here for three days,". His gaze fixed one
with a calm but intense look.
His eyes conveyed a depth of understanding that only adults could grasp.
Natalie's heart skipped a beat. Her lips were pressed into a thin line; her face gradually grew pale.
Images of Jeremy with Annabelle flashed in her mind, making it seem as if Jeremy's affectionate gaze was meant for Annabelle, not her.
She clenched her hands tightly. However, the images kept flooding her mind uncontrollably.
She repeatedly told herself that these things weren't Jeremy's fault. He had been manipulated, and she was a victim just as much as he was.
Natalie lowered her head and spoke
softly, "I'm working tonight and have to accompany Mr. Powell to an event. It's inconvenient to stay with So let's leave it for another
time." 
Jeremy's gaze grew dimmer as he asked in a low voice, "You still care, don't you?"
He watched as Natalie walked away, heading in the opposite direction.
With red-rimmed eyes, Natalie mustered the courage to look up at him and said, "I still can't forget."
Jeremy's demeanor grew colder, and the veins on his forehead became more pronounced.
They fell into a prolonged silence.
For a moment, Natalie had the unsettling feeling that Jeremy might say, "Let's end it here. Let's part ways and move on."
Just the thought seemed to lift the heavy weight pressing on her heart.
###chapter669
Jeremy said, "There's no rush, we have plenty of time. We'll take it slowly. This situation is my fault. You've done nothing wrong and you shouldn't blame yourself."
His voice was gentle and soothing, as it used to be.
Natalie had cherished these moments when Jeremy comforted her in the past. She felt like she was everything to him. But now, Natalie felt helpless as tears streamed down uncontrollably. The emotions she had suppressed for so long were breaking free.
Jeremy stepped forward. He tried to embrace her, but Natalie recoiled as though faced with a threat. She backed away from Jeremy's approach.
The distance between them made the atmosphere even more awkward and tense.
Natalie quickly composed herself and looked up at Jeremy.
Jeremy was momentarily taken aback. His outstretched hand was still hovering in midair.
"I... Jeremy, can we both take a moment to calm down? Are we really suited to continue together? We've both made efforts during this time, and there's indeed a long road ahead. But is this how you and I want to keep going, torturing each other like this?"
Natalie couldn't hold back any longer and finally expressed everything she had been feeling.
Jeremy froze, his eyes locked on her. After a long silence, he said, "I'm calm enough now. You are and will always be my wife. That will never change."
Natalie suddenly found it hard to breathe.
Hank stood outside Natalie's door. He knocked repeatedly, but he received no response. Even if Natalie had fallen asleep, she would normally respond to a knock on the door. Hank wondered why there was still no answer.
Half an hour ago, she sent him a message saying she had bought something and was returning. He and Austin had waited for her for half an hour, but she hadn't brought anything over.
After sending several messages and making phone calls, Natalie still didn't answer or respond. He informed Austin of the situation and then called the hotel front desk to have them open the door.
Before the hotel staff arrived, Austin got there first.
"She still hasn't responded?" Austin asked.
Hank nodded. "I've tried various methods to reach her, but there's been no reply. I'm not sure if she's even in the room."
Austin's face grew stern. "She wouldn't ignore calls without a special reason."
Furthermore, knowing she had work tonight, she wouldn't have turned off her phone. And with no response to the knocking... "Kick the door open," Austin commanded.
Hank looked at Austin in disbelief. "Are you serious? Can we even kick the door open?"
The hotel staff arrived just as Austin was about to force the door open. As they unlocked the door, Hank observed Austin closely.
He had initially thought Austin's
interest in
Natalie was mere
, something
restrain until Natalie was
Met
At least Natalie hadn't noticed anything unusual.
Hank suddenly wondered if he had underestimated Austin's feelings for Natalie.
Kicking down a hotel room door was an impulsive action, yet it was
Austin's decision. Even knowing the
hoteDstaff were already on their way, Austin still acted like this. 
Hank felt uneasy.
Austin was the first to rush inside when the hotel staff finally opened the door.
The room was filled with the aroma of food.
ous local snacks a
delicacies were laid out on the table, but Natalie was nowhere seen. 
###chapter670
"You all..." At that moment, Natalie's voice came from behind them.
Austin, Hank, and the hotel staff turned around to see her.
Natalie's eyes were slightly red, but only noticeable if one looked closely. Her mood seemed a bit down.
Just as she was thinking about going back to her room to touch up her makeup and improve her appearance, she found several people standing there.
After ensuring everything was fine, the hotel staff left.
The moment Austin saw Natalie, he noticed Natalie's unusual demeanor. He asked, "Is something wrong?"
Hank came to his senses. He glanced at the worried Austin. "I came to find you because you didn't respond to my calls and messages. We had to get the hotel staff involved. Are you okay?"
"I'm fine. I just went out for a bit. My phone... it must have accidentally been set to silence. Sorry, I didn't notice," Natalie said.
She pulled out her phone and looked at it. It seemed she had hit the mute button when she received Jeremy's call.
At that time, she hadn't noticed it at all.
Austin's gaze grew somber.
Natalie entered the room. "I bought quite a few things. We can eat together now."
Hank watched Austin closely. He almost wanted to remind Austin that Natalie was still married. Fortunately, Austin had never lost his composure at crucial moments.
"Perfect. I'm hungry," Austin said.
Hank checked the time. "We have half an hour before we need to leave. We should eat something now."
Otherwise, they would end up starving by the end of the night.
Natalie wasn't really in a good mood. It was clear she had something on her mind. When she was
preoccupied, she talked nonstop. However, neither Austin nor Blank mentioned anything about it.
It wasn't until half an hour later, when they were heading downstairs to leave for the event that they understood the reason for Natalie's low mood. They happened to see Jeremy getting into a nearby car.
Jeremy glanced at Natalie and then at Austin as the car window rolled up.
On the way, they didn't exchange a word. The atmosphere was tense and strange.
Hank felt as if someone had a chokehold on him, making his breathing slightly constricted. Turning to Austin, he asked quietly, "What did Jeremy's look just now mean?"
It seemed like his gaze was assessing Austin as a rival.
Austin had always been calm, even when he harbored feelings for Natalie that she remained unaware of. Yet, Jeremy's look suggested he knew more than he should.
Austin's demeanor was cold.
The distance and coldness from Austin made Hank deeply
uncomfortable. He was all too
familiar with Austin's tendencies et
and this situation only confirmed his suspicions. It felt like Austin was detiberately complicating things for himself. 
Hank glanced at Natalie. She had applied light everyday makeup in the restroom, which improved her appearance considerably.
However, when she saw Jeremy just
now, her expression changed
noticeably. Even though she had applied foundation and blush, they couldn't conceal the brief moment of bewilderment on her face.
Anyone with eyes could see that something was amiss between Natalie and Jeremy. Hank had always doubted that Natalie and Jeremy's reunion would end well.
Given Natalie's stubborn nature, it was hard to imagine her accepting Jeremy's past infidelities.
Once they were in the car, the silence was palpable. Hank decided not to make things worse by speaking. Instead, he pondered how to deal with the ongoing challenges he anticipated.
###chapter671
Natalie stared down at her phone. There was a WhatsApp message from Jeremy on the phone. He simply said he could wait.
The mere phrase "I could wait" felt like a personal accusation. It was as if Natalie were a heartless person. She was the one unwilling to face their troubles together.
Jeremy had been schemed against and was caught in a situation beyond his control. Meanwhile, she was thinking of leaving him while he was suffering.
Even her mother's frequent inquiries and concerns felt like a form of supervision, as if she were being monitored to regulate her behavior. Soon, they arrived at the event venue.
Natalie buried her thoughts and doubts deep inside as they exited the car. They were not revealed in the slightest.
Skylar had just finished a call with Joe. They were scheduled to meet at the hospital later.
They planned to stay at the hospital with Gloria for dinner.
She had just clocked out from work. She was about to leave, but someone suddenly stopped her.
"Skylar!" a deep voice called out.
Skylar looked at the person blocking her path. After only two days of peace, someone else had come to confront her. This time, it wasn't a familiar face.
It was Amelia.
Amelia glared at Skylar with a face full of anger, as if Skylar were her enemy.
She had utterly forgotten who had been taking care of her in the hospital over the years.
"Skylar, should we call a security guard?" a colleague asked.
Skylar shook her head. "You all go ahead. It's fine."
Her colleagues said nothing more. They had worked with Skylar long enough to understand her. If she said everything was fine, it was likely true. Besides, they were at the company entrance, so nothing
serious was likely to happen.
Once her colleagues had left, Skylar turned her full attention to Amelia. Amelia had been silent earlier because Skylar seemed unfamiliar to her.
From their previous encounters at
the hospital until now, she had never seen Skylar like this. Today, Amelia noticed that Skylar's demeanor had changed significantly-seeing her felt like encountering a stranger. A sharp pang of discomfort struck Amelia, and it was particularly unsettling. 
l
"Skylar, are you ashamed of abandoning my son and afraid to let your colleagues find out? Do you think you can enjoy wealth and. luxury after leaving him? Those men are just treating you like a plaything!" Amelia suddenly snapped. 
Christopher had been acting out in the past few days. Since leaving Jipsburg City, he announced that he wasn't coming back.
Once he returned to Liberty County, he drank heavily every day and fell into a state of deep despair. He kept saying he regretted everything. He claimed that Skylar was too heartless. He also insulted Maisy, calling her bitch.
Despite everything, he kept lamenting his regret over Skylar and drank excessively.
Amelia couldn't understand why Christopher was so obsessed with Skylar. With his good prospects, he could find any woman he wanted, but she couldn't understand why he was so fixated on Skylar.
"Finished? If you're done, you can leave," Skylar said.
Skylar always showed respect to her elders. However, with Amelia, politeness didn't help.
Amelia's eyes widened in shock at Skylar's coldness. "What did you say? You want me to leave? Skylar, remember how you used to try to please me?
"Do you think that now you have a new support, you can disregard me and my son? If one day you find yourself abandoned and come to me begging, I won't give you a chance. Do you believe that?"
"It's best to pick a better time for daydreaming," Skylar said. She pushed Amelia away.
Amelia was stunned by the push. She exclaimed, "You'll regret this. You will definitely regret it. Do you believe it?"
Christopher was outstanding, and many people liked him. Skylar would regret her decision.
###chapter672
Skylar took a few steps outside and then stopped. She turned to look back at Amelia. She didn't hide the disgust in her eyes. She glared at Amelia with a cold, disdainful look.
Even without speaking, her silence was incredibly intimidating, leaving Amelia deeply shocked.
It took Amelia a while to regain her composure after Skylar had left. Amelia snapped out of her daze once Skylar's figure was out of sight.
She suddenly started banging her thighs in frustration. "How could I let her intimidate me and then just walk away? It infuriates me! How could that manipulative fox seduce my son? What kind of world is this?"
She was convinced that one day, Skylar would get her comeuppance. One day, she would come begging to return to Christopher, pleading desperately.
At that moment, a cool voice suddenly spoke from behind her.
"Your son is nothing compared to Skylar. He's not even worthy of carrying her shoes. If you dare cause a scene at our company's entrance again, I have plenty of ways to make things difficult for you and your son. Do you believe it?"
Amelia was startled. She turned around and looked at the person who had spoken to her.
When she saw that it was just a young pretty boy, she dismissed him with disdain and spat, "Are you also involved with Skylar? Are you so blinded by her that you defend her? Do you have any idea how she's deceived you?"
These men were really getting more clueless by the day. Aside from her looks, Skylar had nothing else going for her. Amelia thought they were all too foolish to see through it.
Caleb's expression turned serious as he looked down at Amelia with cold, unfeeling eyes. "Are you still trying to slander Skylar?"
Then, Caleb made a phone call. He simply said, "I'm at the south plaza of the building. Bring some people over here."
"Well, are you trying to scare me with that childish trick? I've seen and dealt with more than you could imagine. How would I survive in society if I couldn't see through such petty schemes?
"Don't say I didn't warn you-stay as far away from Skylar as possible, or you'll end up regretting it. You'll be fooled by a mere manipulative fox at such a young age. It will make it hard for you to find a wife in,
future." Amelia completely
the
dismissed Caleb. 
She was most familiar with such young people. They think speaking up for Skylar made them a hero. It was so childish.
She was furious that Christopher was still infatuated with Skylar and wondered what a manipulative fox like Skylar had to offer. After meeting her just now, she didn't show even a hint of respect to her elder.
It seemed like the saying "Like mother, like son" was clearly true. Caleb was almost amused by Amelia's ignorance.
Soon, a few security guards arrived.
Seeing them, Amelia was surprised. "You..."
Caleb's voice was cold as he
addressed the security guards, "If she shows up at our company again, you are to remove her immediately. If she causes any trouble, call the police right away. Also, find a tawyer. I intend to sue her until she's
bankrupt." 
Amelia's expression changed dramatically. She realized something was wrong. The young man in front of her was no ordinary person.
"I came here to find Skylar, not to
cause trouble. From now on... I won't even bother.coming here. Do you think I would come back to a place like this? If you keep protecting Skylar, you'll face retribution She's nothing but a tramp!" Amelia began t8shout. 
Caleb's expression darkened, and he kicked toward Amelia. She was startled.
Fortunately, a nearby security guard saw and intervened. He stopped Caleb and said, "Kicking someone like her will only cause more trouble. If she dares to come back, I promise we'll make her regret it."
Caleb's gaze was fierce. It was clear that if Amelia insulted Skylar again, he wouldn't hesitate to follow through on his threat.
Amelia knew how impulsive young men could be and understood that if he wanted to hurt her, he wouldn't hesitate.
###chapter673
After shouting, Amelia quickly turned and ran away. She felt a sudden pang of guilt.
Caleb's face darkened, his lips pursed. He found Christopher disgusting, but his mother was even worse.
Skylar had no idea what had happened after she left.
Amelia's appearance had no real impact on her. At most, it was just another display of their shamelessness that briefly surprised her.
When she arrived at the hospital, she saw Paul holding two large takeout bags with a hotel logo on them. It seemed he had just picked them up from the hotel.
"Mrs. Martin," Paul greeted her immediately upon seeing her.
Skylar smiled. "You bought so much?"
"Not really, the boxes just look big," Paul replied.
Skylar didn't comment further, and they walked to the ward together.
Skylar noticed that besides Joe and Edgar, there were other people in the ward. She paused, not moving forward.
She stopped for a moment at the door.
Jenny heard the sound and looked toward Skylar and Pual at the door. When she saw Skylar, her expression changed slightly, and she greeted them with a bright smile. "Skylar, Paul."
Paul was a bit surprised. He wondered if Jenny had arrived while he was picking up the dinner.
Skylar smiled and nodded. "Good evening."
Gloria, who had seen countless situations, immediately noticed Skylar's polite yet distant demeanor and understood what was happening. Skylar was so intelligent and kind-hearted that she couldn't possibly be unaware of Jenny's feelings for Joe. Gloria cast a glance at her restless grandson.
Joe was puzzled by Gloria's look. He wondered if she was even more displeased with him now.
Then, he walked over to Skylar and took her hand. Holding her hand, he glanced at it and raised an eyebrow. He asked, "Why is your hand so cold?" Skylar smiled faintly. "I just washed my hands."
Her hands had always been like this. Since the last time she fainted, Joe always felt her hands were cold whenever he held them.
Jenny felt sad seeing the closeness. between them and the warmth and focus in Joe's eyes when he looked at Skylar. She wondered if Joe was
only focused on Skylar none
It seemed he was even more attentive to Skylar than the last time they met at the villa. Perhaps it was because they were in front of Gloria.
"You two don't need to worry about me. I know my own health, and there's nothing to worry about. You don't need to come to the hospital every day.
"You both work hard during the day,
so please get some rest at night After tonight, don't come back for the next couple of days. Enjoy some time together," Gloria said with a
smile. 
"I came to see you because I miss you, Grandma," Skylar said honestly. She needed to see for herself how Gloria was recovering to be at ease. Joe said nothing. His dark eyes fixed on Slylar, his thoughts unreadable.
"Mrs. Martin Senior is just worried about how hard Joe works. I've been working at the company these past few days, and I've seen firsthand how tough Joe's job is," Jenny suddenly said. 
###chapter674
Jenny's eyes were filled with concern as she spoke. She showed more care for Joe than Skylar did as his wife.
Joe's expression remained as cold as ever.
The shift in the atmosphere took Paul aback. Skylar remained calm and unaffected.
Gloria subtly soothed the tension in the air. With a hint of indifference, she replied, "It's normal to have a tough job. Skye's work is challenging, too."
She knew from experience that jobs requiring repetitive tasks demanded a great deal of patience and resilience.
Viola used to say that talent was just one part of the equation for someone in her line of work. What was even more important was character and endurance. Both were essential.
Jenny's smile faltered for a moment. "Yes, Skylar's work is very demanding as well."
She hadn't expected Gloria to stand up for Skylar so firmly, especially in Joe's presence.
While they spoke, Paul had already set up the packed meals.
Noticing the change in atmosphere, Jenny decided to leave before she embarrassed herself further. She made an excuse and departed. After leaving the hospital, Jenny took a cab back to her newly decorated home. The house was decorated in all the styles she liked, reflecting Rowan's intentions.
Living alone in such a large house, she felt an overwhelming sense of loneliness and isolation.
She suddenly felt like an outsider, especially after witnessing Skylar's interaction with Gloria in the hospital and seeing how Joe focus on Skylar.
No matter how hard Jenny tried to integrate herself, it seemed like an unattainable goal. The feeling of being shut out stirred jealousy within her. She couldn't understand why, after returning to Jipsburg, Joe had distanced himself from her and embraced Skylar.
With no one to confide in, she thought of Rowan. She immediately dialed his number.
There was no answer.
Suddenly, she remembered that Rowan had distanced himself from her since her successful interview. It had been days since he last reached out.
"Rowan, are you distancing yourself
from me too Jenny murmured to herself. She scrolled through Rowan's Instagram and discovered his feed had been stuck on a post about his engagement. He hadn't posted anything since then. 
Their chat history ended with her asking about the house renovations, to which he had never replied.
It was as if he had completely
ignored her, Jenny wondered if he
had really given up on her. She couldn't believe that he would truly
let her go. Feeling a surge of
el.
frustration, she quickly put on her coat and went out. She took a cab to Rowan's place. 
When she knocked on the door, someone opened the door for her.
As the door swung open, Jenny stood frozen in shock. It wasn't Rowan who opened the door. Instead, it was Rowan's fiancée, Minerva Reid. Minerva was wearing Rowan's shirt. It covered everything that needed to be covered but still radiated an air of post-event allure and innocent charm.
The sight was incredibly striking.
Jenny's face went pale. "You..."
"Are you looking for Rowan? He's in the shower. You can wait for him inside," Minerva said calmly and indifferently.
Seeing Minerva's confident demeanor, Jenny suddenly recalled the time she had stayed here. Back then, Rowan had catered to her every need. He treated her with utmost care.
As it turned out, just a few short days later, another woman was living in his home.
Minerva recognized Jenny. In their social circle, she was aware of the dynamics around Joe. She also knew that Rowan had a thing
with eyes that Jenny had no interest
Jenny But it was obvious to t
in Rowan. 
Given that Rowan was now engaged to her, their relationship was now publicly recognized. They were considered a couple in the eyes of society. Thus, Minerva had nothing to hide or explain when it came to Jenny.
###chapter675
Jenny said, "No need. I was just passing by. Since you're busy, I won't disturb you anymore." With that, she hurriedly turned and fled.
Minerva didn't immediately close the door. As Jenny entered the elevator, Minerva chuckled softly. She was puzzled by Jenny's sudden appearance. From behind, Rowan asked, "Why is the door open?"
Minerva turned to Rowan and replied, "Jenny was here earlier. I asked her to wait, but she said she had nothing important and left. Do you want to give her a call and check?"
Rowan briefly studied Minerva before responding coldly, "No need."
Minerva wasn't bothered by Rowan's indifference and smiled. "Okay."
Meanwhile, Jenny fled in a state of panic. She sat in a cab with tears streaming down her face. She felt abandoned by everyone around her.
She was bewildered by Rowan's actions.
How could he so easily be with another woman? What did she mean to him?
She could sense that Minerva was different from the other women. Rowan had been surrounded by various fleeting romances before, but his relationships with those women were just casual flings.
However, Minerva was different. She was a socialite with a prestigious background, and they were even engaged.
Jenny felt utterly lost and confused. Her mind was in turmoil.
After leaving the hospital, Skylar and Joe didn't head directly back to Galaxy Villa. Instead, they decided to walk in the city center's pedestrian street.
Under the night sky, the street was bustling with people. Neon lights illuminated the shops, each crowded with visitors.
This was their first time strolling through such a commercial area together.
As they passed a popular smoothie shop with a long line, Skylar glanced at it curiously.
Joe asked, "Do you want some?"
"Yes," Skylar replied and nodded. It didn't feel quite right if they didn't get a snack or drink while shopping.
"Let's go, then," Joe said. He strode toward the end of the line at the smoothie shop.
Skylar followed him.
The shop was a trendy spot. There was a long line of people, and those who got their drinks were quick to take a photo right away. Skylar asked, "What do you want to drink?"
"I'm not having any," Joe replied. He showed no interest in the sweet drinks.
Skylar wasn't surprised. Joe's diet had always been bland. She
remembered that he didn't even eat breakfast when she first moved into Galaxy Villa. His meals were very minimal. 
Soon, it was their turn. Skylar ordered a signature smoothie from the shop. Just as she was about to take a sip to taste it, she noticed Joe watching her. She asked, "What's wrong?" 
Joe's eyes seemed to sparkle with a certain captivating light. "Aren't you going to take a photo?"
Skylar realized belatedly and pulled out her phone to snap a picture of the smoothie.
Joe seemed dissatisfied with how
Skylar was taking the photo. He
held at high, and kissed Sk
snatched the phone from her hand,
forehead. 
on the
The moment captured on the phone was when they were kissing.
Behind them, the line of people waiting in front of the smoothie shop was visible. Neon lights hovered above their heads.
###chapter676
Skylar recovered her composure slowly while staring at the picture. Her heart raced. She asked, "Aren't you scared of being seen, Joe?" Joe's eyes glinted with a hint of a smile. He asked, "Are you scared, or am I?"
Skylar froze. When had their relationship evolved? They'd started acting like a couple who were madly in love with each other.
Joe made breakfast.
Ever since he'd prepared breakfast for the first time, he'd whip up breakfast whenever he woke up early. Per the adage, practice made perfect. With every meal he prepared, his skills improved. He would even make bolognese pasta from time to time.
That was precisely what he'd cooked that day. It would taste delicious with the addition of chopped bacon, which Skylar had prepared a few days ago. It would last them for at least a week.
Joe loved it. On some mornings, he could finish off two large bowls of pasta with chopped bacon.
After chatting casually with Skylar, Joe asked suddenly, "Did you meet Molly a few days ago?"
Skylar was surprised. How had he found out?
She nodded. Skylar wasn't interested in keeping things from Joe. She admitted, "Yeah. She asked me to meet with her in a café a while ago." Joe's eyes darkened. He asked, "What did she tell you?"
"It was like something out of a soap opera. She gave me a check and told me to leave you," Skylar answered with a smile.
However, Molly had remained far calmer and more generous than the characters in those dramas. Skylar might've wavered if Gloria hadn't stood between her and Joe, and they were a regular couple.
Joe chuckled coldly and echoed incredulously, "A check?"
"Yeah."
"How did you refuse her offer?"
Skylar grinned and asked, "How do you know I refused it?" Joe asked her straight out how she refused instead of how she responded.
Did he trust her that much?
Joe raised an eyebrow and answered, "I have faith in you."
With those five words, Skylar regained a neutral expression and replied, "I told her I would leave if you asked me for a divorce."
Their relationship had deviated from
the terms defined in their contract of covert marriage. If he filed for
divorce, she would leave withou.
question. If the woman he cherished returned, she would let him go if she chose her. 
Joe stared intently at Skylar. When their eyes met, it was as though they could read each other's minds.
Suddenly, Joe's phone rang. He picked it up and put it on speaker.
"Joe, I'm sick, took my temperature just now, and it was 102 degrees Fahrenheit, When I was discharged the doctor told me not to get sick I'm terrified. I feel so weak. Am going to die?" Jenny's weak voice rang out. 
S
Joe glanced at Skylar. She looked down and took a swig of her milk.
Joe did not respond immediately. As a result, Jenny added, "I'm sorry, Joe. I'm here bothering you again. You've been extremely busy, and you just got married recently. You definitely don't have time to worry about me. I'm sorry." 
"Wait at home," Joe instructed calmly.
Jenny agreed cheerily.
Skylar wasn't surprised. She only felt a little uncomfortable. She got up to put away the cutleries on the table.
As she took the cups and headed to the kitchen, Joe took it from her and said, "Leave it. I'll deal with it."
"Aren't you going to check on Jenny?" Skylar asked in surprise.
###chapter677
Just then, Joe's phone rang out with Paul's voice. He said, "Mr. Martin."
"Take Dr. Grey to see Jenny. She's got a fever," Joe instructed.
"Alright, Mr. Martin."
After hanging up, Joe continued tidying up.
Skylar couldn't get a read on Joe's intentions. He seemed to be keeping his distance from Jenny. Was he worried that she minded?
...
After Jenny ended the call, she excitedly anticipated Joe's arrival.
"At the end of the day, Joe still cares about me. He hurried over right after my phone call. He definitely wants me to be safe."
Jenny hadn't thought she would have a fever.
It was probably because she'd gone to Rowan's house last night. Seeing Minerva had hurt her. Moreover, Joe and Gloria's ignorance of her in the hospital had dealt her a huge blow. She couldn't stand it, which was why she'd fallen sick.
Her phone call was merely a test. She'd prepared herself for the possibility that Joe wouldn't show up. Jenny wasn't expecting Joe to hurry over immediately.
She did have a high fever and was feeling quite weak. However, she still stumbled into the washroom to check how she looked in the mirror.
The woman in the mirror was extremely pale. She looked visibly frail and was the very picture of a sick person. Yet, her eyes glinted with anticipation.
As long as Joe hadn't decided to distance himself from her, she had the whole world in her hands.
As to Rowan...
That was a problem for the future.
At the thought of him, she took a selfie with the thermometer and posted it on Instagram.
While waiting for Joe's arrival, she
looked at the slew of comments and messages asking about her health
Some were her friends, others were colleagues. Even some of her colleagues, which she'd known for barely two days, showed their
concern. Yet, Rowan was missing.
In the past, he would be the first to enquire after her whenever she got sick. He would also be the first to visit her.
Jenny glanced at the time. It wasn't even eight yet. Were Rowan and Minerva still asleep at this hour?
Jenny felt uncomfortable when she thought of Rowan's relationship with Minerva. Wasn't their relationship developing a little too fast?
As she was lost in thought, the doorbell rang.
She immediately came to and lugged her sick body toward the door. Anticipation and excitement brewed within her.
Her eyes brimmed with tears even before she opened the door.
However, the second she opened the door, she saw Paul and Howard standing outside. Her tears froze.
Paul wasn't surprised to see her face fall. He knew Jenny wanted to see Joe.
Howard and Jenny had known each other for a long time. They weren't strangers. He asked, "How are you feeling now? Did you take your temperature again?" 
Jenny regained her composure after being disoriented. She asked, "Where's Joe? Did he not come?"
Hadn't Joe asked her to wait?
Howard glanced at Paul in surprise. He'd thought that Jenny harbored some absurd feelings for Joe. This was visibly weird.
Paul could tell. He said, "Mr. Martin is extremely busy. He couldn't come in time Let Dr. Grey take a look at you. If your condition is worse than expected, you'll need to go to the hospital." 
Jenny shrunk. She stuttered, "I... Alright."
Did Joe not care about her? She had a 102-degree fever. Wasn't that enough?
...
###chapter678
As Natalie registered, she noticed that her seat number had changed. It wasn't the seat she'd originally picked out for herself.
Based on company policy, Austin would be in first class while she and Hank sat in business class. Most of the time, Austin would ask them to buy first-class seats. However, there was only one seat left this time.
After checking in their luggage, Hank noticed that Natalie hadn't moved. He asked, "What are you thinking about while staring at your ticket?" Natalie showed the ticket to Hank and asked, "Is this a mistake on the airline's part?"
Hank read the ticket before replying, "Airlines would never make mistakes like that. Someone upgraded your seat."
Did someone upgrade her seat? Natalie was confused.
Hank patted Natalie's shoulder and reassured her, "You're lucky. Maybe someone made a mistake and upgraded your seat from a business-class one to a first-class one. Someone probably canceled their flight after we bought our tickets. If not, you wouldn't have been upgraded even if you wanted to."
Natalie thought about it and found it a likely possibility. She tended to be a lucky woman. When playing cards, she tended to win round after round. Thus, she pushed it to the back of her mind.
When Austin found out that Natalie's seat had been upgraded, he grinned and said, "Hank, why don't you ask the airlines if there are empty seats so you can get an upgrade too?"
Hank realized he was right and exclaimed, "Shit, how could I have been slow enough to forget to do that?"
As he spoke, he called the airline company.
He was disappointed by the results. Hank explained, "There are no empty seats. Forget it. It's only a three-hour journey. I'll take a nap. When I wake up, we'll be there already."
Natalie thought for a moment and said, "Hank, sit at my place."
Hank had been busy for the past few days. He'd had to arrange various aspects of the event and deal with a bunch of people. He was much more exhausted than she was.
Hank shook his hands and replied, "I'm a tough man. I could take an overnight train in a straight-backed seat. This is nothing. I'm not that fragile."
The three of them chatted for a while.
They entered the airplane. Natalie sat down and looked beside her. Her heart sank.
Austin
looked
at Natalie and said,
peg in front of her. He person beside you." Contethel.nee
"Later, I'll change seats with
to 
"Oh, alright," Natalie said and nodded.
A few minutes later, someone sat down beside her.
b belongs
She was looking at her phone and didn't notice them. After they settled down, she came to her senses and glanced over.
She was stunned.
"You..."
It was Jeremy!
Jeremy grinned as he looked at Natalie, who was dumbfounded. He asked, "Are you surprised?"
Natalie's mind was a mess. She was
smilervous but forced herself to
smile and shake her head while saying, "I'm not surprised."
She hadn't been lucky. Jeremy had upgraded her seat. She should've known.
Austin suddenly turned back and asked, "Hi, can I change seats with..."
Before finishing his question, he noticed Jeremy's presence and cut himself off. His eyes fell on Jeremy before looking toward Natalie instead. He said, "I'll sleep now. If you need anything, do call me. 
Natalie hummed in acknowledgment.
When Jeremy made contact with Austin, his gaze took on an icy chill.
It looked like the two of them hadn't interacted much. In reality, hidden currents flowed beneath the appearance of calm.
Natalie hadn't noticed it. Her heart sank into her stomach, weighed down by her concerns.
###chapter679
The plane took off after a brief delay. Turbulence had been rampant over the past few days, and the initial climb was a rough, jarring experience.
Natalie felt visibly uncomfortable as the cabin swayed. Jeremy, sitting right beside her, reached out and gently consoled her just as he had done a thousand times before. "Don't be scared, Nath. I'm here for you."
Hearing those familiar words, she felt herself momentarily transported back to a time before the cracks in their foundation had appeared. For a fleeting second, Natalie felt as though she were caught in a dream of the past. Her body instinctively relaxed, and she nodded calmly at him.
"I'm not scared," she replied, mirroring the exact response she used to give him years ago.
Jeremy’s eyes glinted with a mix of surprise and hope. He had waited an entire day just to ensure they flew back together, believing that the distance between them would eventually vanish with time. He hoped that, eventually, they would stop feeling the lingering, painful effects of his past affair.
"I brought a book. Would you like to read it?" Jeremy asked after the plane reached its cruising altitude. He pulled a volume from his carry-on.
Natalie looked down. It was a romance novel, filled with the kind of classic tropes that promised a passionate, happy ending. Jeremy knew her better than she knew herself; he remembered that her eyes became easily irritated by phone screens, but she could read a physical book for hours without discomfort.
"Thank you," Natalie said softly, taking the book from his hand.
She hadn't touched a novel like this in a long time. In the past, these stories enthralled her because she believed her own life was a mirror of those romantic pages. Back then, she believed in the magic of "happily ever after."
Now, she no longer had the heart to dream.
Looking at the embracing couple on the cover, she felt a pang of reluctance, but she couldn't bring herself to refuse Jeremy's calculated kindness. As she flipped through the pages, a sense of déjà vu washed over her. She realized she had read a digital copy of this very book months ago and had even cried over the characters' struggles, promising herself she would buy a physical copy once it was published.
She wondered if this was a genuine coincidence or if Jeremy had meticulously tracked her reading history to find this specific title.
Jeremy watched her intently, noting the way her focus drifted. He could see the self-doubt clouding her features and the way she tried to maintain a subtle, cold distance. He hadn't missed the fact that their "coincidental" meeting at the hotel and this shared flight had frightened her more than it had pleased her. There was no joy in her surprise—only a sense of being cornered.
"Nath, things will get better. Believe me," Jeremy said, his voice dropping to a pleading undertone.
Natalie felt her chest tighten painfully. She wanted to escape the suffocating proximity of the cabin, but her rationality took over. She forced herself to nod and say, "Alright, I believe you."
But in her heart, she understood that "belief" meant very little now. Once trust has been shattered, rebuilding it is like trying to mend a glass vase; even if the pieces fit back together, the cracks remain visible. She felt a wave of guilt, wondering if she was being too headstrong or selfish for not being able to let go.
A few rows away, Austin could overhear their hushed conversation. He sensed immediately that they weren't like other married couples. He could tell that Jeremy had done something to force Natalie to bend her own principles. It was clear to him that Natalie was forcing herself to face this marriage head-on, suppressing her own will to accommodate Jeremy’s presence.
Although the flight was only three hours long, it felt like an eon. Natalie eventually gave up the pretense of reading. She knew every word on the page, but she couldn't process them; her mind felt as if it were filled with thick, heavy glue.
When it was finally time to disembark, Jeremy reached out and took her hand. Natalie jerked it back stiffly, her instinct screaming for space, but Jeremy’s grip remained tight and unyielding, silently signaling that he wasn't ready to let go.

###chapter680
A realization dawned upon Natalie-she was repulsed by physical contact with Jeremy. Her love for him had been converted to utter disgust at his touch.
Natalie struggled out of his grasp with all her might, not caring whether her arm could've been dislocated. Then, she stood aside and dry heaved. It shocked Jeremy, as well as Hank and Austin.
Jeremy was frozen in place. He turned as pale as a ghost.
Natalie vomited nothing. However, the nausea had been too strong to resist.
Once she recovered, the color drained from Natalie's face upon seeing Jeremy's paleness. A torrent of words lingered on her lips, but they dissipated shortly after. She had no idea how to explain.
Hank asked hurriedly, "How are you doing? Do you need to make a trip to the hospital?"
This wasn't a regular occurrence.
"I-I'll go home to rest," Natalie said. She looked at Austin and Hank.
Austin nodded.
Hank agreed, "Go home and rest well. Tell me if you need anything."
Natalie nodded and turned to Jeremy. She said, 'I'm alright. Are you heading to the office? Or will you be coming home?"
Jeremy gazed deeply at Natalie. Then, he said, "I'll be going to the office before going home."
"Alright," Natalie said. She couldn't help but sigh in relief.
Once Natalie and Jeremy left, Hank revealed his thoughts, "That doesn't mean that she's pregnant, does it? Jeremy' attitude leaves much to the imagination. Their dynamicis extremely weird. Did you see Jeremy's face after Natalie began Vomiting? He paled all of a sudden!"
People in the entertainment industry also needed to be highly observant in addition to being suave and tactful. Otherwise, all their efforts wouldn't yield results.
Austin's expression was terrifying.
Darkness hovered around him. It wasn't an act. Although Austin was extremely intimidating on set, Hank knew what was happening. Austin was genuinely livid. 
Fuck! Could Austin not scare Hank to death?
"If she is pregnant, she might not be able to work in the future. As to you... why don't you go overseas and shoot a few movies?" asked Hank.
It was just a bit of romance between
them. It wouldn't stand the test of time. In addition, there hadn't been much of a relationship anyway. It wasn't too late to back down, not to mention Natalie had no idea about Austin's feelings for her. 
Austin remained silent. He got into the car silently.
Hank did not say anything more.
After Natalie returned home, she sat on the couch for a long time, lost in thought.
In the end, she pulled her phone out and called Kate.
Kate picked up quickly and asked, "Nath, aren't you on a business trip? How did you find the time to call me?"
"Mom, I've reflected on this extensively and made my decision. I cannot continue being together with Jeremy. I want a divorce," Natalie announced somberly.
Her tone was devoid of hesitation.
As she walked off the plane, during the car ride home, and until she made this call, only one thought consumed her.
She couldn't fool herself anymore.
###chapter681
They hadn’t met up. However, Natalie knew that Kate was definitely floored. 
“What? A divorce? Are you sure? Nath, a divorce is more than just a declaration. You’ve just gone home for a few days. I think Jeremy has changed drastically. He has become much more attentive toward you. 
“Nath, there’s no way to turn back time. Let’s… You must consider your decision thoroughly. After all, Jeremy wouldn’t have wanted this to happen, right?” 
She was briefly shocked. Then, Kate immediately tried to talk her out of it. Her heart seized whenever she thought of Jeremy and Natalie. 
She was launched into further agony upon hearing Natalie’s determination to divorce him. 
Natalie wasn’t surprised by Kate’s reaction. She replied, “Mom, I know it’s unfair to Jeremy if I divorce him. However, it wouldn’t be fair to either of us if we didn’t get a divorce, would it? 
‘Mom, I think of his betrayal every time I look at him. He only held my hand and I wanted to throw up.” 
“What?” Kate was dumbfounded. 
“How did things get to this point? Nath, why don’t you visit a psychologist? Let him help you.” 
A psychologist would be their best bet. They couldn’t convince Natalie to stay in their marriage, but a psychologist would definitely be able to help. 
Natalie didn’t know how to react to Kate’s words. She said, “Mom, I’ve been to a psychological assessment already.” 
How could she have passed over a visit to a psychologist? Yet, he could not help her forget those memories or make her continue loving Jeremy. 
It would’ve been untrue to say she’d never loved Jeremy. However, she couldn’t keep loving him anymore. 
Who could sympathize with her situation if they hadn’t gone through the same thing? 
“What did the doctor say?” Kate pressed on 
Natalie didn’t keep things to herself. She explained, “Mom, this isn’t a mental health issue. He can’t make me forget what happened.” 
Kate was speechless. She flailed helplessly and murmured, “Nath…” 
“I’m sorry, Mom,” Natalie said. She hung up immediately after. 
Then, she went to the study upstairs and printed two copies of their divorce agreement. She signed both copies. 
Then, she headed to the kitchen to prepare dinner. She made dishes both she and Jeremy adored. It was a simple meal. 
Then, she texted Jeremy. After a few minutes, he messaged her back, telling her he would be home around six. 
Natalie stared at the word “home“, lost in thought. 
When Skylar got off work, she noticed that Jenny had texted her. How typical of a little girl–blaming others when wronged before looking inward. 
*Skylar, were you the one who stopped Joe from coming to see me? Don’t you know that Joe was my only companion growing up? I don’t have any family except for Joe. “He’s the only one I want to see when I’m sick. Aren’t you being too cruel? How do you sleep at night after doing so? You and Joe have gotten married. Why are you still unsatisfied? You’ve hurt me and caused me to wither hopelessly. Does this entertain you? Don’t be too inhumane!” 
She’d sent the message around 3:00 pm. When Skylar offered no reply, Jenny sent another message half an hour later. 
“Skylar, give Joe back to me, alright? Before you came into the picture, Joe never treated me like that. He’d spoiled me silly. He would never ignore me while I was sick. 
“Yet, you’ve forced him to turn a blind eye to my situation. Aren’t you being unnecessarily cruel? I’m begging you. Please! I’ll do anything.” 
Skylar looked at the huge bl
###chapter682
Jenny’s reasoning was flawed. She started out cursing Skylar but ended up begging for her mercy. 
This wasn’t a soap opera. Skylar wouldn’t be moved by her pathetic little act. 
Skylar shut her phone off. She got into the car and set off to Pearlhall Residence. Gloria was about to be discharged. She and Joe had planned to visit her after work. 
Jenny lay in bed lamenting her ignored text. At the same time, she was tortured by her fever. Skylar shouldn’t have ignored her no matter the circumstance, right 
Jenny took three days of leave from work to recover from her fever. 
Howard was the only person who’d visited her. Joe did not show up. 
Rowan didn’t ask how she was doing either. She posted a story on Instagram every day. Rowan couldn’t have missed it. He was ignoring her on purpose. 
“I did nothing wrong. Why can’t all of you treat me like how you used to in the past?” 
Would everything be different if Skylar and Minerva hadn’t come into the picture? 
For some reason, there was a jam where there usually wouldn’t have been. She was stuck there for half an hour. Skylar glanced at the road in front of her. They were completely still. 
She wouldn’t be able to get to Pearlhall Residence anytime soon. She could only call Joe and inform him of her situation. Joe consoled her and advised her against panicking. 
Perhaps the other drivers had lost their patience because they’d been waiting for so 
long. 
When the cars began nudging forward, a loud crash rang out. Skylar’s car had been 
rear–ended! 
The car surged forward. Skylar’s head collided with the steering wheel. She was instantly overcome with dizziness as her ears rang. She wouldn’t get a concussion from this, would she? 
Then, someone knocked on the window and signaled for her to open the door so they could check on her. 
Skylar steeled herself before opening the door to get out. She couldn’t quite find her 
balance. 
“Call a traffic cop.” 
Skylar called emergency services. She needed to get herself checked up. 
Her phone was slapped out of her hand. 
Before she realized what had happened, she was yanked into a neighboring car. 
At the same time, a needle was stabbed into her arm. 
She lost consciousness before she had the chance to fight back. 
Jeremy came home early, at ten minutes to six. 
He held a cake in hand. 
Natalie was surprised by it. She murmured, “You…” 
How did he come up with the idea of buying a cake? 
Jeremy put the cake down. His expression was calm, as though nothing had happened at the airport. Today is our wedding anniversary. Have you forgotten?” 
Natalie froze. She asked, “Wedding anniversary?” 
They had been married for a year. 
Perhaps because they’d known each other for a long time and had dated for a few years, Natalie felt like they’d been married for a long time. 
Only a year had passed. 
Yet, she’d forgotten. 
###chapter683
Even though the date had been written across the divorce contract while she signed it, Natalie still forgot the date. She was a heartless woman. 
“You’ve always been lost in your own world. It’s not surprising that you forgot.” 
Tears welled 
up in Natalie’s eyes. 
Jeremy looked at the dishes on the table. It set off alarm bells in his mind. His gaze darkened. However, his eyes flicked back to Natalie as though nothing had happened. 
“You made dinner? It has probably cooled. I’ll heat it up.” 
Jeremy was still dressed in a suit. He rolled his sleeves up and took the plates to the kitchen. Although he was a CEO, he did not boss her around. He behaved as though they were equals. 
He heated the dishes up expertly. 
Tears rolled down Natalie’s cheeks as she stared at the cake. Natalie felt dumb for 
crying over it. 
After Jeremy came out with the dishes all reheated, Natalie took his hand and turned around. She stared at him with red–rimmed eyes and stated, “Jeremy, let’s get a 
divorce.” 
She couldn’t meet his eyes after that and ran upstairs. 
A few minutes later, she returned with the signed divorce agreements. 
Within that time, she’d calmed herself down. She was no longer as panicked as she had been while talking to him. She explained, “We can’t go on like this. Forcing ourselves to stay together will only hurt both parties. Today, you merely took my hand, and I couldn’t tolerate it. I’m sorry, Jeremy.” 
Jeremy pursed his lips. He was still frozen. 
Natalie couldn’t get a read on him. 
The second he caught sight of the divorce agreement, he exuded a menacing demeanor. 
“I’ve said we’ve got the rest of our lives together. I can wait,” Jeremy repeated forcefully. 
Natalie shook her head. Tears rolled in her eyes. She said, “Indeed, we’ve got many 
Chanter 683 
years before–us. You’ll have many other choices, but I won’t be one of them. I can’t face you now, and I won’t be able to face you in the future. 
“Jeremy, stop lying to yourself. We know each other well. You know me like the back of your hand. We’ve become more and more courteous toward each other. We’re acting as though we are complete strangers. Our dynamic is no longer one of a married couple.” 
“It has been less than a month, Nath,” Jeremy reminded. 
What difference could a month make? 
He knew her well. She needed a long time to process what she’d seen. 
Natalie inhaled deeply and pulled her phone out. She clicked into her chat records. with Annabelle and played the video. She brandished her phone in front of Jeremy. 
She’d only seen the video once. Yet, it had become deeply ingrained in her brain. Playing it again felt like being torn apart once more.. 
She’d never wanted this to happen since the beginning. Natalie did not want their relationship to land in this situation. It was intolerable. 
The second Jeremy saw the videos, his pupils dilated. He roared, “Nath! Turn it off!” 
He grabbed her phone. Veins popped in his forearm. 
Natalie sobbed silently. Then, she pleaded, “Jeremy, we can’t go back to how things used to be. Let’s get a divorce!” 
Jeremy launched her phone across the room. Then, he stared at Natalie silently. 
In Pearlhall Residence, Gloria checked the time. An hour had passed since Skylar had called. 
“What kind of traffic could keep her for so long? Even the busiest roads should’ve calmed at this hour,” Gloria said. 
“I’ll call her to ask,” Joe replied. It had been too long. However, no one picked up. He called her twice consecutively. On the third try, it didn’t even go through. 
Gloria asked, “What’s going on? Did Skylar text you?” 
For some reason, she felt unexplained anxiety coursing through her. She’d done a full -body examination just now. Her symptoms wouldn’t recur, would they? 
###chapter684
Gloria thought she’d survive for at least three more years. Why was she feeling sick. shortly after leaving the hospital? 
Joe’s expression turned grim. He called Paul and asked him to look into what wast going on with Skylar. 
“I’ll scope out the situation now,” Paul said. 
Gloria waved Joe away and agreed, “Head over there as soon as possible!” 
When Joe arrived at the road Skylar said she’d been stuck at, he realized the traffic had cleared. He had a bad feeling about this 
Paul hurried over immediately and reported, “Mr. Martin, I’ve looked into what happened here. It doesn’t usually get congested here, even during peak hours. I got clearance to look through the surveillance footage. We’ll be able to find out what exactly happened soon.” 
Joe watched the footage. 
There was a stretch of highway where the footage was missing. One of the cameras had allegedly malfunctioned. It was being repaired. 
However, they could see Skylar’s car in the stream of vehicles. After a while, Skylar’s car got through the jam. 
However, in the video, they saw Skylar’s car get rear–ended. Her bumper was badly dented as a result. 
Based on the time stamps in the footage, Skylar had gotten past the jam an hour ago. It was only a ten–minute journey from where she had been last seen to Pearlhall Residence. She should’ve arrived a long time ago. 
“Could Mrs. Martin have gone to the car dealership to get her car fixed?” 
Joe’s expression was stiff. He pursed his lips. Then, he ordered, “Something must have happened. Investigate it. Find Skylar as soon as possible.” 
Paul exclaimed, “Alright!” 
An hour later, Paul gave Joe Skylar’s battered phone. 
“We’ve found Mrs. Martin’s car. It has been burnt to a shell. Something has happened to Mrs. Martin!” 
When Joe saw her phone, his face fell further. He exclaimed, “Deploy all possible. resources to look for her. I want to see her before dawn!” 
The longer she remained missing, the more danger she would be in. 
When Joe thought of her inexperience in dealing with such treacherous situations, he clenched his fist till his veins popped. 
“Mr. Martin, would you like Aiken to help? Paul asked after a moment of hesitation. 
“Get in touch with him. He can set the price, Joe said. 
Aiken had been reading a book about appraising antiques. At this hour, there would seldom be anyone or anything who could disrupt his flow. Even Simona wouldn’t disturb his peace. 
However, someone was calling his private number. Not many people were privy to it. When he saw Paul calling, he raised a brow and picked up. 
Paul described Skylar’s disappearance succinctly. 
Aiken’s expression changed drastically. He asked, “Does that mean that Skylar is Joe’s wife?” 
He’d received a few pictures of Skylar. Before refusing the case, he hadn’t even sent someone to look into Skylar. Who knew that Skylar would be Joe’s wife? 
News of their marriage had been kept under wraps. No one in Jipsburg had found out about it. That would explain why Edwin wanted to murder Skylar. He still disliked her background and who she was as a person. 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter685
Others in Jipsburg might not have known about the Martin family. However, Aiken had an inkling of what went on behind the scenes. Edwin and Joe had a rocky relationship. 
yeah. Mr. Martin said that you can set whatever price you want. We just want news on Skylar’s whereabouts,” Paul said. 
Aiken.stopped speculating about the Martins. He put his book down and stood up. He stated, “I’ll update soon.” 
When Skylar woke up, she was extremely disoriented and felt extremely weak. She was freezing and had to mobilize every ounce of strength to open her eyes. 
When the world stopped spinning around her, Skylar suddenly realized something. She’d gotten kidnapped! 
Her eyes were scalded by a bright light the second she opened them. She shut her eyes immediately. 
Skylar recalled what had happened before she lost consciousness. She’d been injected with a drug. It was why she was so limp. 
Her movements were miniscule and she didn’t make much noise. Perhaps that was why no one noticed she’d woken up. 
“Set up another camera over there. Remember what I’m telling you now. It has to be filmed from all angles. You mustn’t miss out on any of the action. When she wakes up, give her the drug. She can’t look like she was forced at all. It needs to seem like she had initiated it.” 
“Don’t worry. We’ve filmed many videos in the past few years. We’ve got enough tactics and positions for you to make a whole movie out of it.” 
“This is the first time I’ve met such a beautiful woman. She doesn’t have a spot of makeup on her and she’s this gorgeous already. I can’t stand it anymore.” 
“Ha! You’re pathetic!” 
‘Just don’t kill her by accident. You can have your way with her as long as that doesn’t happen.” 
“She’s gorgeous with an excellent figure. How could we kill her? We’ll take our time with her. Don’t worry. We will film a video that satisfies you!” 
Their conversation took a turn for the worse as it progressed. Skylar’s heart sank upon hearing their words. She knew what she would be subjected to. 
They were in Jipsburg, a city filled with police officers. How could they dare to commit such heinous crimes? 
It wasn’t the time to think about that. She had been drugged and was feeling weak all over. Escaping wasn’t an option. She could only continue faking unconsciousness to delay the eventual for as long as she could. 
She hadn’t arrived in Pearlhall Residence despite having set off hours ago. Joe and Gloria would definitely have noticed that something was off. 
She had to delay it and calm down. Then, she needed to recuperate. 
The men spoke louder as time went on. They could no longer hold themselves back. 
“Why hasn’t she woken up? Did you inject an excessive dosage?” 
“It was a normal amount. It shouldn’t be an issue. She should’ve woken up. She’s horribly unhealthy. If not, she should’ve woken up by now.” 
“Let me take a look.” 
A man walked over. Skylar was motionless and showed no signs of being awake. He immediately checked her breathing. When he felt her even breaths, he sighed in relief. 
“She’s fine. If we can’t hold back, we can get a head start on her first. We’ll edit the footage once she wakes up. I can’t stand it anymore!” 
“Me too! I can’t hold myself back. She’s too fucking gorgeous. If I had such a gorgeous girlfriend, I’d lock her at home every day.” 
“Alright, I’ll turn the cameras on. Put on your masks.” 
They put on masks excitedly. 
Skylar tightened her fists as her heart raced. It thundered even faster than it used to when facing Maisy and Christopher before her rebirth. 
When all the cameras started working, Skylar opened her eyes. She stared at the men approaching her. They stopped at the same time. 
###chapter686
They were spooked by Skylar’s sudden awakening. Hadn’t she been unconscious? 
“She’s woken up at the perfect time. She was gorgeous enough with her eyes closed. With her eyes open, she’s even more beautiful than any actress I’ve seen.” 
“Stop talking. I can’t hold myself back anymore.” 
Their eyes glinted under their masks like those of greedy wolves. They eyed Skylar like prey. It was as though they knew they’d be able to have their way with her. 
. 
“Do you know who I am?” Skylar sounded extremely calm. She didn’t seem panicked at all. 
If it had been anyone else, they would’ve been terrified and begged them to stop like horrified little rabbits. 
However, the gorgeous woman before them looked at most 23 years old. With her calm demeanor, she could’ve been asking them about the weather. 
Their lust faded slightly. They looked back at one of the men behind the camera. 
He had a hat and a mask on. He asked, “You’ve played with all kinds of women. Destroy her. Would she tell others about what happened? We’ve got footage of it. She wouldn’t have the guts to talk about it. Don’t worry.” 
He was right. 
Skylar felt extremely nervous. However, she tried to remain calm. She tested the waters by saying, “I can guess who asked you guys to abduct me. The people around me probably know as well.” 
“This woman is acting weirdly. Isn’t she being a little too calm?” One of the men looked Skylar over. She scared them. They’d never run into such a situation. 
They were filled with lust but devoid of courage. 
Skylar sighed silently before continuing, “The man who made you lot kidnap me didn’t tell you my husband is Joe Martin, did he?” 
The mention of his name surprised the masked man behind the camera. 
Joe Martin?” 
The gigantic warehouse was shrouded in silence. 
He couldn’t help himself. He made a call and asked, “Why didn’t you tell me Skylar’s 
husband is Joe? Didn’t you say she was the daughter of a fallen wealthy family?” 
He’d also investigated her and found that she belonged to the Williams family, whose reputation was currently in tatters. 
Making a move on a woman like her shouldn’t have repercussions. However, if she was Joe’s woman, they might as well be asking to die. 
The men stared intently at him. 
even 
His mood soured further in response to what was said. He roared, “How could you possibly say that it makes no difference? You’re trying to get us killed!” 
Skylar looked down and picked out useful information from the man’s words. Someone had asked them to kidnap her. Who was behind it? 
She’d observed the surroundings. They were in an abandoned warehouse. The gigantic bed she was on was the only thing in the room. 
There were also many glaring lights and cameras. 
This was a planned abduction coming straight for her. For someone to find these people to humiliate her meant that this wasn’t just a simple kidnapping case. 
Who loathed her this much? Had her presence been a disturbance to someone? Skylar’s thoughts raced. 
###chapter687
“If Joe realizes that we were behind this, would we still be able to leave Jipsburg?” asked the masked man. 
The person on the line must’ve consoled him. He calmed down. However, cruelty flashed across his eyes. After ending the call, he said, “At this point, there’s no turning back. At the very least, we need to film a video to blackmail her so she doesn’t talk about it. Hurry up, you lot. Give her the medicine.” 
“Will this work? Won’t he seek us out? Are we in a hidden location?” One of them was incredibly cowardly. 
If it had been anyone else, they wouldn’t have worried. However, if it was Joe, they needed to give this a second thought. 
If they were not careful, their lives might be destroyed. They wouldn’t sacrifice the rest of their lives for a woman like that. 
The masked man glared at Skylar, saying, “Even if he finds us here, we won’t have time to regret it. Don’t forget that all of you have received money in your account for this. Time is running out. They’re asking for the video as soon as possible.” 
He pulled a box of pills out of the bag. Then, he threw them to the men before. instructing, “Give it to her.” 
All of them were wearing masks. Skylar couldn’t see a change in their facial expression. 
She paled when they poured the pills out. 
After Molly hung up, she knocked on the door to the study. 
Edwin had been busy with work. He replied, “Come in.” 
“I’ve made the necessary arrangements. They’ll send me the video soon. Skylar will be leaving even if she doesn’t want to, Molly said immediately. 
A smile graced Edwin’s face. He said, “You’ve always been a capable woman. Remind them to be careful. Don’t leave any hints behind. 
“Don’t worry. They’ve hidden themselves well. They won’t leave any evidence behind. They’ve done this multiple times. However, Skylar will be suffering as a result.” 
Although Molly indicated her worry over Skylar’s suffering, her expression was 
nonchalant. 
She’d seen too many girls like Skylar suffer unimaginable levels of horror. They couldn’t struggle; instead, their lives were dictated by powerful people like Molly. 
It would be unfair to say that Molly had never given Skylar a chance. Instead, she had been too young and too greedy. 
Edwin narrowed his eyes and replied, “She deserves it. With her background, she’ll bring trouble to Joe. When she remarried Joe, she should’ve known that she‘ wouldn’t be able to bear the consequences of her actions.” 
As they spoke, someone called Edwin. It was Aiken. He furrowed his brows. Molly seldom asked about Edwin’s affairs. She knew her place. 
However, when she saw Edwin’s expression, she asked naturally, “Were they scam calls?” 
“It was Aiken,” Edwin said. 
Molly was surprised. She asked, “Why would he call you?” 
Edwin was confused as well. He replied, “Perhaps he has regretted his decision. He wants to take up my case.” 
“That’s a possibility. However, he’s too late. If he’d called earlier, I would’ve made him do it instead. We would have less to worry about,” Molly said. 
Fate worked in mysterious ways. 
Aiken explained why he was calling. He said, “Mr. Martin, I would like to confirm whether Skylar’s abduction had anything to do with you.” 
Edwin’s expression changed. “Why do you ask?” 
“Skylar saved me. Now that something has happened to her, I have to find her no matter what. Whoever dares hurt her will become my nemesis. If it has nothing to do with you, I’ll take another approach to this,” Aiken said. He sounded rather cruel. 
###chapter688
Although Aiken was young, he posed a formidable threat. 
Edwin felt a migraine coming on from Aiken’s statement. He hissed through gritted teeth, “It has nothing to do with me.” 
After ending the call, Edwin slammed his phone on the table. 
Molly was stunned. She asked, “Darling, what’s going on?” 
“Has Skylar fed Aiken a love potion? She managed to get him to help her! He asked me whether Skylar’s disappearance had anything to do with me. If not, he would take another approach. 
“What do you think he means by this? Is he threatening me? Or is he trying to test my. involvement in this? He’s just a kid who took over the Parkinson family a few months 
ago. How dare he threaten me!” 
ago. 
Edwin was furious. 
Molly’s expression changed. She asked, “How did he find out about this so quickly?” 
She believed that Aiken wouldn’t have called if he had not had some evidence 
pointing toward Edwin. Aiken was usually a careful man. 
“Joe must’ve contacted him. Does he know what he’s doing? She’s just a plain woman. Does he need to cause such a commotion?” Edwin complained. 
Molly voiced her concerns, “Should we ask them to stop?” 
“Why would you do that? Do not stop them! Just wait. They aren’t capable enough to find Skylar. Even if they managed to find her, they wouldn’t be able to reverse what had happened. It’s time for Joe to find out the consequences of disobeying me,” said Edwin. 
Molly was speechless. 
Aiken spit his cigarette out and extinguished it by stepping on it. 
Smoke floated around him. He’d partaken in illegal activities. The air around him seemed to thicken with darkness. He ordered, “Look into Molly Frost.” – 
Simona had learned about Skylar’s disappearance from Caleb. Multiple people knew that Skylar had been kidnapped and was now missing. Her friends had begun mobilizing their family resources and using their connections to find her. 
Simona panicked. She ran to Aiken and begged, “You have to find Skylar no matter what! If not for Skylar, I would’ve been done for. We owe her. I can’t watch something happen to her! Aiken, promise me you won’t let anything happen to her. You have to find her as soon as possible. If I find out who kidnapped her, I’ll make their life a living 
hell. 
Aiken looked at his panicked sister. He stated coldly, “Don’t worry. I will do everything I can to find her.” 
Of course, even if he did not participate in the rescue, Joe would find her using various methods. He even told others about their relationship to find her. Clearly, Joe adored her. 
Jenny’s fever recurred daily. Her fever reached an alarming temperature at night. 
Three or four days had passed. Yet, she showed no signs of recovery. Jenny was a little scared. 
After taking her temperature, she called Howard. He must’ve been busy as he didn’t pick up. Then, she called Joe. He didn’t answer either. Jenny had no choice but to call Paul, and he took her call. 
“I took my temperature just now. I’ve still got a fever. I think there’s something wrong with me. Cold you ask Joe to come over?” 
Paul replied coldly, “Mr. Martin is busy. You should call the emergency services.” 
He hung up immediately after. 
Although Joe hadn’t come in the past few days, Paul and Howard would pick up immediately when she called. They would then help her get things done. 
They’d never brushed her off and asked her to call emergency services. 
On the phone, she heard someone say they had news of Mrs. Martin. 
Mrs. Martin? 
Were they referring to Skylar? 
###chapter689
Had something happened to Skylar? 
Jenny thought of how Skylar had yet to reply to her message and how Joe wasn’t picking up. Paul even asked her to call emergency services. Considering all those factors, something had probably happened to Skylar. 
“Had I heard it wrongly?” 
When one had a fever, one’s hearing would decline. Jenny thought she might have been mistaken. 
However, if something had happened to Skylar…. 
Jenny’s heart began racing. She said, “If… If something happened to Skylar… Perhaps she wouldn’t be saved if it was a serious accident.” 
Jenny bit her lip. Her heart rate quickened even further. She had to confirm whether something had happened to Skylar. 
She called Howard multiple times. However, he didn’t pick up. 
Jenny could confirm that something had happened to Skylar. 
Half an hour later, the tightly locked door for the warehouse was sawed open. 
A few men ran in. When they saw the cameras and lights, their expression changed. 
Skylar heard them come in. Her eyes were unfocused as she turned to look at them. Although her vision was blurry, she identified one of the men. 
“Joe, you’ve finally come, sighed Skylar weakly. 
Joe was horrified by the blood streaking down Skylar’s face. He looked at the men surrounding her. They were hurt as well. 
All of them wore nothing more than underwear. Their wounds looked terrifying. 
Aiken was dumbfounded. He stared at Skylar incredulously. She… 
Blood coated her head and her face. Her clothes had also been tugged out of shape. Immediately after speaking, she fainted. 
She wasn’t holding a knife. It was only a rusted metal piece. 
When it fell out of her hand, it revealed the wound across her palm. Her entire palm 
22 
was bloody. While using it to fight back, shed managed to harm them. However, she also hurt herself in the process. 
“All of you have a death wish!” Joe roared at the stunned men. 
The men were extremely enraged by her. They wanted to murder her. They weren’t expecting her to be powerful enough to wound them. 
The thing they dreaded the most had come true. Joe had found them! 
Aiken stared at Skylar with a conflicted expression on his face. For a weak woman in such a situation, it was shocking that she could fight back. 
Joe took his coat off and covered Skylar with it. He gathered the limp woman in his arms and told Aiken, “Teach them a lesson. Find out who paid them off.” 
Aiken nodded when he met Joe’s eyes. 
###chapter690
After Joe took Skylar away, Aiken leisurely turned toward the men, who were being restrained. “Do you know who I am?” 
The men were dumbfounded. How could they have known? They wouldn’t need to make money like that if they knew who people were at first glance. 
“In that case, do you know who Skylar is?” Alken looked like a patient man as he asked another question. 
The men had been restrained. They lay flat on the floor and needed to strain their necks to look up at him. Now, they were utterly confused by his questions. 
Who was this man? Why was he asking these questions? 
The masked man hissed through gritted teeth, “I didn’t know who Skylar was. Now I know that she’s Joe’s wife. 
Aiken chuckled and replied, “You’re right, but not really. Not only is she Joe’s wife but she’s also someone that the Parkinson family has vowed to protect. My name is Aiken Parkinson, and she’s a friend of mine. Do you understand?” 
The masked men’s eyes widened. 
Aiken? Aiken Parkinson? 
What kind of monster had they accidentally fucked with? 
“You know what I want to hear. Come over and say it one by one.” 
He pointed to the side and said, “Turn on the cameras and point it at them.” 
On the way to the hospital, Howard tended to Skylar’s wounds. 
When he saw the gaping wounds on her fair skin, Howard frowned. The one on her head was especially horrible. Her hair was matted on the wound and stuck to her head. 
She’d bled horribly and was covered in wounds. It was a testament to how much she’d struggled to save herself. 
Paul’s eyes welled up with tears. He looked out the window and instructed the driver to drive faster. 
Even Paul and Howard felt horrible about it. They couldn’t imagine how Joe was 
feeling. He hadn’t said a word since getting into the car. His gaze was utterly cold as he stared at Skylar’s wounds. 
Howard tended to Skylar’s wounds. When he looked up, he noticed Joe’s wretched mood. He said, “Thankfully, they were only skin–deep wounds. They didn’t cause harm to any important organs. She fainted because of the drugs she’d been injected with. Her struggle against them had contributed to it as well.” 
If those men had raped Skylar before they arrived, the consequences would have been disastrous. 
Joe’s expression was grim. He merely uttered, “Alright.” 
When they got to the hospital, Joe received a list of Skylar’s examination reports. He was livid. 
“Have there been any updates from Aiken?” Joe asked Paul. 
Paul hesitated on whether to tell him about it. 
Joe narrowed his eyes and asked, “Does it have anything to do with Edwin?” 
Paul nodded and said, “Aiken can confirm that Molly was the one who’d contacted 
them. 
Joe clenched his jaw. He glanced at Skylar, who was unconscious. He said, “Watch over her here.” 
Aiken dealt with the men and sent them out of Jipsburg immediately. 
Joe saw no need to enquire after them. People who suffered in Aiken’s hands would keep their mouths sealed. Dead men had looser lips than them. 
He sent a bunch of evidence to Joe.. 
When the emails got through, he walked home. 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter691
Simona sprinted toward Aiken upon seeing him and promptly asked him what happened to Skylar. He reassured, “Don’t worry. We’ve found her. Skylar is fine. When she’s able to get out of bed, you can visit her at the hospital.” 
“That’s great! I knew that you’d succeed! I feel so relieved. I’ll tell Caleb the good news. He said that Mr. Gardner Senior had been extremely worried.” 
Molly checked the time. Why hadn’t she received the video? Had they been too engrossed in their pleasure? 
“Have you gotten the video?” Edwin asked. Molly was frowning deeply when he came downstairs. 
Molly shook her head and replied, “They haven’t sent it to me. I’ll call them to ask.” 
Men were all animals ruled by their dicks. Logical thinking wasn’t something they possessed. 
For some reason, Molly felt extremely nervous after Aiken’s phone call. She felt like something was about to happen. 
Perhaps because of how in sync they were, Edwin felt the same way. 
Molly immediately made a call. However, no one picked up. She tried once more but was met with similar results. 
Edwin asked, “What’s going on?” 
Composure. She answered, “They’re not picking up. I’m not sure how 
Molly lost her things have developed.” 
Even if they were immersed in the high of fucking Skylar, they wouldn’t have ignored her calls. They weren’t that unreliable. 
“Are they not picking up?” Edwin asked. He frowned. 
The two of them had gone through many challenges together and seen the horrors. of the world. He had a bad feeling about this 
As Molly prepared to call again, one of their helpers told them that Joe had shown up. 
They exchanged glances. 
Joe must’ve found out about something if he was visiting them at this hour. 
“Hmph. He’s here to question me about whether I know what happened to Skylar, isn’t he? His actions are getting increasingly despicable the older he is,” Edwin sighed. 
Molly was less optimistic. She said, “Darling, let’s not meet him now. We can talk to him tomorrow after this has passed.” 
Edwin knew that Molly was feeling guilty and worried. He said, “Don’t overthink things. I’m his father. He has to obey me out of respect. Even if he holds half of the Martins‘ power in his hands, he still can’t do anything to us. 
In the Martin family, Joe occupied a much higher position than Edwin. Wouldn’t he be a joke if that was true? 
Molly disagreed. She thought Joe wasn’t here to ask about Skylar’s whereabouts; he was here for a much more complicated affair. However, this was nothing more than 
a guess. 
Joe would never be able to find Skylar this quickly, even if he had informants all around the city. 
Even if Molly and Edwin hadn’t been in Jipsburg for a few years, Joe wouldn’t have become so powerful in such a short amount of time. 
As Molly was lost in thought, the helper brought Joe in. 
Joe walked in, the cold still clinging to his clothes. 
Edwin said, “It’s been a long time since we returned home. Did you only think of visiting us today?” 
Edwin would’ve been better off without a son at this point. 
Joe glared at Edwn and ignored his mocking remarks. He asked, “Did you ask her to do it?” 
He glanced up at Molly as he spoke. Molly tensed. 
have 
you come here to make all these absurd comments? “What do you mean? Why I Do you even see me as your father?” Edwin shot back. 
###chapter692
Edwin had retorted fiercely. However, his heart skipped a beat. How could Joe point out the truth just like that? 
Joe had hoped that Edwin could be a good man and a good father. He’d expected too much from him. A leopard could never change its spots. 
The answer was immediately revealed to Joe. He stated, “You were clearly the one behind this.” 
Edwin’s expression changed. He was surprised by how sure Joe seemed to be. He said, “What nonsense are you spewing? Why have you come here to make ridiculous accusations in the middle of the night? If you’ve got nothing else to say, please leave. 
“I’m going to bed now,” Molly managed. She didn’t want to see Joe. 
By Joe’s phrasing, he’d probably guessed that they had asked the men to kidnap Skylar. 
They couldn’t contact the men. Molly was nervous. 
“Do you really think you’ll be getting a wink of sleep? You designed a plot to kidnap my wife,” Joe said coldly. It pierced Molly’s heart like an ice pick. 
Edwin stood up immediately and roared, “What are you talking about?” 
Molly paled. Joe didn’t sound like he was here to question them about it. It seemed like he’d gotten hold of evidence to prove their wrongdoings. He was here to exact. his revenge. 
Evidence… 
She hadn’t been able to contact the men. Had something happened? 
Joe was no longer the boy who knew nothing more than to rebel against his father. A few sentences and glares would instill fear in others. 
Joe glanced at Molly. The rest of the color in her face drained. 
However, Molly dared not make any comments. She was terrified that she would reveal too much if she continued speaking. 
They could not discuss this openly. 
Her back was covered in sweat. However, she soon calmed down. When she reflected on it, they had been rather hasty. 
Joe wouldn’t have found out about them if they’d waited until the storm had blown over. They’d underestimated Skylar’s importance to Joe and Skylar herself. 
She was nothing more than a country girl. How did she know Aiken? 
Joe lit a cigarette and raised his demands, “I’ll give you two choices. Number one, I’ll ask a few men to come over. We’ll set up a dozen cameras. Molly will put up a passionate show for us. 
“Your second choice would be for the two of you to bear the consequences of your actions together. You’ll fess up to your crimes at the police station, and the two of you will make headlines for one week straight.” 
Molly and Edwin asked simultaneously, “What did you say?” 
Disgust flashed across Joe’s eyes. He stared at Edwin and said, “You could join in on the action too if you wanted to. I’ll get the chance to see how you betrayed my mom. Edwin’s embarrassment morphed into rage. He shook as he said, “You’re crazy. Open your eyes and look at me, Joe. I’m your father. Why have throw a 
you come here. fit? Are you antagonizing me because of a country girl? Have you lost your mind? 
Molly stumbled. 
She stared at Joe in horror. 
###chapter693
Molly could tell that Joe wasn’t joking. It was a threat. Her helpers had texted her, saying he had come with a team, and those people carried filming equipment with 
them. 
Just now, Molly hadn’t realized what Joe intended to do. Hearing Joe’s demands, her legs turned to jelly. He wanted her to go through what Skylar had! 
It looked like Joe knew everything. Perhaps he’d even saved Skylar. 
Another possibility was that the men had raped Skylar. It explained why Joe disregarded all common sense and showed up to make a commotion. He was going to make them pay. 
Molly quickly understood. Naturally, Edwin figured it out, too, but his expression was 
somber. 
Joe turned and walked out. As he strode off, he made a call and instructed, “Pass the evidence to the police. I’ll be holding a press conference later.” 
Edwin asked loudly, “What are you trying to do? You’re out of your mind! Why would you want a woman who has been wrecked in my hands? You’d even antagonize me because of her?” 
He’d given birth to a perfect son! Joe was threatening him for the sake of a woman and forcing him to make a decision! 
Unbelievable! 
It was as though Joe hadn’t heard Edwin’s furious interrogation. He added, “Do it 
now. 
Molly lost her composure. The elegance that she usually maintained flew out of the window. She screamed with a twisted expression, “No! He mustn’t do that! Darling, stop him. If not, we’re done for.” 
-After tonight, they would become the laughingstock of the city and would not be 
able to remain in Jipsburg. 
She’d worked hard for years to get to where she was. She wouldn’t allow herself to be destroyed by this! She’d considered the possibility that Joe might’ve known everything. However, she’d thought that Joe would merely be a little angry and his relationship with Edwin would be compromised. 
Molly wasn’t expecting Joe to take such extreme measures. What a madman! 
217 
Edwin roared after Joe, “Stand there!” 
As though someone had pointed a gun at him, Edwin muttered, “Let’s talk.” 
Joe took a drag of his cigarette. Then, he exhaled a puff of smoke. He wasn’t affording them the privilege of negotiation. He asked, “Will you be picking the first or the second choice?” 
“You’re a lunatic! We won’t be choosing either one! Is Skylar worth all this? Your 
relationship with Edwin has improved. How would this have happened if you hadn’t insisted on being together with Skylar and refused a divorce? 
“This had nothing to do with me. Your disrespect for your father was what brought this upon you. Why are you making me pay for it? Are you still trying to avenge your mother? She was the one who couldn’t get over it. It had nothing to do with me!” 
Molly lost all semblance of logic. She questioned Joe harshly. 
Edwin had asked her to be his sugar baby and helped her advance her career in the entertainment industry. 
Back then, the papers had described their debauchery. They were partly true. However, it wouldn’t have been enough to make Joe’s mom commit suicide. 
Wasn’t her mental capabilities too weak for a rich wife? How many wealthy men remained loyal to one woman? Other than her, Jeremy had been surrounded by a bunch of other women. Some of them showed her video evidence of his betrayal to force her into leaving him. She could pretend like nothing had happened. Why couldn’t his mom do that as well? 
Thus, Molly had done nothing wrong. Years had elapsed since the incident. She’d never thought that she’d done something wrong. 
Edwin added, “Your mom made the decision to commit suicide. I’ve never thought of driving her to her demise. I wanted to divorce her because she’d been too stubborn. She’d embarrassed me before a crowd. You’ve grown up now. Haven’t you considered that her death had nothing to do with me?” 
###chapter694
Edwin and Molly believed that they’d done nothing wrong. Everyone else was a sinner except for them. They maintained the same beliefs in this situation. 
Skylar didn’t know what was good for her. This wouldn’t have happened if she’d backed down from the challenge and left after accepting the check. She’d brought herself into this. Skylar couldn’t blame anyone else for this. 
The more Edwin thought about it, the more resolute he was in his beliefs. 
Joe’s threat to Molly was a senseless act of rebellion. It made no sense. He roared at 
him to stop. 
Edwin immediately glared at Joe. He’d thought that he meant a lot to Joe. No one could hold a flame to it. Even if Joe hated him, he wouldn’t have gone against 
Edwin’s wishes. 
Joe was about to cross the threshold when Edwin yelled, “Stop there!” 
Molly’s heart pounded. It nearly leaped out of her chest. She wouldn’t let Joe destroy them. 
“It looks like you’ve made a decision,” said Joe. He glanced at his watch before continuing, “I’ll give you one more minute. There’s no need to spew any more 
nonsense. I just want to hear your answer.” 
Edwin was livid. He felt as though he was about to throw up. Molly nearly swore at 
him. 
Thankfully, they managed to keep their composure. 
“What evidence do you have? Did someone tell you something-” 
Before Edwin could finish, Joe walked out. 
Edwin felt suffocated by his anger. He screwed his face up. Then, he sighed before saying, “I won’t choose either. I can give my blessings to you and Skylar. I won’t interfere in your affairs. I could even put in a good word for her if our other family members ask about her. You know how much of a nuisance they can be.” 
The two choices he offered were but a joke! 
Molly sighed. For a second, she thought Edwin would agree to the first option to placate Joe. 
However, Joe chuckled. He looked back at Molly and said, “I’ve changed my mind. 
You only have one option. 
Molly was horrified. She exclaimed, “You’re mad!” 
In the hospital, Skylar felt disoriented. It was as though she had one foot in reality and the other one in her dreams. When she opened her eyes and looked around the hospital room, everything felt surreal. 
She was in the hospital. Why wasn’t she still stuck in the warehouse? 
Had she lost too much blood? Was this a hallucination? 
She thought she’d seen Joe somewhere. When she was about to lose consciousness, Joe appeared before her. 
Skylar was unsure of whether she was dreaming or not. As she was lost in thought, Paul’s face came into view. 
Glee took over Paul’s expression. He exclaimed, “Mrs. Martin is up!” 
“Has she woken up? Let me take a look,” Howard said. He’d been dozing off on the couch. When he heard Paul’s exclamation, he stood up and strode toward the bed. 
Skylar heard their familiar voices. She looked at Paul and asked slowly, “Did you guys 
save me?” 
Everything hadn’t been a dream. It had happened. 
“Yes. Mr. Martin saved you. We’ve apprehended the men. Your wounds have been tended to. Thankfully, we’d showed up in time,” Paul replied immediately. 
Showed up in time… 
###chapter695
This meant that Skylar hadn’t been raped. Thank God. 
Skylar nodded lightly and looked around. Paul and Howard were the only ones in the room. Skylar asked, ‘Where’s Joe?” 
“He went to handle a few things. Just now, he texted me saying that he’ll be arriving at the hospital soon,” Paul explained. He Un’t spell out where Joe had gone. Cowardly people would be terrified by what Joe had personally done. 
Paul could make a few guesses as to what had gone down. After all, he had all the evidence of Edwin’s wrongdoings. 
Skylar did not delve into the topic. She asked, “Does Mrs. Martin Senior know that I was kidnapped?” 
“Yes,” Paul answered while nodding. Gloria wasn’t the only one who’d found out. Alexander and George also heard the news. They’d put in work behind the scenes to find her. If not, she wouldn’t have been found this quickly. 
However, tonight had been an extremely close call. If they’d gotten here half an hour later, Skylar would’ve been raped. 
Skylar hurriedly said, “Help me tell Mrs. Martin Senior about my situation. Ask her not to worry. I’m perfectly fine.” 
“Alright, I’ll tell her about it right now.” 
Paul made the call right in front of her. She felt relieved. 
A few minutes later, Paul headed to the doctor’s office. As he led the doctor back into Skylar’s room, a figure appeared before them. 
Jenny stared at Paul and Drake Stone, Skylar’s main physician. She’d 
overheard their conversation. 
They were discussing Skylar’s condition. Skylar had woken up. Drake consoled Paul and asked him not to worry. He also said that Skylar’s wounds had been tended to, so there wouldn’t be any problems. 
Indeed, she’d guessed correctly. 
Something had happened to Skylar. While she was sick with a fever and in 
need of some company, everyone had come to see Skylar. 
Why wasn’t Skylar dead? Why weren’t her wounds fatal? What had happened to Skylar? 
It had been enough for Joe to ignore her till now. He hadn’t even replied to her texts. 
The most important thing was Paul’s attitude. He coldly brushed her off and asked her to call emergency services. Yet he’d gone to the hospital to accompany Skylar himself, and he was panicki 
over Skylar’s situation. 
All of them were behaving like that. What was she to them? The scum of the earth? 
Jenny couldn’t help but trail behind Paul and Drake. She wanted to see Skylar for herself. 
Not before long, she caught sight of Joe. 
He strode over swiftly and entered the room before Paul could. It was as though he had tunnel vision. 
Jenny was right behind Paul and Drake. He would’ve seen her if only he looked away from Skylar’s room. She was entirely ignored. 
She stood outside the room and listened to their conversation. 
Joe said gently, “Don’t worry. Everyone who hurt you will pay for it as long as I’m here.” 
“Yeah, I believe you,” Skylar replied weakly. 
Jenny could tell that Skylar was badly hurt. She bit her lip. Jealousy coursed through her veins. Even though she’d grown up with Joe, he’d never treated her with such care. 
###chapter696
Jenny had heard rumors that Skylar knew some metaphysics. Rowan had even asked her to help him. She could determine the negative energy surrounding 
an item. 
It sounded like a cool skill, but wasn’t Skylar just using it as a boast so Joe 
would like her more? 
Jenny’s jealousy of Skylar hit a new high, 
Paul, Howard, and Drake left the room. Th 
they weren’t interested in third–wheeling. 
left the young couple alone as 
When Paul walked out, he immediately saw Jenny. He asked, “Why are you here?” 
“I called emergency services. They put me on an IV drip. I’ve just finished it, so I came out for a walk. Why are you in the hospital?” Jenny retorted. It was also a complaint about his heartlessness. 
He’d asked her to call emergency services on the phone. How could he be shameless enough to ask her why she was in the hospital? 
Was Skylar the only person allowed to come? Why couldn’t Jenny make a trip to the hospital as well? 
She was much more familiar with the doctors here than Skylar, alright? 
When they heard that she’d come to the hospital, they went to see her and arranged all her checkups. Yet Paul and Joe had been keeping Skylar company all this time. 
Jenny felt the impulse to barge in and see for herself how badly injured Skylar 
was. 
Paul was stunned by her questioning. He glanced back at Skylar’s room before saying, “Nothing much. I just needed to handle a few things here. Have you gone through the admissions process? Do you need my help with it?” 
“That won’t be necessary. I’ve gotten everything done,” answered Jenny. She wasn’t going to obsess over it. 
Since Paul was keeping Skylar’s hospitalization a secret, this meant that she wat severely hurt 
Even if she was injured, why would Paul keep it from her? Jenny had a feeling that Skylar’s injury wasn’t a regular one. If not, it wouldn’t have been kept under 
wraps 
Jealousy became the last thing on Jenny’s mind. She was preoccupied with pondering about why Skylar had been hospitalized for serious injuries. 
Joe’s protectiveness over Skylar was on another level. She couldn’t understand it. 
“I’ll head back to my room now. If you see Jo ‘ease let him know that I’d like to see him,” Jenny said as she left. 
Paul noticed that Jenny hadn’t prodded him on why he’d walked out of a hospital room. He realized that something was off. 
This was a deviation from her recent behavior. Jenny was right in front of Skylar’s hospital room. She’d seen Paul and Howard there. However, she did not ask about who was inside. 
This meant that Jenny knew who was inside. 
Howard said softly, “In the years since we’ve seen Jenny, she has undergone a profound change.” 
Paul agreed, “You’re right. She has changed.” 
“I don’t know whether it’s a good thing or a bad thing,” Howard added with a raised eyebrow. 
If Joe hadn’t known Skylar, Jenny’s feelings might have a chance to be reciprocated. However, anyone with eyes could tell that Skylar was extremely important to Joe. 
If Skylar had gotten raped, there would be disastrous consequences. 
“Did they use the dozens of cameras that were brought there?” Howard asked. 
chill traveled down his spine. 
One could cross anyone in Jipsburg except for Joe. 
He would deal with his problems. The people causing those problems would 
E 
never dare to make another commotion. The Silvers were an example of this. Molly would be the second. 
However, Molly deserved it. 
Paul clenched his jaw. He asked, “Did you think that Mr. Martin would bring all those men and equipment if he only meant to scare them without doing any real damage?” 
The corner of Howard’s lips twitched. He replied, “I wish I hadn’t asked.” 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>> 
###chapter697
“The truth is right there. Why would you ask?” Paul complained. 
Howard rolled his eyes and retorted, “You can shut up now.” 
“I’ll take my leave now. I need to deal with a few things,” Paul said. He glanced at his phone. He’d received a few messages in the hospital room just now. He hadn’t had time to look at them. 
“Alright.” 
Jenny found one of the doctors she knew well to inquire about Skylar’s situation. She did not pose the question outright; instead, she tried to trick him into providing information. 
After a few minutes of conversation and her guesses, Jenny understood what was going on. 
Skylar had gotten injured. She wasn’t sure whether it was caused by an accident. Skylar had been injected with a drug that caused her to fall 
unconscious. 
So, who had given her the injection? What kind of drug had she been injected 
with? 
Jenny mulled over it. She felt she would have a chance to return to Joe’s side if she got to the bottom of this. 
Suddenly, she thought of Edwin and how he’d returned to Jipsburg. 
She’d met him once. Perhaps she needed to take the leap. 
The gigantic mansion was a total mess. The ashtray was overflowing with cigarettes. There were empty bottles of alcohol lying around. 
A range of smells mixed together to create an unpleasant odor. 
The helpers who usually worked there were gone. They’d left work early three hours ago. 
in a fratrem apezire. Meilly day in a bathtubs and scrubbed at her skin. It was 2 thrilling much wan 
skin 
When she new what was happening, she felt like a hand had closed around her 
that 
Edwin lacked up at her. Their eyes met 
In the past they’d respected and supported each other. No matter what happened outside, they always acted intimately at home. 
However, it seemed like the mask over their face ad shattered. 
They couldn’t forget what had happened an hour ago. Molly had never hated anyone as much at that moment. It was pure, unadulterated loathing. 
“Darling, haven’t I always been a victim?” Molly asked. Tears cascaded down her cheeks. She was deserving of the accolades she’d gotten for her acting. It was flawless. 
However, she hated how fake Edwin was. He could give in to Joe at the last moment and sacrifice her. 
“You hate me? If you had gotten better men for the job, Joe wouldn’t have gotten the evidence. You wouldn’t have been in this situation. You looked like you enjoyed it. In the past few years, I don’t think you’ve been feeling much every time I touched you. You should rejoice what had happened!” 
Molly’s jaw dropped. She screamed, “Have you gone mad? I’ve been carrying out your instructions. You approved the men I found. Tonight, you pushed me out to suffer to save yourself. I’ve been the victim! Why would you humiliate me?” 
“I haven’t stopped sleeping with women all these years. Neither have you been in want of a man. I’ve seen more scandalous videos than the one today. Why are you putting on an act of purity?” 
Edwin drunkenly tore off the fa?ade of peace they’d been keeping up. 
###chapter698
Molly’s eyes widened. She felt so attacked by Edwin’s words. She stumbled. 
“Edwin Martin! You knew that they’d all stopped in the end. Basically, nothing had happened. Why are you insulting me like that?” 
Joe had inflicted physical and psychological horror on her. He didn’t leave any evidence behind. They had stopped before anything really happened. All the horrible things had been recorded, but she had no physical evidence to show for it. 
Yet, Edwin mocked her for it. Why did he think he could do that? 
If not for him, she wouldn’t have been humiliate ke that. She was a member of the Martin family. She’d been esteemed as a part of a prestigious family for years, but she suffered a complete demolition of her dignity tonight. 
Edwin took another gulp of wine. He asked, “If it was so humiliating, why did you enjoy it?” 
“Yeah, I enjoyed it. You’ve indulged in too much pleasure. Your body hasn’t been able to keep up. I was forced to enjoy it. Perhaps I should even thank you. Although you’re his father, you’re utterly powerless before him.” 
Moly couldn’t keep her composure. She shrieked at Joe with all her might. 
Although Edwin went wild on a bunch of women, he would return home at the end of the day. However, he wouldn’t touch her. He didn’t have the energy to. 
Molly was a normal woman. She put on a show before others. It was completely justifiable. Both Molly and Edwin considered their personal 
interests before all else. If this was a crime, both of them were criminals. 
Today, Joe was extremely forceful. She couldn’t escape. Edwin had the chance 
to sever ties with Joe to protect Molly. In the end, what Edwin had done was leaked to the public, and she was sacrificed because of that. How ironic! 
This wouldn’t have happened to any other family. 
Edwin couldn’t threaten Joe, nor could he keep him in line. He couldn’t even control his son. What kind of man was he? 
Although Molly said nothing, Edwin knew what she was thinking upon meeting her eyes. 
“Are you looking down on me? Alright. Let’s get divorced tomorrow morning,” Edwin said. His eyes glinted cruelly. 
What a great son he had. He was even more ruthless than Edwin! Their familial bonds meant nothing to him. Although Joe seemed like he’d set Molly straight, he was really teaching Edwin a lesson. 
Edwin had been proved spectacularly wrong. 
“A divorce? Edwin, I’d never divorce you! You I need me for all I was worth. Now, you want to ditch me? In your dreams! I won’t do as you wish! 
“After all these years, I know your vulnerabilities. If your other relatives found out, you would become their embarrassment. Their belief that you’re a useless dipshit will be cemented,” Molly said firmly. Although she was pale and needed to grab a handrail to remain standing, she remained steadfast. 
Edwin was livid. He grabbed a bottle and threw it at Molly. 
He was weak, and the bottle did not hit Molly at all. 
Looking at the shattered glass pieces, Molly chuckled coldly and said, ‘ Perhaps this is what Joe wanted to see. He wanted us to have a go at each other and destroy each others‘ dignity as revenge for his dead mother.” 
They calmed down immediately and stared at each other silently. 
After a while, Edwin said, “We’ll pretend like today never happened. He’s just venting his anger. It won’t do any real damage to us.” 
“Alright, I’ll do as you say, darling,” Molly said. She beamed like how she used to. 
Edwin nodded with a small smile and said, “I’ll make sure Joe pays for this. I’ll avenge you.” 
“Thanks, darling.” 
###chapter699
Suddenly, raindrops pounded on the windows. It matched with the mess in the mansion. However, Molly and Edwin were all smiles, as though they couldn’t see it. 
When Skylar woke up, it was the afternoon of the next day. Joe lay in a bed beside her. He hadn’t changed out of his suit from last night. 
Gloria, Alexander, Caleb, and Simona stood outside, waiting for her to wake up. When they came in, they chorused, “How are you feeling, Skye?” 
“I was so worried, Skylar.” 
She had gotten a good night’s sleep. In addition, she had been hooked up to an IV drip. Her wounds had been tended to properly. She was doing alright. 
“I’m fine. Don’t worry, guys.” 
She’d been a skilled fighter and knew her way around acupuncture points. Joe had shown up in time. If not, she would’ve been raped. 
She was still astounded by her good luck. Ever since she’d been reborn, all those horrible things had happened one after another. 
Caleb looked at her wounded forehead and hands. How could she be alright? 
Those men who’d hurt Skylar must’ve been demons. They were utterly inhumane. 
Tears welled up in Alexander’s and Gloria’s eyes. Who had kidnapped Skylar? What did they want to do with her? 
Although Joe kept it from them, they had guesses of their own. They’d lived to such a ripe old age. They could guess what had happened. Joe didn’t need to describe it. 
Joe had sent many people to look for Skylar, but they found her in an abandoned warehouse, surrounded by a group of men and cameras. 
Aiken had dealt with them. None of them dared to talk about it. 
“I have many creams that will help with the scarring. They work extremely well. It won’t leave any marks behind,” Gloria said as she swallowed back tears, 
If Viola learned what had happened, she would’ve felt 
so horrible. 
Thankfully, Joe got there in time. Gloria dared not imagine what would happen if he hadn’t found her. 
Alexander added, “I have some friends who specialize in such creams. Don’t worry. I’ll make sure you won’t have any scars. Rest well in the hospital. Don’t you worry about a thing.” 
He felt a deep sense of guilt. Skylar’s assistance to hi impacted her, possibly even leading to these dangers. 
iends might have 
“Thanks, Grandma. Thank you, Mr. Gardner Senior,” said Skylar. She was extremely moved by their worries. 
Caleb stood beside her. He glared at Joe from time to time. If not for Joe, Skylar wouldn’t have gotten kidnapped and hurt. 
He couldn’t even protect his own wife. Caleb believed that he had misjudged Joe. Although he looked terrifying, he wasn’t as capable as he seemed. 
Joe sat beside them without saying a word. He kept his distance from the rest of them. 
If he hadn’t looked at Skylar occasionally, his coldness wouldn’t have subsided even a little. 
###chapter700
ecause Skylar was there, the icy air around Joe subsided every time he 
oked at her. 
loria knew Joe well. She didn’t find it surprising. Yet, at the thought of Edwin, he regretted giving birth to him. 
dwin was killing his future in its cradle as he started doing evil things. He had st his mind and dared to do anything. He even hurt Skylar! 
kylar looked at Gloria’s expression. She was worried that Gloria would scover what had happened and cause a health ?blem. Thus, she added, ” n fine. Don’t worry about me. Grandma Viola told me that I was a lucky 
erson.” 
loria nodded. She said, “Okay, okay. I’m relieved to see that you’re alright.” 
hey continued chatting for a while, but they were scared they were disturbing kylar, so they left soon after. 
efore Gloria left, she reminded Joe, “Take care of Skylar.” 
Iright,” Joe replied. It was the first word he’d said that day. However, he fell lent immediately after. 
loria sighed and left. 
kylar noticed that Joe was acting a little off. Once everyone left, she planned 
ask him what was going on. Before she could, Joe looked at her and asked, ” ould you like to know who kidnapped you?” 
kylar’s eyes flashed. She replied, “I’ve figured it out.” 
eah. I’ll handle it. They’ll pay for what they did to you,” Joe promised. 
kylar smiled and stated, “Alright.” 
be felt horrible for her. She was so calm and did not ask any further questions. 
ou didn’t mention this in front of Grandma. Were you scared that you would ut us in a difficult position by doing so?” 
kylar nodded and replied, “I know you guys won’t let something like this 
happen again. You’ll do anything you can to help. If I talk about it, it’ll only cause them grief. There’s no need to do that.” 
Joe felt bad. He stood up and leaned over Skylar. He apologized, “I’m sorry.” 
Skylar said with a smile, “It’s not your fault.” 
After Gloria left the hospital, she got in a car and headed back to Pearlhill Residence. 
After a while, she made a call. Her jaw was clenched as she did so. 
“Mom.” 
Edwin picked up quickly. He was hungover, not to mention he’d thrown a tantrum last night. His voice was extremely hoarse. He knew why she was calling. She and Joe were extremely
troublesome. 
was aware that you’ve become an asshole after growing up. I wasn’t expecting you to be so such an asshole. Skylar is an excellent girl. Joe’s lucky to be with Skylar! 
“Yet, you got someone to kidnap and harm her. Have you gone mad? Joe will never see you as his father, nor will I admit to anyone that you’re my son! Yesterday is the last time anything like that will happen. 
“If you dare to hurt Skylar once more, I’ll publish it in all major news outlets so all of Jipsburg knows what kind of man you are. I’ll cut ties with you!” 
Gloria came clean to him. It was evident that she loathed Edwin and was extremely disappointed in him and Molly. 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 

###chapter701
Edwin remained as insufferable as ever. Pressing his fingers to his forehead, he groaned, “Mom, why do you always deny what I’ve done? Don’t you realize Joe doesn’t see me as his father? Do you even know why he came to me yesterday?” 
Gloria, unwavering, retorted, “It doesn’t matter what he did yesterday. He was right. You’re the one who forced him into it!” Her defense of Joe was absolute. 
Gloria had seen the toll the years had taken on . Skylar had become a vital source of comfort, someone to stand by him through every high and low. Now, that wretched man of a father, Edwin, was attempting to ruin Joe’s life. Joe was completely blameless. 
Edwin’s frustration reached a boiling point. “Mom, aren’t you being a little too biased?” 
“Yes, I’m biased. But let this be clear–none of you will lay a hand on Skye! If you do, Joe won’t let it slide, and even as my son, I won’t show mercy,” Gloria said, ending the call. 
Every conversation with Edwin felt like a test for Gloria. 
No wonder Viola had once told her she’d face painful choices in her later years. Every decision seemed to lead to hurt, no matter the direction. 
Gloria had dismissed these concerns when she was younger. She even assured Viola she wasn’t afraid of making tough choices. But now… 
Edgar watched the weariness settle over Gloria’s face. He sighed and said,‘ Mrs. Martin Senior, please don’t upset yourself. Your health is crucial. From what I see, this situation has only brought Mr. and Mrs. Martin closer. 
“It’s a blessing in disguise. Mr. Edwin will think twice before acting like this again. The most important thing is for you to look after yourself, or else both Mr. and Mrs. Martin will worry.” 
Gloria understood but remained seething “I get it, but…” 
Despite deep breaths, her agitation persisted. 
Chap 701 
Meanwhile, Edwin finally noticed his surroundings after the call. 
The villa was in complete disarray. He had spent the night on the couch and Molly on the opposite one. 
She’d woken up while he took the call and overheard Gloria’s threats. To Molly, Gloria seemed like the most unreasonable, baffling woman she had ever encountered. 
Despite everything, Gloria cared more about Skylar than her own son. 
Molly wondered if she could compare to Skylar as a daughter–in–law. After all these years, she herself still wasn’t acknowledged. She had fought to maintain her dignity in front of the Martin family. 
“Did Glòria give you an earful?” Molly asked, feigning indifference. 
Edwin’s face darkened further, and he tossed his phone aside. “She’s old and senile! Joe’s behavior is all her fault–she’s the one who spoiled him!” 
Molly sighed and got up from the couch. Her face paled as she glanced around at the disarray from the night before. “I’ll call the maid to come clean the villa. Don’t worry too much or get angry. It’s bad for your health.” 
Edwin waved her off. “Handle it. I wasn’t just comforting you last night. We’ll visit Uncle Ernest.” 
Molly’s eyes lit up. 
Natalie had called Skylar twice, but neither call was answered. 
###chapter702
Half an hour later, Natalie tried calling Skylar again. However, there was still no answer. Worried, she went to the Martin Group and found Paul. After checking with Joe, Paul informed her that Skylar was in the hospital. 
Natalie rushed over, her heart pounding. When she reached the hospital, she found Skylar’s ward quickly. 
“Wow, you were in such a serious car accident!” Paul had mentioned it 
was a car crash. 
Skylar, however, downplayed the severity. “It’s nothing serious,” she insisted, her smile strained. 
“Nothing serious?” Natalie was skeptical, given the visible injuries on Skylar’s forehead and hand. 
Skylar had always been cautious and diligently followed traffic rules. It was hard to believe she could have been in such a serious accident. 
“How bad is it?” Natalie asked, worried about scars. Skylar’s face was too precious for even a minor one. 
“It looks worse than it is. With proper care, there won’t be a scar.” 
“You’re too calm about this. I’m more worried than you. Did your phone get damaged too?” Natalie sat down beside her. 
“It broke in the crash. I’ve already ordered a new one. It should be here 
soon.” 
They were alone in the ward, so they chatted easily. 
Natalie’s eyes darted around the room before she casually brought up Joe. “How’s Joe treating you?” 
Despite the accident, Joe’s mind was still on work. He was undeniably a 
workaholic. 
Skylar smiled. “He’s been great.” 
Natalie noticed a shift in Skylar’s expression at the mention of Joe 
A realization dawned on Natale. It was clear to Natalie that Skylar had feelings for Joe, even if others couldn’t see it 
Natalie gave Skylar a teasing glance and asked, “Have you caught feelings for Joe?* 
Though they were married, Skylar had always said their relationship was more like that of a roommate without spmantic feelings. 
Sharing a home as mere cohabitants without any emotional bond, would feel quite empty if they had no romance feelings 
Natalie thought about her own complicated situation with Jeremy, and her teasing smile faded. Forget it. I won’t complicate things for you. Anyway, I was so warned I even went to the Martin Group, and now I’m starving. Did Dr. Stone say what you can eat? Let me order us something” 
Natalie, her mood lifting again, pulled out her phone to browse food delivery options 
“It’s almost noon, and I’m getting hungry too. I can eat most things, but i need to avoid spicy, fired, and strmulating foods like seafood,” Skylar 
replied. 
Due to her injuries, spicy and greasy foods could hinder her healing, so she 
had to be careful with her diet 
Natalie modded. “Alright, I’ll find something for us. Not to brag, but I’m very familiar with these delivery apps and have a bunch of discount coupons * 
“Impressive? Skylar said with a smile 
“Of course” Natalie replied with a 
Half an hour later, the deliveries started arriving at the ward. They had just begun eating when the door suddenly opened 
Joe entered with long strides, holding a lunch from the hotel. His eyes landed on Natalie, and he raised on eyebrow, his tone turning icy You’re 
Natalie nearly choked on her food at his remark. After carefully swallowing, she replied with mild frustration, “I’m planning to stay with Skylar tonight. You’re busy, so it’s only fair that I take care of her.” 
Natalie didn’t miss the look Joe gave her–it was clear he saw her as a third wheel. After all, his first words to her were about why she was still there. 
“No need. I’ll be staying at the hospital tonight,” Joe said flatly. 
###chapter703
Natalie was taken aback. “You actually have the time?”
It seemed her intuition was correct; Skylar and Joe were moving steadily down a romantic path. Skylar’s influence was remarkable—she had managed to get the notoriously aloof Joe Martin to stay the night, hand-deliver her lunch, and make it abundantly clear that he tolerated no intruders during their time together. To claim Skylar felt nothing would be like saying her eyes were merely for show.
“Yes, I have plenty of time,” Joe replied tersely.
His clipped speech revealed a man who viewed words as a superfluous burden. To a stranger, he appeared utterly detached, but Natalie was emotionally resilient and had heard enough about Joe from Jeremy to handle his icy demeanor.
Skylar seized the opening to speak up. “I’m feeling much better now, truly. I don’t need anyone to stay overnight. You two should head home and rest. If I need anything, I’ll just call the nurse.”
Since her injuries weren’t debilitating, she felt capable of managing. As she spoke, her eyes collided with Joe’s for a brief, electric second before she quickly looked away. Joe said nothing, his silence heavy.
Sensing the mounting tension, Natalie decided she had played her part. She set down her cutlery and feigned a notification on her phone. “I just remembered I have something urgent to handle. I’ll be on my way. Enjoy your lunch, you two.”
She grabbed her bag and made a swift exit, pausing only to wink at Skylar before closing the door. It was clear to her: Skylar had captured Joe’s heart in a way no one else ever could.
The atmosphere shifted instantly with only the two of them left in the ward. Joe began setting out the rest of the lunch. “Have you eaten enough?”
“No,” Skylar admitted honestly. She and Natalie had barely started before he arrived.
She recalled Natalie once joking that Joe could ignite or extinguish someone’s appetite in an instant. His presence was undeniably commanding, and his cold aura could easily stifle someone's hunger. Watching Natalie flee without finishing her meal made Skylar stifle a laugh as she remembered those old descriptions.
Joe isn't that intimidating once you actually know him, she thought.
Lost in her reflections, she didn’t realize Joe had moved closer until he was sitting right beside her. Before she could utter a word, Joe’s lips were on hers. His hand rested firmly against the back of her head, leaving her no room to retreat. The kiss was deep, slow, and lingering.
“Ms. Sullivan, it’s time for your bandage chan—”
A nurse pushed the door open, froze at the scene, and turned a bright shade of crimson. She backed out hurriedly, stammering, “I saw nothing! Uh, I’ll be back in half an hour. You two... please, continue!”The nurse was stunned. The tableau in the room looked like a high-budget romance movie; the two of them were more stunning than any movie stars she had ever seen.

###chapter704
Skylar’s face turned beet red. Mortified, she glared at Joe. “Did you really just kiss me without considering where we are?”
Joe’s gaze remained cool, though a trace of lingering desire darkened his voice. “You’re my wife. We can kiss wherever we like; it’s perfectly legal.”
His blunt reasoning left Skylar speechless. While she couldn't argue with the logic, she couldn't help but wonder if he realized how his frequent displays of affection affected her. To her, these kisses felt less like legal rights and more like a man slowly losing his legendary self-control.

As Natalie exited the hospital, her phone rang. It was Kate.
“Nath, please come home for a visit today.”
“What’s wrong, Mom?”
Kate sighed into the receiver. “You and Jeremy have been through so much lately. Your father really wants to see you with his own eyes. He won’t be at ease until he does.”
Natalie knew she couldn't avoid this forever. “Okay. I don’t have anything pressing on my schedule. I’ll head home now.”
Soon, Natalie arrived at the Jakeman residence. She hadn't been back since her major fallout with Jeremy began, having only confided the full extent of her troubles to Kate. Damon, her father, answered the door with a look of startled relief. “You’re actually back?”
“I am, Dad.” Natalie slipped into her familiar house slippers.
Damon had always been indulgent with her, rarely raising his voice even when she was clearly in the wrong. While Kate handled the discipline, Damon provided the quiet support. He hadn't called her much during the recent crisis—not out of a lack of care, but because he was uncertain of how to comfort her without overstepping.
When her heart ached, Damon’s heart ached just the same.
The house was unusually quiet as they sat down. Kate peeked out from the kitchen, a warm smile on her face. “You two go ahead and watch some TV. I just need to finish up a few more dishes for lunch.”
“How has work been lately? Is the pace too tough?” Damon asked, breaking the silence.
“I really enjoy my current job, Dad,” Natalie answered honestly. “It’s rewarding, and I get plenty of time off. How about you? Have you been out fishing recently?”
“Fishing is my only real hobby these days. I meet up with some old friends to chat by the water,” Damon said. His eyes traveled over her face, growing slightly red with unspoken pain. “Your mother mentioned you travel a lot with celebrities now. Just take care of yourself, Nath. You’ve lost quite a bit of weight since the last time I saw you.”

###chapter705
Damon chuckled, shaking his head with a smile. “You…” 
As Kate emerged from the kitchen with the dishes, she saw Damon and Natalie engaged in lively conversation and laughter. 
After placing the dishes on the table, Kate said, “Come on, let’s eat.‘ 
11 
Over the past few years, Kate and Damon had settled into a routine of having only two meals a day. They would skip dinner and only have lunch around 2:00 pm. Fortunately, Natalie hadn’t eaten much at the hospital, so 
the timing worked out well. 
It had been a while since they sat down for a meal together. However, the atmosphere felt different that day. 
Kate cast discreet glances at Damon as they dined, nudging him to bring up the reason for asking Natalie to return. Natalie, feigning obliviousness, was prepared for the inevitable conversation. 
Finally, as they finished, Damon cleared his throat. “Nath, you’re smart. You probably guessed why Mom wanted you home.” 
Natalie nodded, setting down her utensils. “I did.” 
A pang of empathy shot through Kate as she gazed at Natalie. How could she not feel her sorrow? 
“We just want to ensure you’ve thought this through. We’ve known Jeremy since he was a kid. He’s always been a good person, and while his mistake is hard to accept, the truth revealed that it wasn’t his intention. 
“You’re an adult now with your own mind. We respect your choice and will support you if you want to separate from Jeremy, but we know from experience how easy it is to make rash decisions. We just don’t want you to regret it later,” he added solemnly. 
As a father, Damon dreaded having this conversation with his daughter. It felt like he was pushing her to grow up too quickly. Fate had dealt a cruel 
blow to Jeremy’s life, and despite everything, Damon couldn’t ignore Jeremy’s pain either. 
He considered Jeremy almost like a son. He trusted Natalie with Jeremy more than anyone else, believing Jeremy would care for her forever. But now, the once–flawless bond seemed marred by deep wounds. Even if the wounds could heal, the scars would remain, a constant reminder of betrayal. 
“Yes, Nath, your father and I are concerned you might regret this decision later. Jeremy is a good man, and your in–laws have always treated you like their own daughter, never allowing you to feel slighted. If you divorce Jeremy in the heat of the moment, it could damage the bond you share. Even if you reconcile, there might be lasting consequences,” Kate pleaded earnestly. 
Kate had pondered this deeply. She realized Natalie needed time to consider such a major decision. Jeremy’s mistake would be hard for Natalie to accept in the short term, but with time–perhaps a year
or two→ those events might become less significant. 
Natalie looked at them earnestly. “Dad, Mom, I understand your concerns, You’re worried that I might regret this later and that if I divorce Jeremy, he’ll move on with someone else, leaving me with no chance to return, right?” 
“Yes, we are worried about that. Good men are rare these days.” Damon was all too aware of what young men were like now. He genuinely feared Natalie might face mistreatment in the future. 
Kate nodded in agreement. “Your father and I believe the same. No one else compares to Jeremy.” 
Natalie’s face paled, revealing a mix of helplessness and weariness. “I know Jeremy is a good man, but…” 
###chapter706
Natalie couldn’t deny Jeremy’s exceptional qualities. He was undoubtedly a wonderful person. Even now, she couldn’t deny that, aside from the 
incident with Annabelle, he had no other flaws. 
Before that incident, she was wholly devoted to him. They had even discussed planning for a baby and envisioned a future as a family of three. 
But… 
“A broken marriage is hard to mend, Dad, Mom. What’s done is done. Although his actions weren’t intentional infidelity, I still can’t overcome it. I told Mom before that even holding hands would disgust me. I can’t accept it. 
“Maybe I’m too idealistic, but I know for sure we can never go back to how things were. Continuing would only cause mutual torment. The future is long, and my life is just beginning. Dad, Mom, I can’t continue with Jeremy.” 
Natalie spoke with a clear and rational mind without the slightest trace of hesitation. Her attitude was resolute. 
Seeing this, Kate was deeply distressed. “Nath, can’t you reconsider this calmly?” 
She had been thinking a lot these past few days and was truly worried that they would regret this decision later–especially Natalie, who had been pampered since childhood and couldn’t tolerate any betrayal. 
“I’ve given this a lot of thought. It’s not like I haven’t tried to make things work with Jeremy. But we can’t go back to how things were,” Natalie said firmly, shaking her head. 
Unknown to her parents, making this decision was also painful for her. She couldn’t be with Jeremy now because she loved him too much. That was why she couldn’t accept their troubled love. 
Damon sighed deeply. “I understand you. You’ve always been like this. It’s normal for you to find this situation unacceptable. Don’t burden yourself 
with guilt. I’ll talk to Jeremy and help you get a smooth divorce.” 
He had called Natalie back today because Jeremy had sought them out, hoping they could persuade Natalie. 
Seeing Jeremy’s weary state, he felt a pang of sympathy and wanted to help. But now, seeing Natalie’s firm stance, he realized that some wounds couldn’t be healed with time. Matters of the relationship were between the two of them. 
Kate was surprised by Damon’s change of attitude. “You…” 
“Even though Nath can be stubborn, she doesn’t act out when it comes to serious matters. If she’s made up her mind, pushing her further would only cause her more pain,” Damon said with a calm reason. 
Kate was momentarily stunned. Then she looked at Natalie with concern. Nath, are you sure? Jeremy won’t agree to the divorce easily.” 
If Jeremy had been willing to agree to the divorce, he wouldn’t have sought them out and wouldn’t have involved his parents. 
Natalie nodded and said, “I’ve made up my mind. Jeremy won’t agree to the divorce. Mom, Dad, please help me talk to him. Continuing like this is just deceiving ourselves. A divorce is better for both of us. We need to move on with our lives, don’t we?” 
Damon exhaled slowly. “Nath, it’s clear you’ve given this a lot of thought.” 
He felt a pang in his heart. His beloved daughter’s mature outlook showed she had indeed grown up. 
At that moment, the doorbell rang. 
Kate immediately stood up to open the door, not asking who it was. Natalie looked toward the door. 
###chapter707
Natalie had a pretty good idea of who was at the door–Jeremy’s parents, Eleanor and Morton, who had been like family to her for as long as she 
could remember. 
Desperation gripped her as she realized the only way forward was to bring their parents into the situation. After all, they were the ones who cared most about their well–being. 
Jeremy’s parents entered first, followed closely by Jeremy himself. When their eyes met, Natalie’s eyes grew red. Her emotions were a tangled mess -seeking a divorce seemed ruthlessly decisive, yet her heart was breaking with every beat. 
Jeremy’s gaze was steady as he looked at Natalie. He had watched her grow up and knew it was nearly impossible for anyone to change her mind once she had made her decision. Despite this, he could not accept the end 
of their marriage. For him, divorce was simply not an option. 
Seeing Jeremy’s resolve made Natalie’s heart ache even more. They understood each other too well, and this situation was cruelly painful for 
both. 
“Nath, Jeremy made a mistake. Regardless of whether he was set up, he has wronged you. We have disciplined him and ensured that everyone in his company will be thoroughly vetted going forward. 
“Such incidents won’t happen again. You know him better than we do; he’ll never forget his promises to you before marriage. Your parents are holding him to them. He won’t dare to forget,” Eleanor said. 
Eleanor moved closer and enveloped Natalie in a tight hug. To Eleanor, Natalie was like a daughter. The betrayal Natalie felt pained Eleanor deeply, and she shared in the hurt and anger as if it were her own. 
She knew Jeremy wasn’t entirely at fault. His position made him a target, and at times, it was simply beyond his capability to defend against every possible scheme. Unfortunately, this was one of those rare instances 
where he was set up. 
Morton couldn’t fathom the logic behind it. Why Jeremy? Why not someone else? 
Morton, known for his stern demeanor, spoke to Natalie in a softer tone.” We understand how painful this is for you, but Jeremy deeply regrets his actions,” he said kindly. 
He continued, “You’ve been inseparable since childhood, a model couple for many, and this setback is a major challenge, especially soon after your marriage. Nath, I know this is a huge difficulty, but could you find it in your heart to give Jeremy another chance?” 
Eleanor and Morton’s eyes were filled with hopeful anticipation, their demeanor warm and affectionate. Their gentle approach only deepened Natalie’s heartache. 
Kate and Damon were momentarily at a loss for words. 
“No matter how things unfolded, the fault lies with me. Nath, please give us both some more time,” Jeremy pleaded, his voice almost desperate. For someone as proud and successful as Jeremy, this was a humbling plea. 
Eleanor and Morton felt a pang of discomfort seeing him so vulnerable. The situation was incredibly cruel for everyone involved. 
Natalie’s vision blurred as tears welled up in her eyes. 
“The damage has been done,” Damon said, his voice steady. “While forgiveness is a step, it might not be enough. Nath has already extended forgiveness, but I believe some time apart could help them both gain perspective.” 
Kate remained silent, her heart aching as she watched Natalie cry. The thought of their divorce was unbearable. 
###chapter708
Natalie took a deep breath, her hands still tightly clasped. “Mom, Dad, Jeremy, I’m sorry. I’ve made up my mind. We should get a divorce.” 
Eleanor and Morton stared at Natalie, unable to accept her decision. 
Natalie couldn’t bear to meet their eyes. As soon as her words were out, Jeremy’s intense gaze made it even harder for her to face him. 
“I will still see Jeremy and you both as family,” she continued, her voice trembling. “But perhaps it’s fate’s doing. I can’t deceive myself any longer. Our marriage ends here.” 
She finally looked at Jeremy, meeting his sorrow–filled eyes. At a loss for further words, Natalie waited silently for Jeremy’s response. 
With both sets of parents present, the outcome was clear. 
After a long pause, Jeremy finally spoke. “Alright, we’ll get a divorce.” 
The parents exchanged glances, their eyes reddened with emotion. The thought of their children divorcing was unimaginable. They had envisioned a future with grandchildren, never considering the possibility of separation. 
: 
Edwin and Molly had just returned from Avalon Residence after visiting Ernest Martin. Ernest was Gloria’s husband, Jasper Martin’s brother, and 
Edwin’s uncle. 
Edwin held an ancient scroll of painting, its age evident even in its rolled–up state, exuding a rich sense of antiquity 
The scroll had an almost irresistible allure, drawing one’s gaze subtly. 
Jenny took a while to refocus after being captivated by the scroll. 
“You’re the daughter of the maid Joe raised?” Molly asked, recognizing Jenny. 
Edwin, though forgetting her appearance, remembered her existence. He 
studied her pure and lovely face. 
“Yes, Mr. Martin, Mrs. Martin, I’m Jenny Scott,” Jenny responded respectfully. 
Molly’s gaze sharpened. “Have you been waiting long?” 
“Not at all. I’ve only just arrived a few minutes ago.” 
Edwin glanced at Molly, who understood immediately. “You must have come to see us about something. Does Joe know you’re here?” 
Jenny looked a bit nervous. “Joe doesn’t know. I didn’t tell him. Actually, he’s too busy to answer my calls right now. His focus is entirely on Skylar. Oh… I misspoke. Joe is very busy right now.” 
They might not yet know about Joe and Skylar’s marriage. If they did, they probably would disagree. After all, Skylar came from a humble 
background and lacked notable standing. 
Molly and Edwin saw through Jenny’s intentions, with Molly immediately recognizing the manipulative tactics Jenny was using. 
“Let’s have some lemon tea first,” Molly said gently. 
Skylar was discharged from the hospital three days later. Her wounds were healing well, but the doctor recommended a regimen of expensive scar creams to minimize their appearance. 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>> 
X 
###chapter709
Over the past few days, Skylar had received multiple scar creams from Gloria and others. To maximize their effectiveness, they even arranged consultations with cosmetic surgeons abroad. In reality, the scars were unlikely to be 
permanent with proper care. 
After Joe dropped her off at Galaxy Villa, he hurried to Martin Group. 
After a swift unpacking, Skylar dialed Janine. Their discussion about the store’s recent performance was met with shared excitement over the unexpected revenue. 
Skylar seized the opportunity to inspire Janine to think outside the box, even offering a few ideas to propel the business forward. 
Once her injuries healed, she planned to start live streaming to help ordinary people avoid pitfalls and gather information on those disseminating negative items around Jipsburg. 
After talking to Janine, she called Steven. Although Steven had been very busy lately, his reputation in the industry was growing, and his research was gaining prominence. 
Just as she was about to call Charles, Natalie’s call came in. 
“Skye, I just got divorced,” Natalie announced. 
Skylar felt a weight settle in her chest. “Jeremy agreed to the divorce?” 
She had assumed Jeremy would be difficult about it; Natalie had mentioned his stubbornness just days before. 
“Yes, we met at home yesterday with both our parents present, and he finally agreed. We just left the courthouse. Skye, I’m feeling a bit overwhelmed,” Natalie said, her voice trembling. 
The divorce decree felt like a denial of everything she and Jeremy had shared. Though Natalie had mentally prepared herself, the separation still felt painfully final. 
Words failed Skylar. Natalie must have heard plenty of well–meaning advice. Skylar struggled to find something new to say. 
“Where are you? I’ll come to keep you company,” she offered. 
Natalie replied, “I’ve got work tonight. Austin is attending an award ceremony, and I must head there soon. Now that Jeremy isn’t financially providing for me anymore, I have to focus on proving myself through my work. 
“Take good care of yourself, and make sure you don’t end up with scars, okay? Don’t worry about me. I made the decision to divorce Jeremy the day I learned about his affair. Talking to you has lifted a weight from my heart. 
“Don’t worry. I’ll take care of myself. You take care too,” Skylar said. 
“Alright, I’m hanging up. I’m nearly at the venue,” Natalie said. 
After ending the call, Skylar sat still, her mind wandering. 
Shortly after, Joe called. “Edgar is bringing dinner tonight. Stay in bed and take it easy. No moving around.” 
“My injuries are mostly healed. They’re not a problem,” Skylar said. She was growing restless after days of bed rest. 
The most troublesome were the cuts on her hands. It would take about a month before she could resume work. Having so much free time unexpectedly was starting to drive her a little stir–crazy. 
Joe’s voice took on a slightly deeper tone. “Be good.” 
“Alright, I’ll stay in bed and rest.” Skylar relented. 
Perhaps sensing her boredom, Joe suggested, “How about we see a movie after dinner?” 
Skylar’s eyes lit up. “Yes, that sounds great!” 
After ending the call, Joe summoned Paul to his office. 
“Check what new movies are out and book two tickets,” Joe instructed. 
Paul agreed and quickly checked the options. “How about a romantic film? Or there’s a suspense movie, but it might be too intense for Mrs. Martin. The romantic one seems perfect for newlyweds.” 
When Joe heard that the movie was fitting for newlyweds, he paused for
###chapter710
Jeremy returned to Hughes Residence after canceling all his appointments for the day. He tossed the divorce decree into a drawer, his expression darkening with each passing moment. 
He leaned back in his chair, massaging his throbbing temples. The tension briefly subsided, but as he reopened the drawer and pulled out the decree, the word “divorce” glared up at him, making his lips press into a thin line. 
The memory of the day they received their marriage certificate was still vivid. They had stood side by side, smiling at the camera, their happiness so palpable it was contagious. 
Their future had seemed certain and unshakeable. But less than a year later, that certificate had been replaced with a divorce decree. 
Suddenly, an idea came to him, and he dialed a number. “Keep investigating Austin,” he ordered. “I want everything–his past, secrets, any women involved with him.” 
The divorce was a temporary inconvenience. Jeremy hadn’t intended to let Natalie go, and the divorce decree would eventually be swapped back for a marriage certificate. 
Natalie was, and always would be, the only woman for him. 
Natalie arrived at the event venue just as Austin was getting his hair and makeup done. On her way, she had picked up a few sugar–free chocolates, knowing Austin often went hours without eating whenever he had to attend such events. The chocolates would give him a quick energy boost to maintain his stamina. 
Compared to female celebrities, male celebrities had it easier. Some of the women barely ate anything all day just to fit into their gowns, leaving them utterly exhausted by the end of the event. 
Having not eaten much herself that afternoon, Natalie found a quiet spot to wait. She sipped on a soda and nibbled on a small slice of cake, trying to quell her own hunger. 
Whom tealing bwn testade four dame the guilty pleasures of junk food. With an meledarity wage to maintain, she gave in to temptation without a 
econd thumphi 
At she was enjoying her cake, Hank walked in. He first exchanged a few words with Austin about some last–minute details, then casually sat beside Natalie. 
440 reached for the soda she had set aside and took a sip. 
The moment he tasted it, something clicked in his mind. 
His eyes widened in shock as he turned to Natalie, astonishment all over his face. “Are you drinking soda? And eating cake?” 
The two rapid–fire questions caught Austin’s attention. Austin glanced over at Natalie, his gaze darkening. 
Natalie was bewildered. “What’s wrong with soda and cake?” 
She’d done this before without as much as a raised eyebrow. Their current surprise was inexplicable. It was as if she had done something significant or inappropriate. She wondered if Hank was concerned that Austin might be tempted. 
Natalie was puzzled. Austin had never shown interest in food, even when they weren’t attending events. She’d carefully selected items she knew he wouldn’t 
consume. 
Austin finished the remaining drink and stared at Natalie. 
He lowered his voice to ask, “Aren’t you pregnant? Didn’t your doctor advise you on what to avoid? Junk food like this should be off–limits during pregnancy. 
Natalie was momentarily stunned. “Who’s pregnant?” 
“You, of course. Aren’t you pregnant?” Hank said. 
With that, he realized something was off. He pondered why Natalie didn’t know she was pregnant. 
Confusion grew between them as Hank looked at Austin, wondering if there was a misunderstanding. 
###chapter711
Austin had already dismissed the makeup artist. His gaze was fixed on Natalie, awaiting her response. 
Natalie almost choked on her food. “Pregnant? How come I didn’t know?” 
Hank was at a loss for words. Scratching his head, he finally said, “Last time at the airport, when you got off the plane, you looked like you were about to throw up. I may not be married or have much experience, but I can still put two and two together. 
“Didn’t you notice I’ve been reducing your workload these days? I haven’t even scheduled any overseas business trips for you.” 
Natalie was speechless as she finally realized what had happened. “You’ve got it all wrong. I just had a stomach issue last time, nothing more. I’m not pregnant, nor could I be. I thought you were unhappy with my work and were cutting my tasks because of that.” 
It was a series of misunderstandings, one, leading to another. 
After leaving the courthouse earlier, Natalie had even been preparing to look for a new job. 
Jeremy–had offered her a generous settlement during their divorce, ensuring she would be financially secure, but she had refused. 
She couldn’t accept it, no matter how much he insisted. Only after her persistent refusal did Jeremy finally agree. 
Hank was stunned. “You’re not pregnant? That’s impossible? Natalie, you…” 
Though Natalie had recently lost some weight, she looked healthy. Hank couldn’t believe that her health issue was affecting her ability to conceive. 
Natalie realized that Hank had jumped to conclusions, leaving her feeling helpless. “Come on, Hank, don’t overthink it. It’s not what you think.” 
Noticing Austin also looking her way, she suddenly felt like the cake in her hand had lost all its appeal. She felt embarrassed and couldn’t take another 
bite. 
Austin’s eyes seemed to flicker with amusement, but it happened so quickly that no one could be sure. “You talk too much,” he said to Hank. 
Hank rubbed his nose sheepishly. “So it was all just a mix–up. Well, eat up then. No I mean, let’s eat together.” 
Hank had spent the past few days trying to figure out how to manage Natalie’s Situation 
He couldn’t help but glance at her stomach every chance he got, imagining how things would change once she started showing. He was sure that Jeremy would never allow Natalie to continue working when that happened, and Austin’s interest in her would die down. 
The PR materials Hank had been preparing in secret could finally be shelved. But now, it seemed he had to prepare other PR materials. Hank’s emotions had been all over the place recently. 
He decided he needed food to calm his nerves and relieve some of the stress from work. Though the situation had been a mess for him, it was clear Austin’s mood had improved. 
Though Natalie wasn’t pregnant, it didn’t change the fact that she was already married. 
The cinema was crowded, with many couples their age filling the seats. It seemed that these romantic movies were always box–office hits. 
Skylar had quickly looked up the film’s synopsis on the internet before they arrived and had a rough idea of the plot. 
The movie chronicled the main characters‘ school days into adulthood. Through various trials, it ultimately led to a bittersweet reunion. 
Reviews warned it was a tearjerker and suggested bringing tissues. 
After finding seats, Skylar drank water. Recovering from her injury, she avoided sugary treats like popcorn. Yet, she couldn’t help but cast a longing glance at the people around them; almost everyone had their own bucket of popcorn. 
“Do you want some?” Joe noticed the way Skylar eyed the popcorn and felt an overwhelming urge to spoil her. 
353 
Skylar’s eyes lit up. “Yes, but I can’t. Movies without popcorn feel incomplete, but I must abstain now.” 
Seeing her so disappointed tugged at Joe’s heartstrings. He quickly pulled out his phone. “Can Skylar have popcorn with her current recovery status?” he asked after dialing the number. 
Thankfully, the movie hadn’t started yet, so Joe’s call didn’t seem out of place. 
However, the doctor on the other end was momentarily confused. He 
wondered if he had misheard. 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter712
Drake asked, “Popcom?” 
Skylar’s cheeks warmed at the disbelief in Drake’s voice. She realized it wasn’t every day someone called a doctor over something so trivial. 
Drake must think her craving was off the charts. 
But Joe’s tone was serious, as if he was discussing something crucial. After a brief pause, Drake finally agreed she could have some, but in moderation. 
Once Joe got the all–clear, he told Skylar to wait. A few minutes later, he returned with a large bucket of popcorn. Skylar’s eyes lit up at the sight. 
“Go ahead and enjoy it. You shouldn’t have to miss out on such a small pleasure while watching a movie,” Joe said. His eyes reflected the same warmth and sparkle as hers. 
Skylar accepted the popcorn, her voice filled with happiness. “Thank you.” 
The movie began, starting with lighthearted and cheerful moments. As the plot developed, it grew more intense, leading to a sudden and drastic turn of events. 
The main characters, who had been separated due to a misunderstanding, met again but were still burdened by unresolved issues. 
After finally clearing up their misunderstandings, the male lead was tragically killed in a car accident. The female lead believed he never loved her, so she married someone else and had children. Years later, she discovered the truth 
about his death. 
The final scene showed the female lead’s pale, shocked face as she learned the truth. What had begun as a seemingly promising story ended in a surreal, tragic twist. 
After the movie ended, Joe turned to Skylar and muttered, “What a terrible movie. Both of them were too stubborn to talk it out. They might as well have been dead from the start.” 
He couldn’t help but wonder how Paul had ended up booking such a disappointing movie. 
Skyler took a while to recover. The movie wasn’t exactly good or bad, but the separation of two people who loved each other left her melancholic. 
Seeing Skylar’s silence, Jon thought the movie had affected her mood. He took her hand as they left the cinema and said “We can talk about anything.” 
He meant that she could speak whatever was on her mind. 
Misunderstandings often arose from assumptions, and the terrible movie was 
a reminder. 
Skylar couldn’t help but smile. “Yes, we can talk openly, Don’t worry, I’ll definitely let you know if something is up.” 
As they got into the car, Joe’s phone rang with a familiar turie that seemed unusually loud in the confined space. 
When Joe saw the unfamiliar number on his phone, his gaze darkened. His voice turned cold as he answered, “What’s up?” 
His tone was sharp and to the point, devoid of any extraneous emotion–the weight of his words was enough to make whoever was on the other end of the line feel the pressure. 
“I’m getting engaged the day after tomorrow. Bring Aunt Gloria along. My dad thought it would be good for the family to gather and discuss Martin Group’s current state.” 
The caller was Edwin’s cousin, Derek Martin. Though he was only ten years older than Joe, the latter always addressed the former as Uncle Derek. 
Joe merely responded with a hum. Then, he hung up without further conversation. 
As he turned back to Skylar, the worry in her eyes struck him, suddenly making his heart clench. 
###chapter713
Joe lowered his head and kissed Skylar deeply. The kiss lingered, stretching 
on for a long moment. 
When it finally ended, Joe leaned close to Skylar’s ear and whispered, “Do you 
dare to fall in love with me?” 
Skylar’s eyes widened in surprise. Already dizzy from the kiss, his question left her even more bewildered. But Joe didn’t wait for her response; he kissed her again. 
Skylar thought she might have misheard him. After all, the male lead in the movie they had just watched had said something similar. 
The following day, after breakfast, Skylar suddenly remembered she hadn’t contacted Charles in a few days. He had mentioned on WhatsApp that he was about to join the cast of a new production, landing the lead male role. 
Although the film was female–driven and his part was more supportive, landing the lead male role was still a significant achievement. Charles was determined to make the most of this opportunity. 
With that in mind, she called him. 
Charles answered quickly. “Skye, I was just about to call you.” 
Skylar chuckled. “Seems like we’re on the same wavelength.” 
“Of course! We’ve been inseparable since we were kids. I always made sure to take you with me, no matter where I went. I never worried about Steven or Harvey, just you,” Charles said, unable to
resist joking around. 
Then he got serious. “I’m heading off to do some filming in a few days. I’ll be away from Jipsburg for about three months. If anything comes up, just give me a call. If Joe gives you any trouble, let me know. Even though I’m an actor, I can throw a punch just fine.” 
Charles might not match Joe in every way, but when it came to a fistfight, he was confident he could hold his own. If Joe ever hurt Skylar, Charles wouldn’t hesitate to confront him, even if it cost him everything. 
Skylar laughed 70’s really good to me. to don’t worry. Take care on set, and if anything comes up call me first. Once fm less busy. I’ll visit you. Just focus on acting, my future Oscar winning brother 
Haha! I’ll become an Oscar winner sooner or later! Charles was filled with dreams. It was the driving force behind his anticipation for the future. 
Skylar was already shining in her field, and as her brother, he was determined to make his own mark. 
Charles ended the call with a satisfied smile as his celebrity agent, Freddie Welch, walked in. Seeing Charles grinning at his phone, Freddie’s instincts kicked in. 
*Are you dating someone? Don’t get distracted now. Your career is just starting to pick up. You’re about to join a new set, and the female lead is confirmed to be Felicia Ingram. This collaboration could boost your career. 
There are already several projects interested in having you, and I’m 
considering a few reality shows for you. A couple of appearances, and you might just break into the B–list.” 
Charles‘ lips twitched. “What are you thinking? My focus is entirely on my career, not on love. That’s just a distraction.” 
He was uninterested in romance. He had found relationships uninteresting from a young age. While he once thought they were a waste of time, he now saw them as obstacles to his career goals. 
“Really? Because it didn’t seem that way just now. You were smiling so affectionately,” Freddie said, clearly skeptical. 
The entertainment industry was rife with complications and temptations, and many people struggled to resist them. Competition was fierce, and if one didn’t strive for progress, they remained stagnant. 
Freddie had high hopes for Charles, believing he could be the next Austin 
Powell in the industry. 
Charles’s lips twitched again as he explained, “I was just on the phone with my 
sister. How could I not be affectionate with her?” 
Freddie’s eyes widened in realization. “Oh, so it’s your sister! The one who’s an expert in identifying and restoring antiques.” 
“‘Yes‘‘ Charles said proudly. 
Relieved, Freddie was about to seize the chance to address his matters and enlist Charles‘ sister’s help when a phone call jarringly interrupted. 
“Hello? Yes, this afternoon? Let me check Charles schedule and get back to you. Yes, he’s quite busy preparing for the new project. Okay.” 
After ending the call, Freddie turned to Charles. “Felicia wants to discuss the script with you. She has some ideas about the male lead’s character, and Mr. Madron will be there too.” 
###chapter714
Auriflerd Charles 
Freddie modded, he expression puzzled ‘Her reputation in the entertainment industry tent steder. Being from a wealthy family, she doesn’t need to put in much effort. Her involvement often seere more like a hobby than a 
commitment 
“Besides, discussing specific scenes, particularly the male lead’s, is unprecedented before the team is assembled. Mr. Madron’s directive this morning was clear–we wait until filming begins * 
Given the script breakdown and ongoing virtual meetings over the past two days, the male lead’s character had been dissected from every angle. 
Charles‘ deep understanding of the role, underscored by director Oswald Madron’s praise, made Felicia’s newfound reservations puzzling. Was she perhaps undervaluing Charles‘ input? 
Charles frowned. “I don’t have a good impression of her.” 
“Since Mr. Madron is going, you should go too,” Freddie advised. 
It was true that many found working with unprofessional celebrities frustrating. However, they had to maintain public appearances. 
“Alright,” Charles replied coldly. 
He felt that the current generation of women lacked quality. His focus was on his career and financial goals. He had his sights set on a villa and wanted to purchase it for his family. Everything
else was secondary to that goal. 
After waking from her nap, Skylar idly browsed her phone. She reviewed some information and did a bit of studying. In fact, she had read many books at Zindel Residence when she was young. 
The library had fewer books regarding her field than Viola’s collection, which the latter claimed contained many unique volumes. Yet few books addressed the recent surge in negative items, and Viola rarely broached the subject. 
It was fortunate that Skylar’s knowledge on the subject was limited, as it 
suggested a rarity of such harmful items. Those who had once misused them were likely no longer around. 
Before her rebirth, she remained oblivious to these matters, as if a door to knowledge had been sealed shut. Only upon her rebirth did it begin to creak 
open. 
Viola likely hadn’t anticipated the recent surge in negative items. 
Determined to find out more, Skylar decided to visit the library. The Jipsburg City library was enormous, with ten floors. 
She used to frequent it during college and knew roughly where different types of books were located. After finding a few relevant volumes, she settled into a spot to read through them carefully. 
Time slipped away as she immersed herself in research. She left before closing time, having found little relevant information. 
Meanwhile, Joe and Gloria had gone to Avalon Residence early that morning for Derek’s engagement party. They had asked if Skylar wanted to join them. 
Given her current injuries, which might lead to misunderstandings, she decided it was best not to attend and risk further complications. So, a maid from Pearlhall Residence came to Galaxy Villa to attend to her needs. 
She spent the entire afternoon at the library, nearly losing track of time. 
Joe called. “Are you not at home?” 
Skylar glanced at the congested traffic, realizing it was rush hour. “I came to the library for some research. Have you and Grandma arrived?” 
“We’re here. Take care of yourself.” Joe exhaled a puff of smoke before extinguishing his cigarette. 
His stern face didn’t match his gentle tone. 
###chapter715
Joe’s expression remained unchanged. 
When Gloria entered, the lingering scent of smoke greeted her. She was about to reprimand Joe, but seeing him on the phone with Skylar, she held her tongue. 
After a brief conversation, Joe ended the call and turned to find Gloria glaring 
at him. 
“Skye is injured because of you, and now she’s alone at home recovering. Can’t you spend a little more time with her? Aren’t you worried she might resent you and leave one day?” Gloria was genuinely concerned. 
She believed anyone who met Skylar would be charmed by her, especially given her stunning appearance. Even those who didn’t know her could easily be drawn in by her looks alone. Joe really was a constant source of worry. 
Joe smirked slightly. “No one would dare covet my wife.” 
“Don’t be so sure. You need to be more careful,” Gloria retorted with a huff. 
She had once thought confidence was always a good thing, but now she realized that too much could border on arrogance. 
Gloria straightened her expression and adjusted her demeanor. She added, Let’s go. People are waiting downstairs Something feels off this time, so be 
cautious.” 
Joe nodded solemnly. “Alright.” 
Skylar slipped her phone back into her bag and headed toward the parking lot. 
When she arrived in the afternoon, she parked near the museum because the library’s parking lot had no spaces. She had to walk through an underground passage to reach her car. 
As she approached her car, someone blocked her path. A hand with perfectly manicured nails rested on the car door handle. “Is this the car he gave you?” 
The woman looked to be in her late 20s. She had pale skin, a delicate oval face, and striking eyes that exuded elegance. 
Her demeanor radiated a natural nobility When she looked at Skylar, her gaze was scrutinizing, as if from a position of superiority. 
The tone of her question made it clear she knew Joe. Skylar’s expression remained cool and indifferent. “Please move.” 
Vera Ruell’s face darkened instantly. “I know Joe. This car was a gift from me to him years ago. I didn’t expect he would pass it on to you.” 
Earlier, she thought she might have been mistaken. But as she approached and saw the license plate, she realized she hadn’t been. 
She had come to the museum to donate a few artifacts and didn’t expect to run into the woman Joe was keeping. 
Over the years, Joe hadn’t been surrounded by many women. Those who tried to get close never fared well. But recently, rumors had reached her while she was abroad. 
There was talk of a woman often seen with Joe. They dined together, attended auctions, and were even spotted at the mall. 
A few days ago, someone sent her a photo of Joe and this woman on a date at the cinema. Even then, Vera had dismissed the rumors as baseless gossip- there were simply too many of them. 
But she was stunned when she took a closer look at the photo two days ago. In the picture, Joe looked at Skylar with an expression that was gentle, almost tender, with a hint of undisguised affection. 
It was the kind of look a man gave to a woman he genuinely cared about. 
She immediately booked a flight back and planned to find an opportunity to meet Joe. She hadn’t expected to run into Skylar at the museum. 
Seeing someone else driving the car she had gifted Joe felt like a stab in the heart. Joe really knew how to hurt people. 
Skylar was caught off guard. The car she had nonchalantly chosen from the garage turned out to be a gift. Since her previous car had been totaled in an accident and she hadn’t yet found time to buy a new one, she had simply picked a low–key vehicle that matched her taste. 
###chapter716
Skylar noticed the woman before her speaking as if she were intimately acquainted with Joe, so she clarified, “This car still belongs to him. He didn’t give it to me.” 
“He didn’t give it to you?” Vera’s expression softened slightly. 
Seeing Vera still standing in front of the car door, Skylar once again said, ” Could you please step aside?” 
Vera’s expression darkened again. “When did you and Joe get together?” 
“Do I really need to tell you?” Skylar’s tone grew cold. 
“My relationship with Joe…” Vera began, her voice faltering as her already pale face grew even paler. “We were high school classmates.” 
Skylar suddenly recalled Molly mentioning Joe’s past love who lived abroad. 
Had Skylar not appeared, Joe might have been with her. He had kept women at arm’s length all these years, waiting for this past love. 
Skylar wondered if the woman before her could be that past love. 
When Skylar remained silent, Vera composed herself. She didn’t want to reveal too much emotion in front of someone she considered a mere gold–digger. It would appear as if she cared too much about Joe. 
“There’s been talk about you and him in our class group chat. People say you’ve been pursuing him and that your beauty could make you a star,” Vera said. “You should consider acting. I could help you sign with a film company and get you the resources to rise quickly.” She offered a tempting proposition. 
Many girls dreamed of becoming influencers, but few achieved stardom. It required more than just beauty; breaking into the industry was difficult, and signing with a company was just the beginning. 
Skylar raised an eyebrow, amused by Vera’s suggestion. “Thanks, but I already have a job. 
“A job?” Vera frowned, her expression cold. “Is your job spending every day with Joe? Being a man’s accessory won’t last. He’ll probably tire of you and 
leave you soon. As a woman, I’m advising you. Think carefully.” 
Vera noticed the bandages on Skylar’s hand and the wound on her forehead as she spoke. “Did you make Joe mad? Did he hit you?” 
Vera thought perhaps Skylar’s injury was caused by her being too wild in bed. She took a deep breath, trying to calm the rising jealousy in her chest. 
Vera’s assumptions amused Skylar. “He doesn’t have a violent streak.” 
With that, she opened the car door. 
“Wait!” Vera blocked Skylar’s path. 
Skylar glanced at Vera’s outstretched hand. The former’s patience was wearing 
thin. 
“Don’t drive this car. It was a gift from me to him, and it doesn’t sit well with me for you to be using it. You should take a cab home. I’ll arrange for someone to send this car to Galaxy Villa.” Vera’s tone remained as haughty as ever, with no hint of the disdain in her voice hidden away. 
To them, Skylar was just an ordinary girl, nothing special. In the lower tiers, it was common for beauty to be reduced to a mere commodity in a man’s eyes 
They viewed someone who could be measured by money as having little worth. 
Skylar chuckled. “You-” 
Before she could finish, a deep male voice interrupted, “Ms. Sullivan.” 
Then the voice continued, “Vera?” 
Skylar looked over to see Aiken. Clearly, Aiken also knew Vera. 
Vera’s frown eased upon seeing Aiken, and she resumed her haughty demeanor with a smile. “What a coincidence. It’s been years. You haven’t changed a bit.” 
Aiken gave a polite smile. “Indeed, it’s been a while.” 
He then addressed Skylar, “My sister is at the restaurant across the street. I’m heading there now. Would you like to join us, Ms. Sullivan?” 
Aiken’s attitude was markedly different. While he had been dismissive and insincere with Vera, his manner with Skylar was genuine and considerate. 
###chapter717
Aiken’s tone was noticeably gentle and respectful when he spoke to Skylar, as if she held great significance in his eyes. This stark contrast darkened Vera’s 
expression. 
“Maybe another time. I have plans with friends,” Skylar replied. 
Aiken nodded thoughtfully, a smile on his face. “Alright, next time.” 
He then turned to Vera. “Do you know Ms. Sullivan?” 
Vera’s smile held a hint of sarcasm. “We just met. The car she’s driving now is one I gave to Joe. So I was curious and came over to talk to her. It seems like you know her quite well?” 
Women like Skylar, who were naturally beautiful, instinctively used their looks to get what they wanted from men. There were probably more men around her than just Joe. Vera didn’t even notice the contempt in her tone. 
But Aiken was different from Joe. He had many women coming and going around him, and no one knew how many female celebrities and models he had slept with. 
Unaware of Vera’s thoughts, Skylar and Aiken might have found her assumptions amusing if they knew. 
“I see. Let my driver take you home then. It’s rush hour, and traffic is heavy. Driving now would be exhausting. You should rest and take care of your injuries.” Aiken’s first two words were in response to Vera, followed by his concern and inquiry about Skylar. 
His care was genuine, not faked. He was exceptionally thoughtful. 
Anyone familiar with Aiken knew he rarely showed such care toward women. Usually, it was the other way around. His attitude toward Skylar was something entirely different. 
“I’m recovering well, and it’s close to home from here. I can manage it on my own. Thank you. Please let Simona know. I’ll invite you both for a meal sometime.” Skylar declined the offer. Her injury was minor, and driving herself wasn’t a problem. 
Vera watched in surprise as Skylar got into the car and drove away. When she came to her senses, he turned to Aiken who was still watching Skylar leave. 
“Do you know she’s being kept by Joe now?” Vera asked. 
Aiken’s frown deepened, and his voice carried a note of detachment. “She doesn’t need anyone to keep her.” 
Vera paused and was momentarily taken aback. Suddenly, a pang of realization hit her. Had she jumped to conclusions and misunderstood something? 
“Do you like her?” Vera asked tentatively. 
Aiken glanced at his watch. Without answering, he replied coldly, “I have things 
to do. We’ll talk another time.” 
Vera wouldn’t have felt so unsettled if it hadn’t been for Aiken’s genuine concern for Skylar. After all, that was just how Aiken was. He could smile and be pleasant to others, but his warmth often felt insincere, leaving people unable to see his true thoughts. 
From the moment she boarded the flight back to the country, Vera had hoped that just her return would make Joe notice her. 
But all she could think about was Skylar now. 
In a private room of a Floan restaurant, Charles arrived punctually. 
However, the private room was empty except for Felicia. There was no sign of Oswald or even Felicia’s celebrity agent, Adele. 
###chapter718
Charles asked, “Has Mr. Madron not arrived yet?” 
Felicia had previously worked on a film with Charles. Back then, he was just another decent–looking man from a humble background, so she hadn’t paid. much attention to him. 
Though she recognized him, Charles was only a small player in the past. However, his popularity had begun to rise in the last few months. 
Still, she didn’t think he was right as the male lead in her current project. If it weren’t for his connection with Skylar, she might have asked Oswald to find someone to replace him. 
“Mr. Madron had an urgent matter come up. Let’s discuss things between us first,” Felicia said. 
Charles furrowed his brow but took a seat across from Felicia. “Alright. You mentioned some concerns about the male lead role. Why don’t you share your thoughts?” 
Felicia had no specific ideas. She hadn’t even read the script yet, merely skimming it daily. She smiled and said, “Let’s have some food first.” 
“I ate before coming here and am not too hungry now. I need to control my weight before joining the crew. Go ahead and eat. I’ll wait for you,” Charles said, maintaining a business–like demeanor. 
Felicia’s smile faltered. “Alright, please wait for me for ten minutes.” 
Skylar returned the car to its spot in the garage and put the keys away. She planned to buy a new car tomorrow and decided not to drive this one anymore. 
That night, Joe sent her a message saying he would stay at Avalon Residence for a few days. She responded with a simple “Okay” and nothing more. 
Joe saw only a one–word response with no punctuation or emoji, and he keenly sensed Skylar’s coldness. He texted back, “Feeling lonely at home?” 
He waited for a few minutes, but there was no response. Joe raised his 
eyebrows and lightly smirked. It seemed that he didn’t hold a significant place in her mind. She was probably too busy chatting with her family or friends to pay him any attention. 
Joe felt a pang in his heart. It seemed necessary to secure a spot in her mind for himself. 
An exclamation mark from Rowan jolted Joe’s attention back to his phone. 
Joe opened Rowan’s message, which was filled with multiple exclamation marks. He read the final line. “Vera is back! I just saw her! Has she contacted you?” 
Joe’s gaze lingered on Vera’s name. After a few seconds, he typed a response, 
“No.” 
Rowan replied almost instantly, “Some women are just cold–hearted, Forget about her. You have Skylar now, so there’s no need to dwell on Vera.” 
Joe’s gaze darkened as he replied, “Talk to your fiancée about this. I’m busy.” 
Rowan sent a rolling eye emoji, ending the conversation. 
Joe lingered on the chat page for a moment before exiting. Just then, a maid approached. She informed him that his uncle, Garth Martin, wanted to see him. 
Joe’s expression turned cold as he responded with a curt, “Okay.” 
A few days later, while Skylar was on the phone with Alexander about work, Joe returned home. 
Seeing Skylar on the phone, Joe decided not to interrupt her. He then went to change into loungewear. 
Skylar glanced at Joe as he moved through the room. His striking physique and appearance were hard to ignore. 
Noticing that Skylar had repeatedly looked at him, Joe’s lips curled into a 
subtle smile. Skylar ended the call after chatting with Alexander for a few more 
moments. 
Joe then asked, “How are your injuries healing?” 
They were visibly healed. 
###chapter719
Joe strolled over with his long legs. He moved at a leisurely pace. 
Skylar nodded. “Yes, it’s much better. I’ve been applying ointment daily, so there shouldn’t be any scarring.” 
Though injuries were minor compared to life itself, she still cared about her appearance. Scars on her forehead and hands would definitely affect her looks. 
Before Skylar could finish her sentence, Joe swept her into his arms. 
“I asked Dr. Stone. We’re cleared for marital activities.” 
“What did you say?” Skylar stared at Joe in disbelief. 
He actually asked Drake. 
She had a check–up scheduled for tomorrow. How was she supposed to face 
Drake now? 
Before she could ponder further, Joe had already set her down on the bed. His warm breath brushed against her lips. “Focus.” 
Since their intimacy began, Joe had always taken the lead. His dominance made it impossible to refuse him. 
Skylar spent the entire night with no time or energy to think about how she would manage her hospital visit the next day. 
They moved through the night, their bodies entwined until exhaustion overcame them. 
As she trembled uncontrollably, Skylar, in a daze, asked, “Are you in love with 
me?” 
A drop of sweat fell at the corner of her eye. He held her close, feeling her tremors, and asked in return, “What did you just ask me?” 
Skylar slowly regained her awareness and weakly shook her head. “It’s nothing.” 
”? 
carry you to the shower.” Joe didn’t press further. As always, he carried Skylar to the shower after their time together. 
Skylar merely hummed in response. 
After her shower, Skylar found herself unable to sleep. 
Joe also had trouble sleeping. 
Skylar sensed that Joe had something on his mind. 
Sure enough, Joe spoke up. “Grandma wasn’t feeling well when she was at Avalon Residence. She would always fall sick whenever she went there, but this time, it seemed worse.” 
Skylar immediately asked, “Did Grandma specify where she felt unwell? Did she see a doctor?” 
“We have a family doctor, but they found nothing serious. They suspected fatigue from the long drive. Still, it didn’t seem right,” Joe said seriously. 
Skylar couldn’t stay calm. “Did she go to the hospital afterward?” 
Gloria’s health was fragile, so timely medical attention was crucial if something was wrong. 
“We went to the hospital first. Don’t worry. She felt much better after leaving Avalon Residence,” Joe assured her. 
Skylar breathed a sigh of relief. “She felt better after leaving?” 
She appeared to have thought of something. 
Almost as if reading her thoughts, Joe pulled out his phone and said, “Here’s a video of Avalon Residence that I had someone take. It covers almost every corner. Do you have the energy to watch it?” 
The phrase “Do you have the energy” left Skylar momentarily speechless. After shooting him a look, she tapped the screen to start playing. 
The video showed some sounds and glimpses of people. However, Skylar’s attention wasn’t on the people but rather on the decorations and furnishings in each area. 
Avalon Residence was quite large, and almost every part of the house was shown except for two rooms. 
“These two rooms aren’t in the footage,” Skylar pointed out. 
Joe nodded. “Those two rooms belong to Uncle Derek and Uncle Garth. Their 
rooms are usually off–limits to anyone.” 
“There doesn’t seem to be any issue with the areas shown in the video,” Skylar confirmed. 
Joe frowned. “If there were something unusual, it would likely be in their rooms, but there’s nothing out of the ordinary.” 
“Could it really just be a coincidence?” Skylar wondered. She was puzzled. 
Avalon Residence seemed normal on the surface. It was a place with excellent fortune, even better than Pearlhall Residence, where Gloria lived. 
Such a place usually didn’t allow for significant disturbances from negative 
items. 
Gloria only felt unwell after returning, which meant that any negative items would likely have also affected the other residents. 
But according to Joe, everyone else in the family was fine. 
###chapter720
Joe nodded in agreement. “Maybe.” 
After a while, both of them began to feel drowsy. 
A sudden ping broke the quiet–a notification on Joe’s phone. He had forgotten to silence it. 
Joe opened it and found a friend request on Instagram. 
The request was from Vera. She had added him through their high school classmates. 
Joe’s gaze lingered on the screen. 
“Do you need to take care of something? I’m going to sleep now,” Skylar murmured sleepily, moving away from Joe’s embrace. 
Joe set his phone aside and pulled Skylar back into his arms. “Let’s sleep together.” 
The following day, during breakfast, Gloria called. She first asked about Skylar’s well–being and then shared how she was doing. 
The two were more concerned about each other than themselves, so they chatted for a while. 
Skylar asked Joe if he wanted to say a few words to Gloria as the conversation was wrapping up. 
Joe glanced over at her and said, “Sure.” 
But Gloria quickly declined. “We just saw each other yesterday. There’s nothing to talk about. I’m going to have some water now. You rest well,” she said, her usual dismissive tone unchanged. 
Joe’s lips twitched in frustration as he felt dismissed entirely. 
Skylar stifled a laugh. Only Gloria could leave Joe feeling so utterly helpless and exasperated. 
While Joe was in the kitchen washing dishes, his phone buzzed on the table 
with a new notification. Skylar glanced at it casually. 
It was a friend request. Not giving it much thought, she took a sip of water and then grabbed a book, heading to the couch to read. 
After Joe finished in the kitchen, he noticed the friend request on his phone. His eyes lingered on the screen for a few seconds. 
Skylar turned around just in time to catch his expression. She couldn’t help but notice that his expression seemed to darken slightly, as if something had 
shifted in his mood. 
The sudden tension reminded her of her encounter with Vera in the parking lot the previous day. Her chest suddenly tightened, and she immediately looked 
away. 
After Joe left, Skylar found herself unable to focus on the book she was reading. Since she had a follow–up appointment at the hospital that day and planned to buy a new car afterward, she left Galaxy Villa half an hour later. 
Skylar browsed casually at the car dealership. She had test–driven two cars at other dealerships earlier but didn’t like either of them. 
People got used to luxury quickly, but it was hard to go back once they had experienced it. 
The cars she had driven earlier today couldn’t compare to the ones Joe had. 
###chapter721
Hence, when Skylar went to buy a new car, she couldn’t help but be picky. 
The car dealership was running a promotion, and quite a few people were there. 
Skylar didn’t want the sales staff following her around, so she wandered the showroom alone. 
Just then, she overheard two young women discussing the latest 
entertainment news. 
“Did you see this morning’s trending topic? It’s all about Charles Sullivan. Apparently, he invited Felicia Ingram to dinner and got all handsy with her. He even had someone take photos to stir up some publicity. The lengths he’ll go to for fame are just pathetic. Such a waste of a good–looking face.” 
“Honestly, I had a pretty good impression of him. His recent movies and shows have been getting a lot of attention. I thought he would be the next Oscar- winning actor, but one can never truly judge a book by its cover. It’s so disgusting! Poor Felicia.” 
“Exactly! They’re supposed to work on a film together, and Charles has played minor roles for years. He’s clearly desperate to make it big. 
“People always talk about how messy the entertainment industry is, and it’s true. No matter how successful a woman is, she still has to watch out for scumbags like him.” 
“I’m going to comment and share this too. Scumbags like him shouldn’t be in the entertainment industry.” 
The two women continued to vent their anger over the latest scandal. 
Skylar’s expression changed as she listened, and she quickly pulled out her phone to check the news. Sure enough, several hashtags were blowing up. 
#Charlesgetoutofentertainmentindustry! 
#CharlesmustapologizetoFelicia! 
The hashtags were all focused on ruining Charles’s career. 
Photos of the two dining together at a restaurant dominated the headlines. 
From the pictures, it really did seem like Charles was getting handsy with 
Felicia. 
Felicia’s face was partially turned away from the camera, making her expression hard to read. 
There were also a few seconds of video footage, adding weight to the 
accusations against Charles. 
The production team reacted swiftly, announcing just minutes ago that they 
had terminated Charles‘ contract as the male lead. Meanwhile, Felicia’s team had posted only a single picture of her back. She looked weak and vulnerable. 
On top of that, Adele chimed in with comments like, “Are all these scumbags 
this bold now?” 
This whole situation sparked a wave of sympathy online, with people calling for Charles to be blacklisted. 
In an instant, everything Charles had worked so hard to build was in jeopardy. 
This scandal began brewing just an hour ago, making it the hottest news. 
As Skylar scrolled through the endless stream of hateful comments aimed at Charles, her hands trembled. People were tearing him apart, even digging up unrelated dirt from his past. 
She immediately left the car dealership. Just as she was about to call Charles, her phone rang–it was Natalie. 
“Skye, I just woke up and saw the news about your brother. I talked to Mr. Powell and Hank. They both agree this news was premeditated. 
“I know your brother’s character, and Mr. Powell had met him a few times too. In the entertainment industry, Charles had always had a reputation for being professional and well–liked. 
“This is definitely a setup! Don’t panic. I’ll ask Mr. Powell and Hank to see what they can do. This needs to be handled immediately by the PRs.” 
Skylar knew little about the entertainment industry, but the overwhelming flood of trending topics and news articles made it clear someone was trying to ruin Charles. 
After a few more words with Natalie, Skylar called Charles. However, his phone 
was off. It was likely overwhelmed with calls from everyone trying to reach him. 
Without wasting any more time, she hailed a cab and headed straight to Charles‘ apartment. 
On the way, Skylar called Steven. He picked up almost immediately. 
“Steven, Charles is in big trouble. The news is everywhere, and I can’t reach him. His phone is off. I’m sure Mom will find out soon. Can you talk to her? Try to keep her calm. I’ll do everything I can to help Charles sort this out.” 
“Charles called me right before he turned off his phone. He told us not to 
worry. He’s getting bombarded with calls right now, but he’s busy gathering evidence. I’ll speak to Mom and reassure her,” Steven replied, his voice steady as always. 
Skylar did some research on Felicia while on her way to Charles‘. She had met Felicia before and knew she wasn’t exactly a kind person. 
If it hadn’t been for Joe’s intervention during the last rear–end incident, Felicia definitely wouldn’t have admitted her fault so easily. 
Meanwhile, Natalie kept sending updates on what she was finding out. 
Austin’s agent, Hank, was a well–known agent in the industry. He had a reputation for quickly devising strategies to handle any crisis. He introduced Skylar to a PR firm that could handle the situation. However, the price was quite expensive. 
Skylar quickly regained her composure and contacted the PR firm Hank recommended. They offered two strategies for her to consider and promised to act immediately if she approved either plan. 
However, the situation with Felicia wasn’t looking good. The PR firm admitted that this would be a tough battle. The best solution was to get Felicia to publicly clarify the situation. 
Only a statement from her could dispel the rumors and end the backlash against Charles. 
###chapter722
Meanwhile, over at Martin Group, Joe had just wrapped up a meeting when 
Paul knocked and entered. 
“Mr. Martin, there’s been some trouble involving Mrs. Martin’s brother. Would you like to know more?” Paul had overheard company chatter about Charles. and Felicia and felt it necessary to inform Joe. 
Joe was always swamped with work, so he definitely didn’t keep up with entertainment news or care about it. But since this involved Skylar’s brother, it was important to inform him. 
Paul believed that Skylar was likely already aware of the situation and was probably anxious about how to help Charles resolve it. 
Joe looked up and simply said, “Go ahead.” 
Paul then recounted the entire situation between Charles and Felicia. He didn’t 
know Charles well, so he wasn’t sure if the rumors were true. 
Besides the photographer, only the two people involved knew what really happened. Now, Felicia was allowing the situation to spiral, and Charles was being overwhelmed by various accusations and online attacks. 
The truth had become blurred, with the general public’s perception being manipulated by different new stories. 
After listening, Joe glanced at his phone. There were no missed calls or messages from Skylar. 
That alone signaled trouble. 
But Skylar hadn’t come to him for help. 
“Get someone to investigate this matter,” Joe instructed after a brief pause. 
Paul was about to leave and make arrangements when Joe stopped him again. “Wait, have someone prepare a PR strategy first.” 
The truth of the situation wasn’t the most important thing. 
Joe had met Charles and didn’t think he was the type to engage in such underhanded tactics. Someone who wanted to build a career based on a 
genuine skill wouldn’t take shortcuts. 
Paul was shocked. He realized that Joe’s regard for Skylar was growing. He was so protective of Skylar’s family that he didn’t even need to check the facts. He was already ready to defend them. 
Paul admired Joe’s selfless actions, but he also believed that Joe could 
benefit from not always acting anonymously. 
Fortunately, Joe had Paul, his versatile assistant, who could step in during 
critical moments. 
Paul set out to find Sarah and begin the public relations efforts, understanding that it would take time to address the situation from start to finish. 
Next, he tried calling Skylar. For some reason, the call went unanswered. She was probably busy and couldn’t pick up. 
Paul thought for a moment and left a message on Skylar’s WhatsApp, “Mr. 
Martin has seen the news and asked me to consult with the PR team for a 
solution. 
“Don’t worry, Mr. Martin is genuinely committed to helping. Our PR team will do everything they can to salvage Charles‘ career.” 
Meanwhile, Adele closely monitored the situation on her phone as she entered 
the room. 
Felicia smirked as Adele walked in. “See? My position in the entertainment industry is solid. My fan base is huge, and I’m the victim here. Many are rallying to support me. 
“Charles will beg me soon, and even Skylar might come to me. I’ve never suffered such humiliation since that incident with Skylar. I’ll show them that 
I’m not to be messed with.” 
Adele replied, “Your fan base has grown by one million in just a few hours. We’re also getting numerous collaboration offers. This situation is entirely in your favor. 
“You could even use this to expose Skylar’s family to Joe, and by positioning yourself as a victim, you could make Mr. Martin pity you. It’s a win–win. Charles is a fool!” 
Felicia thought about Charles‘ attitude toward her. 
Aside from Joe’s indifference, Charles was the only man who had treated her with such disregard. 
###chapter723
When Felicia was alone with Charles, she’d dropped every possible hint, but he remained indifferent. And not only did he fail to respond, but he’d also bluntly told her to maintain her dignity. 
Felicia was furious. 
“He really is a fool!” Felicia scoffed aloud. “Even if I help him get through this mess, his career in the entertainment industry is over. Afterward, I’ll make sure he’s blacklisted. The Sullivans are all so annoying.” 
Adele chimed in, “Especially that Skylar, she even had plastic surgery to look like you. She’s desperate to be your double.” 
Felicia rolled her eyes. “Mr. Martin will soon see the Sullivans‘ true colors.” 
“Charles‘ agent has been calling me non–stop. He must be losing his mind. To think someone like him could match up with us. What a joke,” Adele said with a dismissive snort. 
Felicia curled her lips in disdain. “Ignore him. Let them panic on their own. Almost everyone on the internet is on my side. Whatever they do will be useless.” 
Meanwhile, in Charles‘ apartment, things were far from calm. Though his apartment usually afforded him plenty of privacy, a crowd of reporters had gathered outside that day. 
Someone had leaked Charles‘ home address, and now the reporters were swarming. They were all eager to be the first to interview him or snap a photo. 
The day’s hottest topic was the scandal involving Charles and Felicia, so they were desperate to capture anything related to them. 
It didn’t matter who they caught on camera. Getting the first photo was all that mattered. 
Even more surprisingly, some online influencers had shown up and even started live–streaming the scene. 
In less than a day, Charles had become a public villain, and the online community had crucified him online. 
From upstairs, Charles cautiously lifted a corner of the curtain and peered down at the scene below. 
The scene was chaotic. 
Freddie paced back and forth anxiously, clutching his phone as he called everyone he could think of. But nearly every call he made went unanswered. 
The company had made its stance clear. They wanted Charles to publicly admit his fault to minimize the damage to their reputation. There was no indication they intended to stand by him. 
They even mentioned that actors like Charles were a dime a dozen. Regardless of any PR efforts, his career in the entertainment industry was essentially over. 
All the hard–earned popularity and goodwill Charles had built up had been wiped out overnight, leaving nothing behind. 
“Stop calling for now. Did the restaurant respond? No one else was there at the time, so those photos and videos must have come from pre–planted cameras. Felicia must’ve set me up on purpose,” Charles said. 
Despite his pale complexion, he remained composed and didn’t panic. 
Panicking wouldn’t help. In the worst–case scenario, he could always move back to the countryside and start farming. He had earned enough money to buy plenty of land there. 
After all, everyone had a fallback plan. However, the feeling of being set up was truly awful. 
Freddie’s face was just as pale, not much better than Charles‘. If Charles was finished, so was his career, which had just started showing some promise. That was why he looked even more panicked than Charles. 
“The restaurant’s staff got back to us, saying they have no idea what’s going on. It seems like the staff there is hiding something. They’re telling us not to contact them for now. This restaurant is unbelievable! 
“And what’s Felicia’s intention? Could it be she’s unhappy with you being the male lead and decided to ruin you with this disgusting stunt? What a terrible 
person!” 
Freddie was practically shaking with rage. “Damn it.” 
###chapter724
Charles took a deep breath. Felicia was too shameless. 
“The company’s already given up on me, haven’t they?” Charles asked. 
Freddie felt a bit sympathetic. He glanced away momentarily before saying, “I’ll keep negotiating with them. You’ve worked too hard to get here. You can’t let it go to waste just because someone else has schemed against you. 
“Besides, I should’ve seen this coming. I should’ve known she had bad intentions. If I had stopped you from meeting her, the worst that could’ve happened was offending her or Mr. Madron. But now, we’re stuck with this so called Scandal they’ve created to ruin you.” 
The more Freddie thought about it, the more he regretted it. He realized just how naive they had been. They hadn’t anticipated the possibility of being set up, which left them defenseless. 
One blow was all it took to render them powerless. 
Charles was silent for a moment. Then, his expression turned grim. 
“I’m unlikely to get out of this. We’re too new in this industry, and no one will step up to clear my name. As for Felicia, don’t count on any help from her side.” 
Freddie’s eyes welled up, but he fought back the tears. He didn’t want to break down in front of Charles. He walked over to the window, pulling the curtain back slightly to peer outside. 
He hoped that the people downstairs would have a change of heart and disperse. Or someone could believe in Charles and stand up for him. 
Suddenly, Freddie pointed to a figure below. “Wait, isn’t that your sister? She looks just like your sister. Could she have heard about this and come to check 
on you?” 
“She should be at work right now. She wouldn’t have time to check her phone during work hours, so she probably doesn’t know what’s going on.” 
Although Charles said otherwise, he still walked over and looked in the direction Freddie pointed. 
When he saw who it was, the words he was about to say caught in his throat. Standing among the reporters and paparazzi was none other than Skylar. 
As Charles had turned off his phone due to the influx of calls, he hadn’t. managed to contact Skylar. He had assumed she would be at work and that Steven would have told her not to worry about him. 
He hadn’t expected her to find out so soon and come over. 
When dealing with issues on his own, Charles felt somewhat indifferent. Growing up, he faced numerous setbacks, so starting over in a new field was a challenge he was prepared to face. But when his problems affected his family, it was a different story. It hurt him deeply. 
“Find a way to bring her up here,” Charles said. 
Freddie thought for a moment and nodded. “I’ll find a way.” 
Among the crowd of reporters, Skylar looked up at Charles‘ apartment floor. 
The curtains were tightly drawn. 
The reporters could only capture the tightly drawn curtains even with their telescopic lenses. 
Skylar clenched her fists as she listened to the reporters discussing Charles and their attempts to discredit him. 
So many people were trying to see Charles, and security guards had blocked everyone off. Hence, Skylar didn’t rush inside. 
One of the reporters, Alaric Newton, noticed Skylar. He assumed she was also a reporter. Alaric approached her and said, “None of us can get in. It’s sunny out, so you should not stand here in the heat. 
“Let’s exchange WhatsApp contacts. If I manage to get a photo, I’ll send it to you so you can use it for whatever you need.” 
Skylar remained silent and shot him a cold glance. 
Feeling embarrassed under her gaze, Alaric said, “I’ve been in this industry for a long time. Maybe I can give you some guidance. Let’s have a meal together sometime.” 
“Move aside,” Skylar said. She was clearly irritated. 
She had little patience for those who prioritized sensationalism over truth and harassed others for headlines. 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
X 
###chapter725
Abate mungested, “Are you getting input watting? I don’t think Charter t 
We can come back when it gets darks. We might get tudy and catch 
something unexpected Alaric will med 
paramal 
I was rare for someone in their line of wors to see such a beautiful woman. A Best glance, he couldn’t help but be attrad Sines his canidnt get to see Charles, he funted he might as well take the opportunity to pursue a woman 
Skylar gave him a cold glance and said, “love” 
Alarie’s expression changed, and his amis froze. 
Meanwhile, Skylar noticed Freddie stu 
She immediately followed his signal and aft 
her from a disersst spot 
A few minutes later, a woman dressed inch Janitor’s uniform entered the building. The security guard let her in wittent hesitation. 
The reporters outside barely glanced at her 
A few minutes after that, Skylar appeared in front of Charles: 
Charles‘ eyes reddened slightly when he saw her. “I didn’t want to worry you What’s with the injures on your head and hande ? Did Jos hurt you? Did he hit 
Charles‘ eyes, which had been red, widened in sheels upon seeing Skylare injuries. He was stunned to realize that he was a heartless bastard. This was domestic abuse 
“It wasn’t abuse. I was in a car accident a few days age. I didn’t tell you because I didn’t want you to worry. I was in the hospital for a few daye/ Skylar explained quickly. 
Chades‘ concem grew when he heard it was a car accident. He scrutinized her 
You were in a car accident? Are you hurt anywhere else?” 
To fime now. The important thing to deding with your altuation: I’ve consulted with friends about strategies and am leading into public relations options/ 
Skylar said. 
Despite being engulfed in his own troubles and facing potential ruin, Charles was more concerned about Skylar’s car accident and her well–being. 
Charles‘ eyes dimmed. “This is Felicia’s deliberate scheme against me. The company had already abandoned me. Don’t worry about me. 
“I’ve mentally prepared myself to leave this industry. Besides, I’m able–bodied. I can always find something else to do.” 
Skylar asked, “What happened between you and Felicia that day?” 
Acting was Charles‘ dream. Since childhood, he had wanted to be an actor. Hence, she couldn’t let Felicia ruin that dream of him. Furthermore, Charles had already endured enough hardships over the years. 
Charles recounted every detail of the encounter with Felicia, explaining how she had invited him to a scene rehearsal and what had happened in the 
restaurant. 
In the end, Freddie added, “Felicia approached Charles of her own accord, and Charles couldn’t push her away. I’ve heard some things about her in the 
industry. 
“Her public image is of a pure and innocent woman. But in reality, her boyfriends come and go. I suspect she tried to harm Charles because he 
rejected her, and she wasn’t pleased. 
Charles‘ face was cold. “She’s not answering our calls, and there’s no evidence of what happened in the restaurant.” 
Skylar’s face grew serious. 
She completely believed Charles‘ account. If she hadn’t interacted with Felicia, she might have doubted the online gossip and impression about her, thinking there could be some misunderstanding. But given the circumstances, it was clear that Felicia had deliberately set Charles up. 
###chapter726
“Felicia must’ve known that Charles couldn’t do anything about her. That explains why she didn’t bother to clarify the situation. She’s even trying to direct public opinion in her favor,” Freddie hissed through gritted teeth. 
Hatred was written across Charles‘ face as he pursed his lips. 
His acting career came to an end in the hands of a woman. Although Charles had devised a way to escape his predicament, he wasn’t willing to accept her slandering of him. 
Skylar’s expression turned somber. She pulled out her phone to contact 
Natalie. She would tell Natalie about this situation, and Hank could propose a solution, or they could contact Felicia. 
Skylar opened her WhatsApp. Paul had texted her. 
Joe had found out about what had happened. He’d sent someone to deal with Charles‘ struggles. 
Skylar glanced at Charles, who was extremely pale. She decided to give Paul a 
call. 
“Mr. Ziegler, I just saw your text.” 
“Mrs. Martin, Mr. Martin has sent me to contact our PR team. They’re already coming up with a plan to deal with this. Don’t worry, Mrs. Martin. They will do their best to minimize the damage to Charles,” said Paul. 
Skylar thanked him. Then, she described in detail what had gone down 
between Charles and Felicia. 
After hearing Skylar’s explanation, Paul erupted and uttered a string of expletives. He soon realized that he’d been extremely rude. He immediately added, “There must be something fundamentally wrong with Felicia! Don’t fret oyer this, Mrs. Martin. I’ll ask them to take an alternative approach to the 
situation.” 
“Alright. Help me thank Mr. Martin,” said Skylar. She hung up afterward. 
Paul agreed cheerily. Then, he went to see Joe to tell him what had happened. 
After ending the call, Skylar asked Natalie for Felicia’s contact number. 
Felicia had given Natalie her work number, but Natalie hadn’t saved it. She thought she’d never see Felicia again. 
Even if they could track her call history, she’d lost her old phone, so they wouldn’t be able to. What a pity. 
Freddie piped in, “I have Adele’s number. However, she’s not picking up. She didn’t pick up even when I used someone else’s number.” 
“Let me try,” Skylar suggested. She called the number. Indeed, no one picked up. 
At this point, Adele probably wouldn’t pick up any calls from unknown numbers. Suddenly, Skylar thought of her Instagram. She sent Felica a message. 
Felicia had been on her phone, swiping through Instagram. Her follower count was climbing continuously, and comments kept flowing in from her fans. She was basking in happiness over it. 
How could Charles escape her trap? 
He hadn’t listened to her and had made her unhappy. He would pay for it! The fact that Charles was a Sullivan had made sure that she wouldn’t leave him in peace. 
As she continued beaming ecstatically, she saw a message come in. It was from Skylar. 
###chapter727
Felicia thought Skylar had texted her to plead for mercy. However, when she clicked on the message, she saw that Skylar had taken a forceful approach. 
“Ms. Ingram, I’m sure you know the whole truth behind what happened between you and Charles. If you’re doing this because of the accident, I’ll make sure you regret this.” 
She did not beg, nor did she expose her vulnerabilities. 
Displeasure marred Felicia’s features. 
“Skylar has got some nerves to demand things from me after getting together with Joe. She even dares to threaten me. Does she think she’ll be able to push me around easily after my tough upbringing in Jipsburg?” 
Adele walked over and peeped at Feclia’s phone. 
Her heart skipped a beat when she saw the text that Felicia had received. She suggested, “Um, should we take a step back? Perhaps we should stop now? I feel like this is not an empty threat on Skylar’s part. She must be a woman with ingenious schemes. After all, she achieved her beauty through plastic surgery. 
Joe even fell for her.” 
“Why should we be scared? Isn’t she just his lover? Our accident had been embarrassing enough for me. A few days ago, someone even asked me about it. They’re definitely cackling about it behind my back. I’ve never been subjected to such humiliation. 
“In addition, such a long time has passed. Joe must be sick of her by now. Why should I be scared? If she’d begged me to spare Charles, I might’ve done so.” 
Adele thought that Felicia’s standpoint made sense. 
“You’re right. Men like Joe would only treat Skylar like a toy. After all, she 
comes from a lower–class background. He would never love her for real. You’re different.” 
Felicia smiled. She approved, “Exactly.” 
Time flew past in an instant. The sky outside had darkened. 
Freddie looked out of the window. The number of journalists outside had 
increased. 
He scrolled through Instagram and looked through the texts he’d received. He reported, “A few of the brands you work with have posted announcements that they’re breaking off their collaborations with you.” 
After Skylar came, they’d been trying to devise a solution together. 
His entertainment company handled Charles‘ Instagram account. He couldn’t even explain himself. 
Freddie was panicking big time. However, the siblings looked extremely calm, Skylar especially. She’d contacted a lawyer and discussed their next course of action with the police. 
Since Freddie’s social media had been taken over by his company, he was unable to speak out for himself. However, a lawyer could speak for him. 
They were waiting for their lawyer to finish a legal letter. 
Although a legal letter might not be taken seriously and wouldn’t change anything, they still needed to give it a try. 
“Mr. Martin has set out a public relations plan. We just need to wait,” Skylar said softly to Charles. He looked extremely exhausted. 
Charles felt guilty. He said, “Skye, I never thought that I would be the one to drag you down with me.” 
Skylar’s family had always been a weak point for her, especially in her 
relationship with Joe. If he caused even more trouble, Joe would definitely be annoyed. This was why he felt laden with guilt. If this impacted their relationship, Charles would feel even worse. 
“We’re a family. We should handle such challenges together. Besides, this wasn’t your fault,” Skylar said immediately. 
She believed that Felicia was targeting Charles because of the accident. Otherwise, this was too much of a coincidence. 
Freddie stood a distance from them. He couldn’t hear what they were saying. 
He kept thinking about how he could salvage the situation. Some of his seniors had advised him to resign himself to the situation. 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
###chapter728
As night fell, Charles continued to go viral online. Freddie knew that they might not be able to undo the damage that had been done. All his seniors had told him that a legal letter wouldn’t help. No one would even notice. 
Felicia’s public relations team and the people she’d hired to tarnish Joe’s name were too powerful. They had no way to fight back. 
They had to face reality. 
The compensation that Charles would need to pay would exhaust his savings. However, they couldn’t tell him that. 
Freddie glanced at the calm siblings. For some reason, Freddie felt they had a chance to turn the situation around. 
It seemed like an impossible task in the entertainment industry. Everyone who’d undergone something like this had been banished from the 
entertainment industry. Most of them had gone back to their blue–collar jobs. 
At this moment, Freddie received a call from Benjamin, their CEO. 
“Mr. Morris!” 
Freddie had called Benjamin multiple times. However, he didn’t pick up. 
Freddie had thought they were done for. Who knew that Benjamin would call him? 
“You got Jacky Lourdes to be your lawyer?” Benjamin was clearly dumbfounded. 
Freddie asked, “Who’s Jacky Lourdes?” 
He glanced at Skylar. That must be the lawyer she’d found. If he could surprise Benjamin, it probably meant he was a skilled lawyer. He wasn’t some nobody by the roadside. 
Benjamin asked, “Doesn’t Charles come from an ordinary background? How did you get Jacky to appear in his name? Has Charles kept his background from you?” 
Freddie was dumbstruck. He could only stare at the siblings. 
Charles was staring at the ground. He was clearly in a bad mood. However, Skylar glanced over at him when he picked up the call. 
Skylar was prettier than any actress he’d seen in the industry. She seemed to be wholly unambitious. Yet, she had a piercing gaze. She seemed to know 
what made people tick 
Freddie thought that Charles might not come from a formidable background. However, Skylar definitely did 
I’m not really sure. We did contact a lawyer in the afternoon.” 
Benjamin was silent for a moment. Then he said. “We might be able to put the genie back into the bottle. I’ll give you the password to Charles‘ Instagram account. Do with it what you must 
“What? Alright. Thanks, Mr. Moms Freddie’s jaw dropped 
Freddie felt like he was in a drearn even after the call had ended. Once he reacted, he told Charles, “Mr. Morris has given us clearance to log into your Instagram account. You can speak up for yourself now 
He turned to Skylar and asked, “is Mr. Lourdes a great lawyer? It seems like Mr Morris knows him.” 
After all, Skylar had contacted the lawyer 
Skylar nodded and replied, “I thank Mr Lourdes is an excellent lawyer. He helped me through a few sticky situations” 
Freddie said hurriedly. “Oh, that’s great. Should we ask your PR team to help us write an announcement to post on instagram? 
They couldn’t publish such announcements as they pleased Mistakes were easily made, and when that happened, it would be too late to regret. 
When Charles heard the great news, his eyes lit up. He asked, “When did Mr 
Morris become such a kind man?” 
Freddie was confused as well. He said, “I’m not sure why he’s become so kind It might be because we found a lawyer. He thinks that it’ll help. After all, you’re a capable actor who would’ve had a promising future. Mr. Morris is a businessman. He wouldn’t want to give you up that easily if he could avoid it 
###chapter729
Charles raised a brow. He wasn’t that full of himself. It was likely because Skylar had found Jacky to be his lawyer. 
“I’ll ask the PR team about it. Don’t post the announcement just yet,” Skylar said calmly. 
“What? Alright!” Freddie immediately agreed. 
He felt Skylar would be able to resolve their crisis. She was unruffled and unhurried, more like Charles‘ agent than Freddie. 
Charles hadn’t noticed how he immediately believed and supported Skylar after hearing her proposal. When he picked up on it, he realized that Skylar had indeed grown up. She could help him solve his problems now. 
As Skylar and Paul discussed the contents of Charles‘ announcements, Paul asked Sarah to text Skylar. Her first message read, “Nice to meet you, Mrs. Martin.” 
When Skylar saw how Sarah had greeted her, she realized that more people were finding out about her marriage to Joe. 
“I would advise against making any posts now. I’ve planned a few waves of retaliation against them. I just want to know your preference, Mrs. Martin. Do you want to allow Felicia to remain in the entertainment industry?” 
Skylar replied, “Felicia is supported by powerful people behind the scenes. If we target her like that, will we bring trouble to Martin Group?” 
Skylar certainly hoped that Felicia wouldn’t be able to continue making a mess of the industry. After all, she was a hypocritical woman who tried to frame committed actors. 
Sarah said, “The entire Ingram family isn’t powerful enough to trouble us, let alone Felicia herself.” 
Skylar responded, “Alright.” 
“I’m going to go for it. When it’s time to post an Instagram story, I’ll inform you. We’ll send you the complete statement after it’s done.” 
224 
Skylar looked up to see Charles and Freddie gazing at her intently. She said, ” Post the story later. The PR team will send us the statement. Our job now is just to wait.” 
“Um… Will we be able to turn the tables? I believe that Charles would be able to 
return to his previous glory as long as he has the chance to audition,” Freddie said. He thought that this would be the best outcome they could achieve. 
It was a much better outcome than using all of Charles‘ savings to repay his debt. The difference was like day and night. 
Charles shrugged and remarked, “Even if you asked me to be an extra, I’d go with it.” 
He was already imagining his future as a farmer. 
Skylar knew of Sarah’s capabilities. However, the situation was developing rapidly, and she couldn’t put too much hope into it. 
“Let’s hope that that’ll be the case,” said Skylar lightly. 
After a while, Benjamin called Freddie again. He asked, “Why haven’t you posted on Instagram?” 
Freddie was still extremely confused. He said, “We’re not in a hurry. We’ll wait and observe the situation.” 
Why was Benjamin displaying so much concern over them? 
He said, “Oh, alright.” 
Freddie had no idea why Benjamin was calling. Was it just to ask him about what was happening? 
When Adele saw Jacky’s post, she was terrified. She said, “How would Charles know Mr. Lourdes? Everyone online wants Charles beat to a pulp. Why would he take his case up? I’ve heard that Mr. Lourdes never accepts cases with which he’s unconfident. If he takes the case, he’ll win for sure.” 
###chapter730
“Jacky Lourdes? Are you sure?” 
Felicia immediately checked her Instagram. She’d taken a break from scrolling on her phone. Had something happened in such a short span of time? 
How could it be Jacky? He seldom participated in the affairs of the 
entertainment industry. That being said, the lawyers in his firm would take up these cases. 
Adele nodded fervently and said, “At the start, I wasn’t quite sure. I did a bit of research and looked at his profile in detail. It is indeed Jacky’s account. Many professionals in the legal industry follow him. After he posted, public opinion had slightly leaned in Charles‘ favor. Some even believe he was being framed!” 
Adele was losing her composure. Felicia wasn’t faring too well either. Her fingers flew across the screen. However, the color drained from her face when she saw Jacky’s message. 
“It really is Mr. Lourdes!” 
“Who knew Charles would find a solution? He’s capable of hiring Mr. Lourdes… Do you think this might be because of Skylar? Skylar must’ve begged Mr. Martin for help. 
“Skylar’s tone was extremely firm in that message to you. It looks like Mr. Martin has helped her.” As Adele spoke, her expression turned somber. 
If Martin Group interfered, they were screwed. Felicia had also thought of Adele’s concerns. 
Felicia’s expression soured. She insisted, “Skylar must’ve begged Mr. Martin. Why else would he help her?” 
Adele had no idea what to do next. She asked, “What should we do now?” 
She received many calls. 
Felicia’s entertainment company belonged to her own family. Felicia had the final say in any decisions made. She could do anything she wanted. Everyone catered to her whims. Because of this, she was a tyrant in the entertainment industry. 
Thus, the employees had their knickers in a twist. They’d faced off people who came from nothing, whether male or female. None of them would get into 
Felicia’s good books. 
This time, they were facing off against Jacky, who might’ve even had Martin Group backing him up. 
Felicia bit her lip and said, “Don’t worry. It isn’t a catastrophic development. Perhaps Skylar is sleeping with Jacky now. No matter how powerful he might be, he won’t be able to direct public opinion like we can. 
“I don’t think Mr. Martin will allow Skylar to get her way. He has helped her once. Would he help her family again? We all know that Mr. Martin is a ruthless man. He won’t interfere with these matters.” 
Adele received calls one after another. As she dealt with them, Felicia looked 
at the comments on her Instagram. 
Due to Jacky’s post, many famous bloggers had shut their mouths. Some even deleted their posts. They returned the money she’d paid as they were scared that they’d be churned into a hurricane of trouble. 
Jacky’s name was like an incantation. 
Suddenly, Adele screamed, “Why has so much news about you been posted online? Come take a look, Felicia!” 
She immediately stood up and said, “Show me!” 
Felicia hadn’t seen anything just now while she was scrolling through Instagram. What scandals could they have exposed? 
“It’s on TikTok. They were posted by official accounts a few minutes ago. It hasn’t been posted on Instagram. These people… All of them had offended you in the past. Most of them returned to their blue–collar jobs. How dare they? They recorded videos of themselves explaining what had happened!” Adele widened her eyes in horror. 
Everything they said was true. 
They hadn’t the chance to complain about Felicia. Even if they could, TikTok would restrict their views. It wouldn’t cause any ripples in the industry. Someone was clearly pushing it behind the scenes. This was an operation targeting Felicia. 
Felicia trembled. She screamed, “They’re crazy! Do they think they’ll be able to destroy my future just like this? Dream on.” 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
###chapter731
Suddenly, the doorbell rang. Freddie jumped. 
He glanced at Skylar and Charles. He said, “Have the journalists barged in? That doesn’t make sense. They don’t have the access card needed for the elevator. They shouldn’t be able to come up. Did one of our neighbors bring them here? I’ll take a look. We mustn’t open the door for anyone.” 
He looked out through the peephole, only to see a handsome face staring back at him. He was even hotter than Charles. 
Did the paparazzi look this good? He seemed rather terrifying! 
It was as though he could see Freddie looking at him through the peephole. Freddie’s heart skipped a beat as a chill traveled down his spine. 
He said, “There’s a stranger outside alone. It’s so weird. He’s extremely handsome. In addition, he’s not carrying a camera. Is he on a covert operation?” 
Charles disregarded it. He said, “It will be fine as long as you don’t open the door.” 
Freddie nodded and agreed, “I won’t open it.” 
Skylar accepted a call from Joe. He instructed coldly, “Open the door.” 
Skyla looked up and said, “It’s fine. You can open it.” 
“What?” Freddie was stunned. 
Charles was surprised as well. He asked, “Do you know the person outside?” 
“You know him as well. It’s Joe,” replied Skylar as she walked over. 
Freddie had been high–strung throughout the day, so his slow reaction did not come as a surprise. Skylar opened the door. She wasn’t expecting Joe to show 
1. up. 
Charles was dumbfounded. “Joe?” 
Skylar opened the door. “How did you come in?” She hadn’t told him Charles‘ address. 
In adr on, Paul had told her that Joe was busy that day. He must’ve just got 
off work. Joe must’ve come here straight away. 
“Charles‘ boss led me here.” 
Skylar was unsurprised by his answer. Then, she looked through the shelves to get him some slippers. 
Freddie still hadn’t come to terms with the situation. He couldn’t quite see a clear image through the peephole. After Joe walked in, Freddie felt like Joe was somewhat familiar. Also, what did Joe mean when he said Charles‘ boss led the way? 
Was it Benjamin? That couldn’t be the case. He was the vice president. Andy Watson was the president. Had Andy brought him over? 
What kind of man was Joe? 
A question glinted in his eyes as he stared at Skylar. For some reason, his brain was moving sluggishly. He must’ve seen Joe before. However, he had no idea where. Freddie would expect
himself to remember such a handsome man. Why was the memory evading him? It was as though his brain was lagging 
###chapter732
Was it someone from Freddie’s workplace? That was highly unlikely. If Joe was from their office, there was no way Freddie wouldn’t remember him. In addition, hadn’t he said that their president took him over? 
Freddie felt like screaming in frustration. The more he tried to dig up the memory, the more it evaded him. 
Charles said apologetically to Joe, “I’m sorry. I’ve caused you so much trouble.” 
Joe’s response was calm. They couldn’t get a read on his emotions. He said, ” It’s not your fault. I’ve already found out why it happened.” 
“Did you run into the paparazzi while you were coming up?” Skylar was somewhat worried as she observed Joe. She was terrified that they would make up ridiculous stories about him upon catching sight of Joe. 
Joe sat down and replied, “There are no paparazzi downstairs anymore.” 
“They’re gone?” Skylar blinked. Then, she ran toward the window and looked outside. As Joe had said, the paparazzi had indeed left. 
Freddie didn’t quite believe it. Those paparazzi were waiting to get a picture of Charles. Why would they leave just like that? Even if it was dinnertime now, they wouldn’t have gone, would they? 
As he wondered about it, Andy called Freddie. That had never happened before. 
“Fred, you’re a lucky guy,” Andy said passionately. 
For a moment, Freddie felt like Andy was his friend. However, he knew that Andy was an arrogant man. He would never converse with a subordinate so casually. 
Andy’s kindness dumbfounded him. He asked, “What? Lucky? Mr. Watson, I don’t understand what you’re getting at.” 
Freddie was an honest man. If he had no idea what was going on, he wouldn’t pretend otherwise. 
The first actor he’d ever managed independently was currently embroiled in a massive scandal. No one would hire him in the future. How could he be lucky? 
“Take care of Charles well. If anything happens to him, come to me directly. I’ll do my best to give Charles the best opportunities available. You look like a dumb guy. Who knew that dumb people would get lucky? In addition, sing our praises in front of Charles. This time, we’ve been lacking in our retaliation. Mr. Morris will provide Charles with an explanation,” said Andy. As he spoke, his tone sweetened toward the end. 
When Freddie heard that, he finally realized what was going on. He glanced at Skylar, who was sitting beside Joe. He felt as though a bomb had gone off in 
his brain. 
He remembered! Joe was the CEO of Martin Group. 
Charles couldn’t have been referring to Joe Martin when he spoke about his brother–in–law, could he? 
How could it be? Was Skylar a goddess? 
The three others in the room hadn’t noticed Freddie’s stupefied expression. They continued chatting leisurely. 
First, Skylar asked Joe whether he was hungry. Then, she asked Charles whether he had anything in the refrigerator. 
Charles was a little too embarrassed to look at them. He answered, “I spend most of my time on set. I don’t really cook at home, so I don’t have any food. I think there’s only some instant pasta and milk.” 
“Would instant pasta do?” Skylar asked Joe. 
He nodded. 
Charles stood up and suggested, “This is the first time you guys have visited me. I’ll cook.” 
Freddie trailed after Charles into the kitchen. He felt like he was still in a dream. 
When they entered the kitchen, Freddie gathered the courage to ask, “Is Joe the man I’m thinking of? Wait, no. Are you going to give the CEO of Martin Group instant pasta?” 
###chapter733
Charles ignored Freddie’s earlier questions. He answered his last question with, “I’ll prepare a few flavors, so he has a few options.” 
“No, this isn’t about flavors. Is he really Joe Martin?” Freddie felt like he was living in a dreamland. 
Hadn’t Charles told him that he wasn’t from a powerful family? He’d been acting as an extra in many movies but was still a D–list actor, even after all these years. 
When did he get to know Joe? 
“Yeah,” Charles replied dismissively. 
He had a range of pasta flavors stocked in his cupboard. He took one of every flavor. 
Freddie stood by the kitchen door and looked into the living room. 
Once Joe was left alone with Skylar, his icy expression melted. Freddie had no idea what they were talking about, but he could tell that her words were putting him in a good mood. 
Magic. This had to be magic! A guy that Freddie had only heard in the news. was now the brother– in–law of the actor he managed. 
Skylar glanced at her phone. Natalie had sent videos of a few people standing up to defend Charles. They revealed Felicia’s true colors. It wasn’t a singular occurrence. Dozens of people were voicing out. 
“Skylar, I’ve forgotten that Joe is your husband. No one can hold a flame to the PR team of Martin Group. They’re awesome! Mr. Powell commented that finding all these people within a day was an
impossible task no one else had ever managed to achieve. How impressive.” 
After Skylar replied to Natalie’s text, she looked at Joe and said, “Sorry for the inconvenience, but thank you either way.” 
Skylar’s courtesy caused Joe’s eyes to darken. 
Everyone was astounded by how matters were developing. They weren’t expecting such a plot twist. 
few celebrities who’d disappeared from public view for no apparent reason explained why they had done so. They described how Felicia had bullied them. 
New information kept popping up. One couldn’t finish a video before another popped up. 
Charles had originally been the eye of the hurricane. Now, he was no longer their focus. 
However, there were still numerous fans of Felicia’s who were defending her. 
Many people also said they were waiting for Charles‘ response. 
However, the number of people coming forward was increasing exponentially. In addition, some of the brands who’d announced the cancellation of their partnership with Charles had deleted their announcement posts. It was unclear what was going on. 
Then, Charles posted a story describing what had happened. He asked the people who’d filmed or taken pictures of them to submit it as evidence. This would prove that he wasn’t telling lies. They would also take legal action against those who’d filmed them secretly. 
Charles‘ strongly worded post changed public opinion entirely. 
Everyone commented on Felicia’s post and questioned her about what happened. 
Felicia’s PR team was working overtime. 
In the end, Adele said helplessly, “Martin Group’s PR team were the ones who retaliated against us. In addition, they were supported by a lawyer, not to mention those groups of people speaking out against you. Even if we hired influencers to speak for you, it wouldn’t help.” 
It was 8:00 pm when the tables had finally turned on their advantageous situation. 
Felicia was pale when she asked, “Are you sure it’s Martin Group’s PR team? Why would they participate in matters of the entertainment industry?” 
Adele had no idea: She replied, “We can’t figure that out either, Ms. Ingram. Many brands have announced they want to break their collaboration contracts with you. The situation does not look promising. Prepare yourself for the worst, Ms. Ingram.” 
They weren’t clear regarding the situation. However, Adele knew. Her predictions had come true. 
Adele exclaimed, “Skylar’s too capable.” 
Felicia bit her lip and said, “I have Rowan and Mr. Ziegler’s number. I’ll ask them to help me arrange a meeting with Joe. Perhaps he’ll stop helping Charles and Skylar after seeing me.” 
###chapter734
Ten minutes later, Felicia trembled as she was blocked by Rowan and Paul after asking them for help. 
“What’s going on? Will they help you contact Mr. Martin?” asked Adele hesitantly. 
Felicia had paled even further. 
Adele peeked at Felicia’s phone. After doing so, the color drained from her face 
too. 
“Blocked? Did Paul and Rowan block you? Didn’t you say that Skylar was Joe’s replacement for you? At this point, shouldn’t he be looking for you? Have we been mistaken?” Adele asked, dumbfounded. 
Based on how Joe was helping Charles turn the tables, it didn’t seem like he was treating Skylar as anyone’s replacement. 
Felicia froze. Then, she stuttered, “H–How would I know?” 
At some point, Adele began believing that Joe treated Skylar as a poor substitute for Felicia. She thought that he liked Skylar because of her. 
After calming down, Felicia reflected on her meetings with Joe. She could count on one hand the number of times they’d met, and he didn’t seem to care much about her every time they met. 
She didn’t even have his number. 
Felicia felt as though someone had tipped a bucket of icy water over her. She 
woke up. 
“If we can’t handle this, y–you’ll have to leave the entertainment industry.” 
Felícía lost her footing and crumpled to the floor. 
Thankfully, Adele caught her in time, so she didn’t make an impact. In times of misfortune, bad things happen one after another. 
Felicia’s jaw dropped open when her father, Quentin Ingram, called. She stiffly accepted the call. When he began screaming, Felicia froze. Adele was surprised too. 
“Look at what you’ve done! We did ask you to get into Joe’s good books if the opportunity presented itself. We weren’t asking you to offend him. We’ve all heard that he’s gotten a lover. He adores her. How dare you oppose her! Are you trying to make us meet our demise, Silver family–style?” 
Felicia was speechless. She was terrified. This has woken her from her 
delusions. 
After Quentin hung up, Felicia hastily grabbed Adele’s hands and said, “Hurry up and contact Charles by whatever means possible!” 
Skylar and Joe left Charles‘ apartment after finishing their instant pasta. 
The second they got into the car, paparazzi appeared from their hiding places. They fervently took pictures of their vehicle. 
She was sitting in the middle seat. However, she was still photographed. 
After they drove away, Skylar immediately asked Joe, “Are they going to post what they photographed?” 
Night had fallen, and they were in a car. The lighting was horrible. From where they’d been standing, they could only capture blurry side profiles of Skylar and Joe. However, their acquaintances would definitely be able to recognize them. 
Naturally, Joe would be the first to be recognized. 
Joe observed Skylar’s concerned expression. He thought she was scared that others would find out about their relationship. His eyes darkened as he 
assured, “They wouldn’t dare to publish the pictures.” 
Skylar sighed in relief. 
Upon seeing that, Joe’s face fell. 
“You…” Skylar noticed his change of emotions. 
Why had his mood soured at the drop of a hat? 
Joe looked down at Skylar and commented, “You treat your family with the utmost care.” 
She was so much more concerned for them than for Joe.
###chapter735
“They deserve it.” 
With that, Joe said nothing more. Charles and Steven had taken care of Skylar meticulously, terrified that Joe would bully her. 
They worked hard and did their best to climb up the corporate ranks. Perhaps they wanted to afford their family members the privilege of standing up 
straight in the face of others‘ doubt. 
When they were about to arrive at Galaxy Villa, Joe picked up a call. 
Skylar heard him mention a high school reunion. It would happen tonight on a yacht. She looked down and thought of Vera. 
Joe didn’t ponder about it for long. He accepted the invitation within seconds. 
In response, Skylar sighed imperceptibly. She said, “Drop me off here. The roads are busy now. I can catch a cab.” 
“There’s no need to do that. I’ll take you home,” said Joe. 
She didn’t insist otherwise. 
Joe sent her back home. He watched her walk in before asking Lucas to drive 
off. 
Skylar walked in and turned the lights on. Standing in the gigantic mansion, a sense of loneliness overcame her. Thankfully, she shook herself out of it immediately. 
Charles couldn’t sleep. 
Freddie was picking out his next acting gig. 
A few directors had sought him out. The company had also allocated several 
roles for him. 
Charles knew why this was happening. It was because of Joe. 
As a result, Charles hesitated. He did not know whether to seize the 
opportunity, but he only wavered for a second. 
Chapea 
He had to seize it and climb up the ranks of actors. He could only become Skylar’s beam of support when he became a lauded actor in the industry. When that happened, she wouldn’t need to fear any challenges in her way. 
He had to milk this opportunity for all it was worth. 
“Let’s go through them one by one and pick out the better ones.” 
Freddie nodded. He rubbed his palms together and announced, “This time, we’re going to do something big.” 
He wanted to shape Charles into an award–winning actor! 
After a while, Freddie checked his phone. There were many missed calls. All of 
them were from Adele. 
He pursed his lips and complained, “How dare Adele contact us? Look at how they’ve been behaving. I did my research and found that they had played a massive part in making this go viral. They also hired a bunch of influencers to vouch for them. They were doing everything they could to destroy you and banish you from the entertainment industry. 
“Now, the truth has emerged. Many people have provided evidence for it. Felicia can forget about continuing her path in the entertainment industry.” 
“Block her. There’s no need to accept any of their calls,” instructed Charles coldly. 
He wasn’t one to harm others unprovoked. However, he wasn’t saintly enough. to forgive people who’d wronged him. 
“That’s exactly what I was planning to do. Jeez! Who do they think they are?” Freddie blocked Adele immediately. 
No matter who Felicia contacted, she ended up being blocked. No one paid her any attention. Even the journalists she’d been working with ignored her. They were afraid that trouble would descend upon them if they did. 
In the end, Jenny was the only one who called her back. 
Felicia had been lucky enough to contact Jenny through a friend. They knew that she’d been adopted by Joe, and he treated her well. 
###chapter736
“Why have you sought me out?” Jenny asked coldly. 
Jenny knew what had happened to Felicia in the morning. 
The industry had been rife with gossip about them. When night fell, Felicia had become the butt of the joke! 
Jenny had to be an idiot if she couldn’t guess why Felicia called her. 
Felicia said, “I would like to ask for your help. Could you vouch for me in front of Mr. Martin? I didn’t know Charles was related to Skylar. As a result, I offended him unknowingly. It was my mistake. I hope Mr. Martin can give me a second chance.” 
Jenny chuckled lightly and asked, “How important do you think Skylar is to Joe? 
“From this incident, I can tell that Skylar is certainly quite important to him. However, I don’t think Mr. Martin’s concern for her is near his concern for you.” Felicia guessed that this was what Jenny wanted to hear. 
Women understood each other best. 
The appearance of another woman in Joe’s life wasn’t good for Jenny at all. 
Why else would she allow others to spread rumors about her and Joe? 
If Felicia hadn’t encountered such a situation, she wouldn’t have subjected herself to the torture of saying such things to Jenny. 
Felicia hadn’t guessed wrongly. When she heard Skylar’s name, her face twisted into a grotesque expression. The flames of jealousy licked at her heart. 
No one knew that Joe and Skylar were married besides Jenny and some of the 
Martins. 
Did this mean that Joe didn’t care about Skylar as much as she thought he did? 
“Don’t speak such nonsense. Joe raised me. Our relationship is nothing like what you’ve heard in those rumors. 
‘As to what you’re begging me to do, I can tell you right now that there’s no way 
to salvage the situation. No one can change Joe’s decision once he makes it. It would be more effective to plead for Skylar’s mercy However, I think you’ve seriously wronged Skylar. She. Anyway, the Ingrams are a powerful family. You don’t have to give in to Skylar. I’m extremely busy. Goodbye.” 
Felicia was furious. She launched her phone to the other side of the room. 
“She’s only a nanny’s daughter. How dare she tell me what to do? She’s making fun of me, isn’t she? I was respecting her by calling her. It looks like she doesn’t want my respect!” 
Adele was terrified. She dared not say a word. 
Quentin had ordered Felicia to leave the entertainment industry. If she didn’t, they would be going against Joe’s wishes. 
The Martin family had been rooted in Jipsburg for decades. They couldn’t offend Joe. 
They had underestimated Skylar and overestimated themselves. 
Joe didn’t come home for the night. He must’ve slept on the yacht. 
After Skylar woke up, she ate a simple breakfast before going through the 
news. 
The entertainment industry ostracized Felicia. All the brands she’d partnered with had broken off their partnership. The movies she’d acted in had declared that her viewpoints had nothing to do with them. People were searching online for “Felicia’s true colors“. 
The people who Felicia had blacklisted had begun speaking out on social media. Some even thanked Charles. They said that his situation had ignited a yearning in them to rebel against the capitalists who were suppressing them. 
Charles‘ crisis had been successfully resolved. 
As Skylar closed her Instagram app, Natalie video–called her. 
“Skye, you don’t need to worry about this anymore. Felicia has been blacklisted entirely. You have no idea how many people she had wronged. Many directors and producers are celebrating the fact that she got chased out of the entertainment industry. They complained about how she did whatever she 
wanted at all times. She didn’t display even a smidge of professionalism.” 
Skylar put her phone away and sipped at her freshly brewed tea. She said, ‘ Yeah, I’m not worried anymore.” 
11 
“Everything turns out well when you have powerful people at your helm. You’ve definitely conquered Joe by conquering that dick of his. Why else would he make his team handle this so quickly? They took advantage by being early to the battle. Other PR teams wouldn’t manage it.” 
Skylar’s smile froze on her face. However, it faded in seconds. Natalie didn’t notice it. 
She changed the topic soon. 
“Are you free? Why don’t we go out together?” 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
###chapter737
Natalie giggled. She said, “I’m free. Mr. Powell isn’t working, so I’m on leave. However, I was scared you and Joe wanted to enjoy some alone time with each other, which is why I didn’t ask you out. Does that mean you have time to spend with me today?” 
She seemed to be acting like how she did in university, Skylar was overjoyed to see that 
Natalie continued, “Of course. Let’s have lunch together. I’ve just gotten my salary. It’ll be my treat this time!” 
Half an hour later, Skylar hailed a cab and left Galaxy Villa. 
After having lunch with Natalie, she would head to a car dealership to pick out 
a car 
At a junction, her cab was parked beside a brightly–colored sports car as they waited for the light to turn green. 
The convertible’s driver was a woman wearing a crimson spaghetti–strap dress. Her hair was down to her waist, and her beauty was downright blinding. The man in the passenger’s seat had a flawless side profile. Although he seemed unapproachable, he held himself with poise and elegance. 
They looked like a couple made in heaven. 
Skylar felt as though someone had clenched her heart in their hands. She’d sunk into agony. From her reflection in her window, Skylar could see the color drain from her face. 
The cab driver commented, “Love is a game for the rich! They look gorgeous together.” 
Indeed, one could feel the sparks flying between the couple at a glance. 
If it had been anyone else in the convertible, Skylar might’ve taken another peep at them. However, Joe and Vera were the ones in the convertible. 
Skylar’s heart sank. 
Thankfully, the light turned green. 
Chaping 737 
As the car started moving, she glanced over. 
Coincidentally, Vera said something to Joe. Whatever she’d said, it made Joe 
smile. 
Even while they were cruising on the waves of ecstasy in bed, Skylar had never seen Joe smile like that. 
Skylar now understood why Vera was so forcefl back in the museum’s 
parking lot when she ordered Skylar not to tak .at car. 
It had been the same model as hers but in a different color. 
Skylar felt suffocated. She wound the window down. 
The cab driver continued to sigh, “I had a great love in my youth. What a pity. I was poor and couldn’t afford to buy the house. In the end, I could only marry my wife as arranged by my family. Now, our lives are filled with nothing but struggle.” 
He envied the passionate youth of these young people. They basked in the love of the ages. 
Skylar wasn’t in the mood to give him a response. 
He seemed to pick up on the shift in her mood. He quieted down and drove silently. 
When they eventually arrived, Skylar had regained control over her emotions. 
When Natalie got off the train to meet her, there seemed to be nothing off about her anymore. 
“Come. I’ll treat you to a feast!” Natalie slung an arm around Skylar. 
###chapter738
Skylar was still recovering from her injury. She was scared that it would leave a scar. Thus, they picked a casual restaurant with mild–tasting dishes. In 
addition, they loved chicken soup. 
“Do you have any engagements after lunch” asked Skylar. 
Natalie shook her head and said, “Nope.” 
“In that case, come shopping with me. I would like to purchase a car.” 
*Alright, I also wanted to get one. Taking a cab all the time isn’t convenient. Sometimes, I need to trouble Mr. Powell, so he sends me home after working till late at night. It might not be safe to take a cab. I do need a car.” 
They agreed with each other immediately. 
Natalie could tell that Skylar was distracted. Thus, she didn’t ask what had injured Skylar or why her car bad wrecked 
Initially, she thought Joe cared about Skylar. Now, it looked like their relationship had a few problems. 
As they left the restaurant, they ran into Jeremy, Rowan, and their friends. Solar knew every single one of them. She covertly observed Jeremy’s expression upon seeing Natalie. 
Roman touched his nose. He stared at Jeremy and Natalie. In the end, he turned to Soylar. He’d been wanting to ask Skylar something but hadn’t found a 
chance 
Athough he’d run into her here, it wasn’t an appropriate time to ask. 
The three men beside them were intelligent men. When Jeremy and Rowan were silent, they kept their mouths shut too. They did not address Natalie as Mrs. Hughes, nor did they say hi to Skylar 
Rowan talked about Joe and Skylar from time to time. They could tell that his love for her was sincere. However, all of them knew that Vera had returned. Who knew whether Joe had changed his target? 
Jeremy gazed at Natalie, a complicated mix of emotions swirling in his eyes, 
Chauth 796 
Upon seeing Jeremy, Natalie’s smile froze on her face. 
Ever since they’d parted ways at the courtroom, they hadn’t seen each other. When Natalie called her parents, they wouldn’t bring Jeremy up. In addition, Natalie had been busy with work recently. It kept her from thinking about Jeremy. She was scared she’d beat herself up over it. 
The desire to escape burned within Natalie. 
“Were you guys having lunch just now?” Jerem they hadn’t gotten divorced. 
ked gently. It was as though 
Skylar immediately glanced at Natalie. She paled slightly. Still, Natalie managed to force a slight smile and said, “Yeah, we just finished lunch.” 
Anyone with eyes could see that Natalie was keeping her distance from Jeremy. Naturally, Jeremy picked up on it. His eyes darkened. He nodded and said nothing more. – 
Natalie hooked an arm in Skylar’s, and they walked to the roadside. 
Skylar nodded at Jeremy and Rowan. Then, she followed Natalie over and hailed a cab. 
Jeremy watched Natalie get into the cab. From the second they met till she left, Natalie didn’t even spare him a glance. It was as though she didn’t want to see him at all. 
Rowan scratched his nose and gave his friends meaningful glances. They got into their respective cars and went home. 
Then, Rowan asked Jeremy, “One of my friends working at the courtroom told me that you and Natalie have gotten a divorce. Is that true?” 
When he’d first caught wind of it, Rowan didn’t dare to ask. 
After seeing their dynamics, Rowan believed that they’d gotten a divorce. 
It looked like Natalie had found out about Annabelle. She couldn’t live with it and divorced Jeremy. 
###chapter739
However, Jeremy didn’t seem like he’d gotten over Natalie. 
Jeremy hummed softly in response. 
Rowan widened his eyes and s Have you really divorced her? I heard that Natalie has become the assistant to some celebrity. Back then, I thought they were just unfounded rumors. So it isn’t just hearsay, right?” 
Natalie had given up too quickly. Countless women lined up to marry Jeremy, and some were willing to be his mistress, too. Yet, Natalie had divorced him at the drop of the hat. She’d even become an actor’s assistant. It explained why Jeremy seemed to be still hung up on her. 
“Don’t ask me about things you shouldn’t be sticking your nose into. We will get remarried,” Jeremy stated. He watched the cab stopped at a traffic light. He would give her more time. 
Rowan’s eyes widened. He asked, “You’re not joking, are you?” 
Were they going to get remarried after a divorce? 
He recalled how devoted Jeremy had been to Natalie before Annabelle came into the picture. His loyalty to Natalie was unshaken. The lustful behavior of the people around him didn’t interest him at all. 
Why had he slept with Annabelle if he couldn’t let Natalie go? 
Rowan didn’t understand and didn’t think he would come up with a reasonable explanation either. 
Jeremy didn’t offer a reply. He turned and got into his car. 
The corner of Rowan’s lips twitched. How boring. He was faring much better, as he had married a woman he didn’t quite like. They got along swimmingly in bed. As to everything else… he didn’t need it. 
It saved him the embarrassment of turning out like Jeremy. He was stuck in an awkward situation. He retrieved his phone and called Joe. 
“I would like Skylar to help me with something. I’m just giving you a heads–up. I’ll call her to ask about it when I’m free.” 
Joe seemed to be busy with something. Suddenly, Rowan heard a familiar voice ask, “Why don’t we go back to school to take a look?” 
Rowan’s eyes widened. He asked, “Are you with Vera now?” 
Everyone had a great time on the yacht, reconnecting with each other last night. A lot of high–school classmates eventually became university 
classmates, and most of them stayed in Jipsburg. They’d grown up together. Naturally, they had a ball of a time. 
However, Joe hadn’t paid much att on to Vera last night. Yet, they were going out together today. What abou. Skylar? 
Rowan felt bad for Skylar. Skylar had left a good impression on him in the handful of times they’d met. 
Joe merely hummed and replied, “You should call her directly.” 
Rowan didn’t ask any other questions. He hung up. 
Did Skylar know about Vera? Would she get jealous if she knew Joe had gone out with Vera? 
Either way, this wasn’t an issue he needed to worry about. Rowan didn’t have the guts to tell Skylar what he’d discovered. After all, Joe had just helped Skylar settle Charles‘ problems. 
Skylar and Natalie were silent in the car. 
Natalie was lost in her thoughts, and so was Skylar. 
However, they were adept at cheering themselves up. When they eventually got to the dealership, they made eye contact and smiled, understanding what the other was going through. 
“As women, we mustn’t mistreat ourselves, right? Let’s buy a nice car!” Natalie exclaimed with a grin. 
Skylar agreed. She added, “Let’s go! We’ll pick a gorgeous one!” 
They couldn’t rely on men, but money would always be there for them! 
After getting her car, Skylar would go back to work tomorrow. 
When night fell, Skylar returned to Galaxy Villa. 
Joe still hadn’t come home. 
###chapter740
When Skylar got back to her room, she dug out their marriage contract. She’d never gone through it in detail. Joe must’ve considered various possibilities and outcomes while drafting the contract. 
Now that Skylar had read through the contract, she realized that Joe had buried a hope that his first love would return to his side. 
He would terminate the contract and compensate Skylar for it. She couldn’t find fault in it, nor was she looking for any pholes. 
She thought Joe would be terminating the contract early, so Skylar took the contract out so she could pass it on to him when the time came. 
Their divorce would probably happen in the next few days. 
Around 9:00 pm, Skylar took a shower and got ready for bed. 
Suddenly, Joe arrived home, reeking of alcohol. He gazed at Skylar deeply, albeit a little out of focus. As he walked into the bathroom for a shower, he said to Skylar, “Wait for me.” 
Skylar did exactly that. 
A day was enough for her to prepare herself mentally. 
Their divorce didn’t warrant any complicated procedures. They merely needed to go to the courthouse to have it officiated. 
Joe showered quickly. He came out after ten minutes. He’d taken his suit off. He only had a towel around his waist now. 
Desire glinted in his dark eyes as he stared at Skylar. 
However, Skylar wasn’t looking at him. She was engrossed with her phone. 
He got into bed and leaned over. Skylar could feel his damp skin and smell his body wash. She asked, “What are you looking at?” a 
“Nothing much,” replied Skylar. She put her phone away. 
She had been looking at an entertainment news article. A street photographer had taken a video of Joe and Vera. Due to how gorgeous they both were, the 
picture was making its rounds online. 
Many online users had been astounded by their looks. They commented that other celebrities would be pushed aside if they debuted together. 
They echoed what the cab driver had said the previous day–they were a well- matched couple in a passionate relationship. It was a great love story that regular people could only dream about. 
A few talent scouts had commented on the photographer’s post asking for Joe and Vera’s contact details. 
The online community wasn’t the only one astounded by what they saw, Skylar 
was too. 
Joe put an arm around Skylar’s waist. As he was about to kiss her, Skylar ducked away. 
Skylar was rather confused as she stared at Joe. She asked, “Don’t you have anything to say?” 
“Do I?” Joe raised an eyebrow. How come he had no idea? 
Skylar was silent for a moment. 
Was he still hesitant to make his decision? 
In the face of her silence, Joe picked up on something that was off about her. He asked, “What’s wrong?” 
Skylar banished her thoughts from her mind and turned away from Joe. She replied, “Nothing. I’m tired. I’ll go to sleep now.” 
Joe’s eyes darkened as he stared at Skylar’s back. 
Paul had been waiting for Joe the next day when the latter arrived at the office. 
Upon seeing him, he said, “Mr. Martin, a street photographer filmed you and Ms. Ruell yesterday. It’s going viral. One of my colleagues told me about it. Should I contact the photographer and ask him to take it down?” 
“A street photographer filmed me?” 
###chapter741
“Yeah,” Paul said, pressing play on the video he’d received. 
Although the video lasted only a few seconds, Joe’s and Vera’s faces could be seen clearly. In addition, the photographer added a dreamy filter over the video. It made them look like a couple made in heaven. 
Paul’s jaw dropped open upon seeing the video. He was terrified that Skylar would see it. 
Joe Glenched his jaw. He thought of how Skylar had been lost in thought while staring at her phone. He looked at Vera’s face briefly before instructing, “Get him to delete the video and stop it from going viral.” 
“Alright, I’ll do it now.” 
When he got back to his office, Joe called Skylar. She didn’t pick up. frowned. 
Joe 
Skylar wasn’t ignoring his calls on purpose. She had gone to work. 
During her short break, her colleagues had taken over some of her tasks. However, there were a few that Skylar needed to handle personally, and those had been left unattended. 
Alexander was still worried about her injuries. He only allowed her a few hours by her table before chasing her out of the office. 
After leaving Gardner Group, she saw Joe’s call. 
As she was about to call him back, Rowan called her instead. He said he 
needed her help and hoped she could visit him at his office. 
His office wasn’t far from hers. After hanging up, she forgot to call Joe back. 
Rowan had been waiting for her by the entrance for a while. 
Upon seeing her, the words he’d been wanting to say disappeared 
He came across the video last night. Perhaps Skylar had seen it, too, so he didn’t need to tell her about it. 
“I feel like my dad has been acting off. I don’t go home frequently. A few days ago, I came to work because I had nothing better to do. I entered my dad’s office. It gave me a feeling I couldn’t describe. He’d heard about you from Mr. Gardner Senior and Mr. Querbach. He doesn’t believe in anyone else. He wouldn’t listen to me either. So, I hope you can come over and take a look.” 
Rowan was courteous. 
Skylar was a capable woman. It wasn’t just a superficial boast. 
If George and Alexander praised her, who dared insist otherwise? 
“Alright,” replied Skylar. She nodded solemnly. 
She felt like the puppeteer behind the scenes had recently been pulling his strings at a higher frequency. 
She followed Rowan to his father, Jeremiah Jakeman’s office. 
They ran into a few employees there who were surprised to see her. 
“She’s my friend. Don’t even think about it,” Rowan explained immediately. 
Skylar couldn’t help but giggle. Rowan hadn’t left a good impression on her after their first meeting. However, she found that he clearly expressed his love and hatred for others. He was an interesting man. 
They arrived at Jeremiah’s office. It looked very grand. The placement of every piece of furniture served a purpose. She could tell he had consulted a divination master while designing his office. 
Rowan was somewhat nervous. He asked, “Is there anything wrong with it?” 
As Skylar scanned the room, she asked, “I forgot to ask. Is there anything that has changed apart from the weird feeling his office gives you? For example, did anything out of the ordinary happen to Mr. Jakeman?” 
“Something did happen. My dad talks in his sleep. He also gets a lot of nightmares. When he wakes up, he has no recollection of what happened. My mom told him about it, but he wasn’t bothered by it. 
“However, my mom has been waken up by him frequently. She said that he’d only started having nightmares now. It had never happened in the years they’d been married. What he said wasn’t nonsensical mumbling either. It was as 
though he was.conversing with someone. Other than this, there should be nothing else.” 
Rowan didn’t keep secrets from Skylar. 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
Claim 
###chapter742
Skylar asked, “What did he say? Does she remember?” 
Rowan replied, “She described him talking to someone, saying that he was willing to entrust the happiness of his future generations into the person’s hands. My dad would become his most loyal believer. Sometimes, he would even scream. That’s what he’s been saying for the past few nights. This has scared my mom, but my dad doesn’t remember it at all.” 
Skylar was silent after hearing that. 
“It isn’t a problem, is it?” Rowan had heard what happened to Frank, Harry, and another man. Goosebumps rose on his arms whenever he thought about it. 
If such negative energy clung to their family, would he end up dead too? He was terrified. 
“Don’t scare yourself just yet. Look at this calligraphed quote hanging on the wall. Has it been here all this while?” Skylar asked. She pointed at the canvas hung on the wall. It looked pretty old. 
The word “Belief” was written across the canvas in an elegant, looping script. It was surrounded by tiny inscriptions of the same word. 
One would think it was the work of a skillful writer. At least, others would think 
1. SO. 
“I’m not sure. I feel like it hadn’t been here before. I have other calligraphed quotes like this at home. My dad is an avid collector. I thought he’d written it himself. This canvas isn’t the source of the problem, is it?” asked Rowan, 
slightly spooked. 
He couldn’t see anything weird by looking at the canvas. He didn’t like such cultured activities. Rowan would rather drink wine and flirt with women if he 
had the time. 
As Skylar was about to reply, the office door swung open, and Jeremiah strode 
1. in. 
“Dad!” Rowan greeted. 
Jeremiah glanced at him, displeased. He asked, “Why are you here?” 
His useless son was up to something. 
The corner of Rowan’s lips twitched. He knew Jeremiah looked down upon him. He replied, “I’ve invited Skylar over.” 
“Skylar?” Jeremiah’s eyes lit up. He glanced over at her. He’d thought she was an employee. Awe glinted in his eyes. 
If Alexander and George praised her, she must’ve been excellent at what she 
did. 
“Nice to meet you, Mr. Jakeman. My name is Skylar Sullivan,” she smiled as she introduced herself. 
Jeremiah greeted her with a grin. 
Jeremiah noticed that Skylar had been looking at the calligraphed quote. He walked over while beaming and explained, “I bought it overseas a month ago. I felt like it was destined for me. Look. Every iteration of ‘belief‘ is written differently.” 
The more he explained, the more satisfied he was with it. 
Rowan rolled his eyes. His father was still boasting about it when it might be the source of all their problems. 
Skylar kept smiling. She observed Jeremiah’s eyes. They seemed to be alight with adoration for the painting. If not, he wouldn’t have hung it where he could see it every day. 
It annoyed Rowan. He said, “Dad, stop waxing poetic about it. It might be a problem for us.” 
The more he looked at calligraphed quotes, the more he disliked them. In addition, his dad had spent millions on them. He was more wasteful than 
Rowan. 
Jeremiah glared at him and said, “What nonsense are you going on about? This calligraphed quote is worth millions. How could it be problematic? Do you know how many people came just to look at it? Many of them begged to purchase it from me.” 
“There is indeed something wrong with this painting. Thankfully, Rowan 
noticed it early. If not, you would be saddled with Alzheimer’s or schizophrenia, 
‘Skylar said outright. 
Then, she walked closer to the painting. 
###chapter743
Skylar placed her hand on the caligraphed quote. The history of the artifact came alive in her mind. 
It was a simple word–belief. However, it scrambled people’s brains. Ultimately, they sunk into a world of their imagination, not knowing the difference between reality and dreams. 
Whether they had been an emperor or a knight, the possessors of this canvas ended up with their sanity in shambles. 
Rowan’s expression changed. He exclaimed, “What?” 
Jeremiah was horrified. He asked, “That serious?” 
“Dad, hadn’t you heard what happened to Mr. Solarius Senior and Mr. Doherty Senior? Many of their family members had died! You should’ve heard about 
this from Mr. Gardner Senior!” 
Rowan was afraid Jeremiah wouldn’t believe in Skylar. If he refused to trust her, their family would be screwed! Rowan wasn’t capable enough to manage their assets yet! 
“Stop talking. I want to hear what Skylar has to say.” 
The astonishment on his face hadn’t receded yet. He had heard of what had happened. However, he believed he hadn’t fallen for it since it had not 
happened to him. Did he fall into a trap unknowingly? 
Rowan said nothing more. He waited for Skylar to speak. 
“Mr. Jakeman, where did you purchase it? Do you remember who you bought it from?” asked Skylar. 
Jeremiah frowned and answered, “I can’t recall. I do remember it was an old- man. Weirdly enough, I can’t seem to remember what he looked like.” 
He wasn’t old enough for memory loss. He could remember everything that he needed to manage the company. However, when prompted by Skylar, he realized he couldn’t recall the person’s face. 
Skylar’s expression was grim as she said, “Recently, negative items like this 
have been popping up throughout Jipsburg. It has hurt multiple people. I believe they’re from the same person.” 
“How dare they scheme against me? I’ll send people to seek them out,” roared Jeremiah furiously. 
“It would be like trying to find a needle in a haystack. Mr. Jakeman, just burn this canvas,” said Skylar. 
She would destroy artifacts like this on sight. There was no way she would give them the chance to hurt others.. 
Skylar didn’t know how Viola handled negative items like these. For her, she would destroy it. 
“Will burning it do the job?” asked Jeremiah. 
Rowan was terrified that Jeremiah would regret it. He proposed, “I’ll burn it!” 
“Burn it at noon on the dot,” advised Skylar. 
Jeremiah looked rather pale. He stared at Rowan with the relief of narrowly escaping death. Rowan was taking it down. He said, “You’ve done something/ right for once. If more time had passed, the consequences would be dire.” 
Rowan was speechless for a moment before he said, “Dad, have Skylar examine the artifacts you’ve bought from overseas. any of them end up being negative items, what will happen to Mom and me?” 
Rowan would like to have fun for a few more years. 
“This is the only thing I’ve gotten overseas recently. I didn’t purchase anything else.” 
Jeremiah complained internally about why Rowan was so unlike him. He had no àmbitions and did nothing other than laze around every day, which frustrated Jeremiah immensely. 
After Rowan burned the calligraphed quote and sent her off, Skylar realized that lunchtime had rolled around. She was hungry and agreed to Rowan’s invitation to eat at a nearby restaurant. 
“I’ve told Joe I’ll be treating you to lunch,” explained Rowan. 
He was scared Skylar would be stressed out while they ate together. 
He’d also asked Joe secretly how much he needed to pay Skylar. After all, who knew what horrors would befall his family if she hadn’t stepped in? 
When Skylar heard Joe’s name, she forced a small smile and nodded. 
Suddenly, Vera walked over. 
She seemed extremely surprised. She stared at them and said, “You guys…” 
###chapter744
How many men had Skylar been with? It started with Joe, then it was Aiken. Now, she was with Rowan? 
She watched Rowan suck up to Skylar just like Aiken did. Vera was absolutely disgusted. 
Skylar took advantage of her beauty and flitted between several different men. Didn’t she find herself a little too shameless? 
Skylar had met Vera twice. Vera looked down on her with disdain every time. What was wrong with her? 
“What a coincidence. Have you finished eating?” Rowan was astounded at first. However, he quickly came to. 
This was too much of a coincidence, wasn’t it? Why had they run into Vera by merely going to a restaurant? 
Vera arrogantly tilted her chin upward. She shot back, “Indeed, what a coincidence. Have you changed girlfriends again?” 
Skylar raised a brow coldly. 
“Don’t say that. Skylar is just my friend,” explained Rowan immediately. 
They could misunderstand the relationship between Rowan and anyone else. After all, he had gotten used to it. However, he wouldn’t let anyone 
misunderstand Skylar. It was as though Skylar had a halo above her head. She couldn’t be slandered. 
Vera chuckled. She didn’t believe him. She shot back, “A friend?” 
By the way her tone rose upward at the end of her question, it was evident that she doubted the truth of Rowan’s words. 
“She’s a friend Twould trust with my life, got it?” Rowan pulled a cigarette out and began smoking. 
If not for his friendship with Joe, Rowan would’ve given in to the desire to 
expose Skylar’s marriage to Joe. Vera had always been an arrogant woman. However, the way she looked down at Skylar made him uncomfortable. 
213 
Skylar said calmly, “I’ll go over and order first.” 
When Skylar sat down, Vera told Rowan with furrowed brows, “I haven’t seen you for a few years, but you’re still a wild card. I’ll be taking my leave. There’ll be a boat party in two days. I’ll see you then. However, don’t take her with you when you come. I don’t like her much.” 
“Do you know about Skylar and Joe’s relationship? Have you seen Skylar before?” Rowan picked up on Vera’s animosity toward Skylar. 
Vera’s face turned grim. She stated, “Her relationship with Joe isn’t going to 
last.” 
She left immediately after. 
If Skylar had met Vera before, Skylar’s attitude was a little… 
Rowan watched Skylar, who was going through the menu. He put his cigarette back between his teeth. He sent Joe a message. 
… 
After Vera left the restaurant, she was no longer in the mood to shop with her 
friends. Even though she had a concert to attend that night, she didn’t want to go either. 
Vera didn’t see Skylar as a threat. However, the thought of Skylar and running 
into her still disgusted Vera. 
In addition, her reunion with Joe after years of separation two days ago feit 
weird, like something was missing. 
She couldn’t get a read on Joe, as though there was an uncrossable gauge 
between them. 
Why would a man like him allow Skylar to be the only woman by his side? Even if he wanted to quench his lust, he shouldn’t have selected a woman like Skylar who flitted between different men. 
Vera glanced at her phone. She’d followed a street photographer on social 
media this morning. 
He filmed her and Joe beautifully. The video was going viral, and of course, she had helped spread it so the people around her could see it. 
Wait, why was the video deleted? 
Suddenly, Molly called her. 
Vera looked down on Molly. Still, she showed Molly a certain degree of deference. 
“Mrs. Martin.” 
“Just now, a friend called me. She told me that you had gotten back together with Joe. Is that true?” 
Vera replied, “Jeremy and I are friends. We aren’t together yet. In addition, Jeremy has a lover him. I heard that her name is Skylar. Under such conditions, Joe and I can’t be together. My parents wouldn’t agree either.” 
If she dated Joe, she would only do so when he had no lovers with him. 
###chapter745
Vera found Skylar’s presence revolting. After all, her relationship with Joe was in a grey area. 
Molly knew what Vera was hinting at. They met up occasionally while overseas. She understood the pride that flowed in Vera’s blood. 
However, Molly knew that others had no idea about Jeremy’s marriage. 
“You’ve said yourself Skylar is just his lover. Joe hasn’t dated anyone for the past few years. He will break up with her in a bit. Don’t worry. You can talk to him like how you usually do.” 
After getting humiliated, Molly loathed Skylar with all her might. 
The more Joe valued Skylar, the more motivated she was to tear them apart. 
Vera didn’t agree or disagree. She only said, “I’ll leave it up to fate.” 
Joe had just seen Rowan’s message. It read, “Skylar and I ran into Vera. I think Sylar knows her. I saw the video of you and Vera in the morning too.” 
As he read the message, he thought of how cold Skylar had been toward him last night. Had she seen the video? 
As Skylar drove to Galaxy Villa, she received money from Rowan in her account. He’d transferred a million dollars to her as an appreciation. 
Before she could say anything, Rowan sent a voice message. He said, “Hiring a divination master would cost us tens of millions of dollars. You’ve saved us all. You must take the money. There’s no need to send me a response.” 
Skylar accepted it. She replied, “I’ll take it.” 
When she got home, Skylar began to head upstairs for an afternoon nap. 
She took a few steps up the stairs. Then, she heard noises behind her. When Skylar turned back, she saw that Joe had come home. 
It wasn’t even 3:00 pm yet. It wasn’t the end of the workday. Why had he come 
home? 
“Did you see the video?” asked Joe. 
Skylar’s footsteps paused. She said, “Yeah. It has gone viral.” 
“Don’t believe it,” said Joe as he walked over. He affixed Skylar with a deep 
gaze. 
Skylar smiled. She said, “Alright, I’m a little tired. I’ll take a nap now.” 
Joe watched Skylar walk upstairs. She didn’t even ask him about his relationship with Vera. He couldn’t help but frown. 
Did she believe him? Or did she not care? 
Skylar had only wanted to take a short 15–minute nap. 
When she woke up an hour later, Joe wasn’t home. 
She prepared a simple dinner. 
As she ate, a call came in all of a sudden. It was from Steven. 
Steven had been busy. If not for their calls during Charles‘ crisis, they seldom 
chatted. 
“Steven.” 
“What are you up to?” 
Skylar glanced at her pasta. She replied, “I’m having dinner. Have you eaten?” 
“I’m eating dinner right now,” replied Steven. 
Steven sounded off. She put her fork now and asked, “Are you feeling ill?” 
“I’ve got a bit of a cold. It’s nothing. I’m already getting better. After everything that happened to Charles, I haven’t gotten the chance to talk to you. How are things with Joe?” 
Skylar smiled and replied, “We’ve been getting along well. You don’t need to worry, Steven. Do you have time to go home when Mom’s birthday rolls around? 
“Yeah. I’ve been working overtime to get my work done. Charles will be able to 
make time for it as well. Invite Joe to come with us. Charles‘ crisis wouldn’t have been averted if not for him,” said Steven. 
###chapter746
Skylar stopped smiling. She agreed and said nothing else after that. 
Joe would probably be extremely busy. He wouldn’t have time to go home with her. 
Since there was still some time until then, she would find an excuse to explain it to Janine. 
After Steven hung up, he stared at the video looping on his phone. Charles had sent it to him. 
In the video, Joe wasn’t smiling as Skylar. He was grinning at an unknown 
woman. 
The video had been taken down. It couldn’t be found on the original creator’s page, and many of the people who reposted it had deleted it as well. 
Charles downloaded the video as soon as he saw it. If not, they wouldn’t be able to see it. 
When he thought of Skylar pretending that everything was fine, he and Charles felt their hearts throb for her. 
Charles said, “Steven, we must work hard so Skylar feels secure enough to leave Joe. We must be the ones providing her with a sense of security.” 
Steven replied, “You’re right.” 
Jenny was waiting in Martin Group’s underground parking lot. She had just gotten off work. 
She had waited half an hour, but Joe didn’t come out of the presidential elevator. 
Jenny had waited for her till she was nervous. She sent Joe a message and asked whether he’d gotten off work. She wanted him to celebrate her birthday with him. 
In the morning, she received a gift from Joe, just like every birthday before. 
The gift was probably not picked out by Joe personally; it was probably Paul who had done so. However, she could tell that he cared about her through the gifts. 
Jenny wanted to give herself to him that night.. 
“Thank you for the birthday gift, Joe. Can you celebrate my birthday with me tonight?” 
15 minutes had passed since she sent the message, and she received no reply. 
Usually, Joe would’ve gotten off work by now. Why couldn’t she see him? 
When she punched out of work, she’d seen Paul. 
While she was frustrated by the wait, Jenny’s friend texted her, “I heard that Vera had come home. She’s the center of attention. There were rumors that 
she was Joe’s first love. Would her return affect you?” 
As if Skylar wasn’t enough, Vera had returned as well. 
Naturally, she knew that Vera and Joe came from matching backgrounds. To the Martins, Vera was definitely a better fit for Joe. 
To Jenny, they were both obstacles on her journey to achieve her dream. 
“There has been nothing between Joe and I. It was just a rumor. In addition, Vera left Jipsburg at the drop of a hat. She had never come home. I’m su.e there’s nothing between them. They are nothing
but rumors,” said Jenny. She did her best to keep her composure. 
Her friend said nothing else. 
Ten minutes later, she finally saw Paul. 
Jenny immediately ran over and asked, “Mr. Ziegler, is Joe still working overtime?” 
She had to admit that Joe was really working hard. Everyone had gotten off work. Yet, he had to continue working. He could’ve had a much easier life by giving much of his work to Paul. 
Paul wasn’t expecting her to be in the parking lot, He asked, “Were you waiting 
here for Mr. Martin?” 
“It’s my birthday. I asked Joe to have dinner together,” said Jenny honestly. 
Paul frowned. He said, “Mr. Martin got off work early today. He should’ve gotten home by now.” 
“Did he get off work early?” Jenny’s expression changed. 
Why had he gotten off work early just like that? 
Today wasn’t a special day. 
###chapter747
“If you’ve got anything else to say, I’ll help you pass the message to Mr. Martin, ” said Paul. 
Jenny didn’t go out to celebrate her birthday with her friends. She’d wasted her time waiting for Joe in the basement parking lot. 
Paul couldn’t get a read on Jenny. She had no idea when to retreat. Was she not aware of her status now? She should’ve known when to keep her distance, even if they were siblings. Jenny was a smart woman; she should’ve known. Jenny was rather pale. She shook her head and said, “No need.” 
She’d rejected many of her friends‘ invitations. Jenny only wanted time with Joe. In the end… 
Paul felt speechless as he watched Jenny leave. He stepped forward, wanting to say something, but in the end, he believed that there was no need to do so. Jenny had to make sense of things on her own. 
As he walked to his car and was about to open the door, he heard Jenny calling someone. She had greeted the person on the other end of the line Mrs. Martin, Who was she referring to? It couldn’t be Molly, couldn’t it? 
Jenny probably knew about the relationship between Joe, Edwin, and Molly. They were almost enemies. 
Jenny had no reason to contact Molly. Despite how misguided she was, she was an intelligent girl. Paul dismissed his thoughts, thinking that he likely had misheard. He then got into his car and drove away. 
: 
Skylar received a notification saying that she had a new follower. 
Recently, a few elderly folks began trying to contact her. They got to know her through Alexander. Some of them wanted her to restore their antiques. She didn’t overthink it and approved the request. 
Just as she was about to go to sleep, Janine called. 
“Skye, I’ve been thinking about it. I need to tell you something. Sadie is in the 
hospital now. She’s about to die. They couldn’t contact you, so they sought me out. Would you like to take a look?” 
Skylar was silent for a moment before she asked, “Which hospital is she at?” 
A few minutes later, Skylar got changed and went downstairs. She ran into Joe, who’d just arrived home. 
“Are you going out?” 
Skylar watched Joe, who was dressed in sports gear. Usually, he would be heading out for some exercise in this outfit. She explained, “Yeah, I’m heading to the hospital.” 
Joe glanced at Skylar and walked toward the door. He asked, “Are you feeling sick? I’ll drive.” 
“It’s not me. Sadie is in the hospital. I called to confirm what was going on. She probably wouldn’t survive past tonight,” said Skylar. There was no love lost -between them. 
Seeing as Sadie had given birth to her, she would take a last look at her. 
Joe nodded and put on his shoes. He said, “I’ll go with you.” 
Skylar had been grabbing her bag. Her movements paused. She looked at Joe and said, “Peter and Samuel are there too. They’re no better than gangsters right now. Wait for me at home. Don’t let them affect your mood.” 
Their eyes met. 
Skylar looked over. She then walked over to the door. 
However, Joe grabbed her wrist. 
“I’ll go with you,” Joe stated firmly. He stared at Skylar. 
He suspected that she was hiding from him. She didn’t want him in her life. 
Skylar looked at him resignedly and said, “Fine, let’s go.” 
They took Skylar’s new car. Joe drove. 
After driving for a while, Joe asked, “Why did you buy a car suddenly? Isn’t there a car at home you like?” 
###chapter748
“Yeah, I didn’t see anything that appealed to me,” Skylar answered. 
She couldn’t afford any of the cars in his warehouse, and driving them out would attract too much attention. Besides, she did not want what happened with Vera to have a repeat performance. 
Joe glanced at her before looking back in front. They didn’t speak much. 
They arrived at the hospital shortly. It was a top–tier one with many people. 
The hospital rooms were full, so many patients were forced to sleep in the corridors. Some had their families keeping them company, making the inpatient department extremely crowded. 
It was a chaotic mess, and Joe’s face tended to create quite a commotion. Thus, Skylar said, “There are too many people here. Wait for me in the parking lot.” 
Joe didn’t refuse it. He took the elevator back to the parking lot while Skylar headed to Sadie’s room. 
Sadie lay there alone. 
When Skylar walked in, the patients and their families looked at her. 
“Are you her family?” 
“Other than the two people who came in the morning, no one cared for her. Why wouldn’t you get a caregiver?” 
“Stop talking. Let’s not comment on others‘ family affairs.” 
The others conversed noisily. 
Skylar didn’t offer a response. She walked to Sadie’s bed and looked down at her. She was unconscious and disoriented. 
She hadn’t seen Sadie in a while. After her paralysis, she was doing horribly. The elegant wife of a wealthy man had disappeared. She’d become unkempt and dirty. Sadie was skin–and–bones. 
Although she’d been paralyzed, she wouldn’t have become like that if her 
family had taken care of her. 
Anyone with eyes could see that her family was mistreating her. It was why she was on the brink of death. 
Finally, they saw a young woman show up. They couldn’t help but complain. 
Skylar knew what they were thinking. What happened between her and Sadie didn’t need to be explained to those strangers. 
At that moment, a doctor walked in on his rounds. 
He asked how the other patients were doing. Then, he came to Sadie’s bed. He was surprised to see Skylar with her, and his expression turned grim. 
“She’s in critical condition. You’re her family, right? How have you been taking care of her?” 
Skylar said calmly, “I’m not legally related to her in any way.” 
The doctor was stunned and somewhat embarrassed. 
“Around how long will she be able to hold on?” asked Skylar. 
He replied pitifully, “Although she’d been in an accident and had gotten an amputation, she wouldn’t have been admitted to the hospital if she had recovered well under the care of her family members. She won’t hold past the new few days. Ask her family members to prepare themselves.” 
Skylar nodded. 
Since she had no questions, he walked away. 
Skylar stared at Sadie while thinking about her past life. When she had a 
chance to start again, the one lying in bed half–dead became Sadie instead of Skylar. It instilled a complicated mix of emotions in her. 
She had already seen Sadie, so Skylar turned to leave. 
###chapter749
Skylar had taken a few steps forward. Suddenly, Sadie opened her eyes in a burst of energy. She was completely conscious as she stared at Skylar. She reached a hand out to grab her. 
“Skye, it was all my fault. Forgive me. Forgive Mom, alright?” 
“When the others heard the word “Mom” they all glanced at Skylar. 
Mom? 
They were related. 
That wasn’t quite right either. Sadie had said something about forgiveness. She must’ve done something wrong in the past. 
Skylar had also said that she wasn’t related to her at all. There had to be a story behind it. Thus, they all looked down as though they’d heard nothing. They were scared they might say something they shouldn’t have if they opened their mouth. 
was difficult to resolve family affairs, as an outsider. Something must have happened between them. 
Skylar walked back. 
It was as though Sadie saw hope approaching. She widened her eyes. ? ?er bulged eyes looked like they were about to pop out on her skinny frame. It was rather terrifying. 
“You’ve always been a kind, obedient little girl. I knew you would forgive me. You’re here to save me, right? You still see me as your mother, don’t you? I knew it. I knew it! I saw it in my dream. The
way we treated you was unacceptable. Even animals didn’t deserve such treatment. 
“I know that I’ve made a mistake. I’ll treat you like a princess in the future, alright? I wasn’t in my right mind. How could I treat you like that? You’re my biological daughter. How could I have treated you like that? Please give me a chance to change my ways, alright?” 
Only after going through it did she know how evil she had been. She would only know that her loved ones couldn’t be relied on through this. 
They all left her to languish here, including her sons, whom she’d been so proud of, and Maisy, who she’d treated genuinely. She was a proud woman. Yet, they let her live like an animal. 
If she hadn’t hurt Skylar, if only she had treated her well, she would’ve been well cared for. She didn’t want to die. 
She’d been lost in a mad world of her own. It was only a lie she was trying to fool herself with. Sadie didn’t want to die. 
When Skylar kept silent, it sent Sadie into a frantic mess. 
“I know that I’ve made a mistake! I will be a good mother in the future. You didn’t grow up by my side, and when you eventually came home, I was under Maisy’s spell. I didn’t have the chance to be a good mother to you. Give me a chance to be good to you, alright? 
“Your brothers aren’t treating me well. After my accident, they didn’t give a damn about me. Sometimes, I wouldn’t be given a hot meal for days. They would bathe me once a month and even expected me to shower myself. I’m disabled. I can’t even move. They’re absolute devils. Skye, you’re a kind girl. Show some pity. Take me home, alright? Get a few helpers for me.” 
Sadie spoke faster and faster. She was probably extremely panicked, terrified that she would never see Skylar again. She told her everything she’d harbored in her heart but had no idea how selfish they sounded. 
Although she pleaded for forgiveness, she was asking for even more. 
Skylar said coldly, “In your dream, did I end up with a worse fate than you?” 
Sadie was stunned. Her guilt was written across her face. She said, “I–I… Well, the things in my dreams weren’t real at all. I only came to my senses through the dream. I was awakened to how wrong I had been.” 
In her semi–conscious state, she knew that the world she’d seen in her dream was real. Skylar’s presence had changed it. If not, the one in the accident would’ve been Skylar instead of her! 
Skylar chuckled and said, “A leopard can’t change its spots. Ms. Coleman, stop trying to make a fuss. Stay in the hospital.” 
Sadie glared at Skylar with a twisted expression. She shrieked, “You should’ve been the one in the accident. Why didn’t you push me away? Why didn’t you get 
flattened by the car? It’s all your fault! It shouldn’t have been me going through all this. You were the one who caused the demise of our family. It’s all you.” 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
###chapter750
Everyone in the ward fell silent. Not a single person said a word. 
A few minutes ago, they had whispered among themselves exchanging theories about what was going on between Skylar and Sadie. After all, every corner of the world was filled with gossipmongers. 
Suddenly, they felt like it was karma for Sadie to be abandoned by the rest of the world. 
What kind of parent would hope that their children suffer for them? Most would rather bear the pain for their children. Instead, what had Sadie said? She hoped Skylar got into the accident instead of her. 
Blood was thicker than water. Even the cruelest tiger would not eat its cubs. This was why Sadie was stuck in her current predicament. 
“This is the truth of what you’re thinking,” Skylar said coldly. 
Sadie was stunned. Then, she realized what she’d said. She panicked as she professed, “I–I… That’s not what I meant! I’m your mom. You can’t escape your legal responsibility toward me. Peter can’t take care of me. They had no money to get me a maid. But you, you’re rich now. You could hire ten maids to care for me, and it wouldn’t even make a dent in your pocket. 
“I didn’t give birth to you for nothing! I’m your mother. Janine didn’t give birth to you. She merely raised you. Why would you treat her like a queen but not me?” 
Skylar did not see why she should continue listening to Sadie’s nonsense, and there was no need to say anything to her either. She walked out. 
The door was kicked open just as she was about to open it, and in barged Peter and Samuel. They glared at Skylar evilly. 
“You won’t be walking out of here tonight. You will take responsibility for it. Mom is right. Why didn’t you push her out of the way when the car came? You should’ve been the one lying on the bed. You should’ve become the disabled one. You made our lives a living hell,” Samuel growled with a flushed face. 
They had been eavesdropping outside. 
Yet, they ended up hearing Skylar leave rather than taking up the responsibility 
of caring for Sadie. That wasn’t the outcome they wanted to see. 
Peter said grimly, “Mom isn’t doing well. The doctor said that she wouldn’t be able to hold on for long. You’ve never shown your gratitude to her for giving birth to you. In Mom’s final hours, we’re giving you the chance to do so. This is so you won’t have regrets in the future. 
“In addition, you’re making so much money now. You have Joe backing you up. You can provide Mom with a better healthcare experience and get specialists to help her. Perhaps she might live for a few more years under your care.” 
Clearly, he had prepared his little speech beforehand. 
Skylar stared at Peter and Samuel coldly. She thought they’d turned over a new leaf as they hadn’t disturbed her peace in the past months. It would be best for them to live their separate lives. However, it looked like they weren’t going to give up without a fight. 
Peter and Samuel felt a little diffident in the face of Skylar’s silence. 
“W–What are you looking at? We’re waiting for you to transfer Mom to a better hospital. Joe owns a private hospital with excellent facilities. One word from you and he would get her over there,” Peter insisted with narrowed eyes. 
Samuel added, “Yeah. A word from you would get the job done. Don’t be so petty. We’re your brothers. I’m your biological brother. When Charles got involved in that scandal, you did everything you could to help him. When I was in a crisis, you looked on from the sidelines. Whose sister are you?” 
The news about Charles and Felicia had gone viral a few days ago. 
Samuel had even sent influencers to tarnish Charles‘ good name. He wanted Charles to know how it felt to get kicked out of the entertainment industry. 
In the end, the tables turned. Charles‘ PR team managed to control the situation, and Felicia ended up being banned from the industry. The difference in Skylar’s reaction to their scandals was atrocious. Why would Skylar help Charles but not Peter? 
###chapter751
The buzz around Charles phenomenal PR team was undeniable, and Samuel couldn’t shake the feeding that Joe was the mastermind behind it all. He mused, “If only Joe had supported me back then, I’d be on the path to winning an Oscar by now.” 
He was convinced of it. By this point, he would have been an acclaimed Oscar winner, enjoying all the fame and glory that came with it. And if the Martin family had supported them, the Williams family might have already staged a remarkable comeback. 
They could have even risen to become the most influential family in Jipsburg, second only to the Martins. But instead, they were living worse than beggars because Skylar refused to help them. 
“Skye! Oh… My stomach… Everything hurts… It hurts so much! Call the doctor! These doctors are useless. They’re going to kill me! I need to get 
out of here! 
“I need to be transferred to another hospital. My daughter is here; she’ll help me transfer. Hurry, the doctor is coming…” Sadie cried out, her voice. filled with exaggerated pain. 
“What are you waiting for? Go find a doctor and get Mom transferred,” Peter barked at Skylar. 
“Move it! If you don’t help us transfer her, you’re practically killing Mom!” Samuel added sharply. 
The trio was putting on a spectacle more dramatic than any soap opera. 
Skylar smirked and replied, “The only ones killing her are herself and you two. This has nothing to do with me. If you’re looking to play the moral guilt card, go to Maisy.” 
The audacity of the Williams family never ceased to astonish her; they always found new ways to push her buttons. 
Other patients and their families in the ward looked bewildered, unsure of 
what to make of this chaotic scene 
But as Peter and Samuel continued their tirade and more information was revealed through their conversation, it became clear–the Williamses had brought this upon themselves. 
They were simply facing the consequences of their own actions, and their intentions were far from noble. 
A young girl nearby fixed her gaze on Peter and Samuel before suddenly recognizing Samuel. “Wait, I know you, Samuel Williams. Your whole family is a mess! I can’t believe my friend used to have a crush on you. And this is how you treat your own mother? 
“You’re disgusting. I see it all now. Even though she is your biological sister, you never treated her right or took care of her, and now you want to exploit her? You all have no shame!” 
Young people often spoke their minds freely, and this girl couldn’t hold back her contempt. 
Skylar offered the girl a warm smile, causing her to blush and lower her head in slight embarrassment. 
Turning her attention back to Sadie, Skylar said, “If I were you, I’d reflect deeply on my mistakes and try to live the rest of my life with some honesty. Pretending to seek my forgiveness is pointless. 
“Since the day of the car accident, I stopped expecting anything from you. To me, your entire family means less than strangers. You’ve tried to manipulate me time and again, and it hasn’t worked. 
“So, if you have any sense, you’ll stop while you’re ahead. Push me too far, and things won’t end well for any of you.” 
With that, Skylar raised her hand and delivered swift slaps to both Peter and Samuel. The sharp sound echoed through the ward, leaving no doubt about the force behind it. 
Their already pale faces quickly reddened and swelled from the impact. 
“You!” they exclaimed in unison. 
Skylar’s voice was icy as she stated, “I just felt like putting you in your place. 
You… How dare you!” Samuel stammered, shocked by Skylar’s boldness. 
Peter, however, sensed something eerily familiar in Skylar’s demeanor–a ruthless edge that reminded him of Joe. 
Without another word, Skylar brushed past them and headed toward the 
exit. 
They were about to pursue her when they noticed Joe standing in the doorway. His cold, piercing gaze rooted them to the spot. In that instant, they felt as insignificant as insects beneath his heel. 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>> 
###chapter752
With just one word from Joe, their lives could be snuffed out. Peter and Samuel froze, their bodies rigid with fear. They couldn’t compréhend how Skylar had managed to completely win over Joe’s heart. 
Skylar walked up to Joe. Seeing someone get slapped in front of him wasn’t new–he had seen it all before. 
“Does your hand hurt?” Joe asked softly, his concern for Skylar clear in his voice. 
Skylar glanced at her slightly reddened palm. It still stung from the force of the slaps she’d delivered. 
“Mr. Martin…” Peter stammered, his voice filled with desperation. 
Regaining his composure, he ignored the throbbing pain on his swollen face and pleaded urgently, “Mr. Martin, my mom’s condition is critical. This hospital can’t provide the care she needs. Given that she’s Skylar’s biological mother, please, help us. It’s a small favor for someone like you.” 
Meanwhile, Samuel remained silent before Joe. Despite the thoughts racing through his mind, he dared not utter a single word in Joe’s presence. 
Sadie groaned in pain. “It hurts… It hurts so much… I’m in so much pain. It’s unbearable, I don’t know how much longer I can live. Skye, I’m your mother. Mr. Martin, please have mercy and save me.” 
She was terrified of dying, and the doctors here were all incompetent, telling her she was close to death. 
She couldn’t accept it. She wouldn’t die. 
Seeing that Skylar was fine, Joe turned his attention to Sadie and her sons. 
The three of them looked hopeful as Joe glanced their way. 
But he merely gave them a brief look before taking Skylar’s hand and walking away. 
They were stunned–too shocked to react. 
“They left? Just like that? What’s going on?” Samuel finally snapped out of 
1. it. 
Peter took a deep breath, his frustration boiling over. He stormed back to the bedside. Unable to contain his anger, he slapped Sadie several times, venting his frustration. 
“Didn’t you say you were sure you could get Skylar to help us? I heard everything outside. You completely lost your cool. Are you doing this on purpose? Are you trying to get back at us? Do you have any idea how hard things are for me right now?” 
“It’s all because of you, Mom! You’ve dragged us down and made us lose all hope. Are you even our mother? Has your mind completely gone off the rails? This is all your fault!” Samuel shouted, barely containing his rage. 
Thankfully, Samuel managed to stop himself from hitting Sadie. 
The other patients in the ward stared in shock. 
One of them finally reacted, his voice trembling. “That woman… Your mother, she’s coughed up blood and died! You’ve beaten her to death…” 
“Murder! Murder!” The others echoed in horror. 
Peter had slapped Sadie so hard that it shocked everyone. 
Peter stood frozen, his face ashen. He stared at Sadie, his movements 
slow and deliberate. 
The sight made him stagger back, dropping to the ground. 
Blood streamed from Sadie’s mouth and nose, her eyes wide and bulging as if they were about to pop out. 
Her face was deathly pale. 
Samuel was stunned and horrified. He said, “Peter… You killed Mom…” 
“It can’t be! She couldn’t have died from my beating! Doctor! Get in here, now!” Peter screamed in a frenzy, dashing out of the ward. 
A few doctors and nurses rushed in. Seeing Sadie’s condition, they were Initially stunned but quickly began emergency procedures. 
After ten minutes, they confirmed Sadie’s death. 
The patients in the ward informed the doctors about what had happened, and the doctors immediately called the police. 
When the police arrived, they took Peter away. 
With several witnesses present, Samuel pointed out Peter to ensure his innocence. 
###chapter753
By the time Skylar learned of Sadie’s death, it was already evening. She and Joe were having dinner at a Taegu cuisine restaurant. 
Skylar had assumed that Sadie would succumb to her illness in the hospital, but it turned out Peter had beaten her to death instead. 
“They want you to go there again? I will send Paul to the hospital,” Joe said, his voice tinged with frustration at being interrupted during their dinner. 
“It’s not Peter. The call’s from the police,” Skylar replied. She then relayed the details of the call to Joe. After that, she stood up and grabbed her bag. “You keep eating. I have to head to the police station to assist with their investigation.” 
“I’m coming with you,” Joe said, standing up as well. 
Vera watched from the restaurant entrance as they drove off, her bag clutched tightly in her hands. 
The sight of Joe’s attentiveness to Skylar unsettled her–Joe not only opened the car door for Skylar but also drove her himself. 
Did he even realize what he was doing? Did he know about Skylar’s complicated relationship with Aiken and Rowan? Did he truly not care at 
all? 
Vera had always believed Skylar to be manipulative, and now it appeared she was quite skilled at charming men. 
A discomfort lodged in Vera’s throat, an unease she couldn’t shake. 
She couldn’t reconcile Joe’s feelings for another woman, especially someone who was always scheming and flattering men. 
Upon arriving at the police station, Skylar insisted that Joe waited for her outside. 
The police asked her routine questions as soon as she arrived. 
The witnesses at the hospital have provided a clear account of the events. Since Skylar was not legally related to Sadie, she had the option to 
participate or not in the follow–up actions. 
At the moment, the coroner was still performing the autopsy to ascertain the exact cause of Sadie’s death. If it turned out that Peter was accountable, he would be joining Jeffrey in prison. 
As Skylar was about to leave the police station, she ran into Samuel. 
Samuel looked visibly shocked and deeply shaken. His face still bore signs of fear. When he saw Skylar, he appeared dazed and disoriented. 
Skylar glanced at him briefly before walking past him without saying a word. 
When Samuel saw Skylar, he looked at her with a bitter expression and said, “Skylar, our family is finished. We’re completely ruined. Aren’t you happy about it? Do you see this as our retribution? I’m finished! Congratulations on being the one to have the last laugh.” 
The Williams family was in shambles. Jeffrey was in prison, Peter was facing charges, and Kenny and Maisy were missing, their whereabouts unknown. 
As for Samuel, he could never return to the entertainment industry, and his life in Jipsbug was effectively over. 
With that, the Williams family lay in utter devastation. 
Skylar took a few steps outside, then stopped. She turned back, her gaze cold and indifferent as she looked at the distraught Samuel. 
Seeing Skylar’s gaze, Samuel’s face briefly flickered with a glimmer of hope. “You…” 
Skylar’s expression remained emotionless, her eyes cold. After a moment, she turned away and left the police station. 
Samuel stood frozen, as if coming to a realization. To Skylar, they were no 
ektferent from strangers. No matter what they did, it didn’t affect her, and she wouldn’t treat them with the same kindness she once had. 
Vaguely, he seemed to hear someone say to him, “It’s all retribution.” 
The autopsy results were released soon after. 
Clam Bonus for Free Every Days 
###chapter754
Sadie’s death at Peter’s hands quickly made headlines, and the news of the matricide spread like wildfire. 
Samuel fled Jipsburg in disgrace, quickly selling Elden Residence at a significant discount. He was desperate to escape the city before being hounded by reporters seeking for a scoop. 
His whereabouts remained a mystery. 
Skylar learned about these developments from the news. The Williams family’s downfall left her with a sense of melancholy. 
One evening after work, Skylar received a call from a prison guard. Peter wanted to see her. The guard urged her to comply with Peter’s request. 
At the prison, Skylar found Peter with a shaved head, his stubble now streaked with gray. His once sharp gaze was now hollow and vacant. Gone was the calculating look he used to have when he saw her. 
Skylar picked up the phone, fully aware that her ties to the Williams family were severed. 
Peter also took the phone, his eyes locked on Skylar. 
“I’ve thought a lot these past few days,” Peter began. “It’s clear to me now that I was living recklessly, oblivious to the consequences of my choices. I even killed my mother with my own hands. You must be happy to see me behind bars for the rest of my life, huh?” 
“I don’t harbor any personal feelings about your situation. As a law–abiding citizen, I believe that those who commit crimes should face the appropriate legal consequences,” Skylar responded with
calm detachment. 
The fate of the Williams family left her indifferent. Had this occurred before her rebirth, she might have felt satisfaction. 
Peter’s face contorted in shock, followed by a sudden outburst of laughter. “Let 
me grant you one final wish,” he said, his voice dripping with sarcasm. 
Tregret everything. If only you had returned home and I had treated you with respect, our family wouldn’t have fallen apart. I could have achieved even greater prominence in Jipsburg.” 
Skylar raised an eyebrow and then put down the phone. She stood up and left. 
Peter watched her blankly as she walked away, still holding the phone. 
As the prison guard led him away, Peter laughed bitterly, muttering to himself, “I wish this were just a dream. If only this were all just a nightmare, How could I have been so foolish? I’m so stupid.” 
The guard was unperturbed; it was common for newly imprisoned individuals to struggle with acceptance. If someone could kill their own mother and feel no remorse, they would truly be beyond redemption. 
Later that evening, in the hushed darkness of their bedroom, Skylar’s body still trembled slightly as her mind slowly returned to her. 
In her peripheral vision, she caught sight of Joe replacing the used condom with a new one. It seemed that the intense session earlier had 
only whetted his appetite. 
Skylar’s face was flushed from the physical exertion. Sensing Joe’s renewed interest, she tried to extricate herself from the situation. “I’m going to take a shower.” 
She was startled by the hoarseness in her voice, her throat sore from 
earlier screams. 
Joe’s eyes, dark and intense, lingered on Skylar, his desire reignited by her voice. “Shower later.” 
Then, he pressed his entire body down onto Skylar. 
Skylar couldn’t escape. Joe’s energy seemed inexhaustible that night as they repeated their intimate encounters. 
By the time Joe finished, Skylar felt physically exhausted, as if her body were on the verge of collapse. Even after a refreshing shower, she felt 
E/C 
completely drained. 
However, she found herself unable to sleep as she lay in bed. 
Joe returned from the balcony, where he had gone for a smoke. He climbed into bed and pulled Skylar into his arms. 
Skylar lay limply, devoid of strength.. 
“Have you been deliberately avoiding me lately?” Joe’s voice was heavy with concern. 
Recently, Skylar’s deliberate distance had left Joe feeling confused. Today, a casual conversation with someone else revealed that Aiken might have romantic feelings for Skylar. 
Several people who had sought Skylar’s assistance had mentioned her to Aiken, who had responded with nothing but glowing praise. This was unusual, as Aiken wasn’t known for easily complimenting women. 
It was worth noting that Aiken had been particularly helpful when Skylar had gone missing. 
###chapter755
Joe wondered if Aiken truly had feelings for Skylar. 
“No, I’ve just been swamped with work. It’s been a while since I last worked, and the workload these past few days has been overwhelming,” Skylar explained. 
Joe’s lips pressed into a thin line. “Look at me when you speak.* 
Joe pondered whether Skylar thought he hadn’t noticed. 
Skylar lifted her gaze, locking eyes with Joe. His eyes seemed infinite, like an endless galaxy. At that moment, Skylar felt like she was just a tiny star within it. Her chest tightened as she countered, “Why would I be avoiding you?” 
Joe fell silent, and they stared at each other for a long time. 
Finally, Joe let it go, turning off the light. “Let’s sleep.” 
Skylar nodded lightly, humming in response. 
The next morning, Skylar and Joe had breakfast together before heading to work. 
On her way, Skylar received a call from Alexander. He mentioned wanting to take her to an auction. 
This particular auction featured numerous antiques brought back from abroad. They had all been professionally authenticated and were free of counterfeits. 
Alexander warned Skylar over the phone that some of these items, due to their overseas origin, could contain disturbing or harmful elements. 
The auction’s organizer, Orson Todd, was a friend of Alexander’s. He had shared that the seller of these antiquities was an elderly man. However, the elderly man didn’t leave any contact information, and Orson couldn’t 
recall his appearance. 
He pointed out that many older men have similar appearances, with their faces etched with wrinkles. The mask he was wearing made it even harder to distinguish him. 
Skylar keyed in the location into her navigation system and headed to the auction. 
Alexander was already waiting for her at the entrance. As soon as they met, he quietly asked, “Have you heard from your Grandma Viola recently?” Skylar shook her head. “No, I haven’t heard from Grandma Viola in a while. Her phone has been off the entire time.” 
She was genuinely concerned about Viola’s well–being. It had been an extended period without any communication, and she had no clue about Viola’s whereabouts. 
Alexander sighed, his voice tinged with disappointment. “She disappeared from Jipsburg so abruptly some 20 or 30 years ago, and we haven’t received any news since then. Now, she’s vanished once more. If your Grandma Viola were around, the person behind these malicious acts wouldn’t dare to be so bold.” 
Skylar silently prayed, hoping that Viola was safe and sound. 
Alexander led Skylar inside. They greeted many people along the way. 
For those who didn’t recognize Skylar, Alexander took the opportunity to introduce her to his friends. 
Although Skylar was still relatively new to Alexander’s company, everyone treated her with respect, deferring to Alexander’s position. 
Once seated, Skylar felt an unsettling gaze on her back–one that was hard to ignore and seemed unfriendly. 
After being stared at for a while, it became uncomfortable. Skylar turned around to see who it was. 
Just as she turned, her eyes met Vera’s. 
Today, Vera wore a glamorous dress with her hair styled in large waves. She looked stunning and captivating. However, her eyes were filled with lingering security and disdain, reminiscent of their recent encounter at the restaurant. 
Skylar was baffled by Vera’s condescending attitude. Vera always seemed to regard her with a sense of superiority. If it was due to Joe, Skylar had nothing to say. Their relationship was not her concern. 
With a chilly glance, Skylar averted her gaze. Alexander noticed her discomfort and inquired, “Is everything alright, Skye?” 
“Yes, Mr. Gardner Senior. I’m alright,” Skylar replied with a polite smile. 
Seeing Skylar’s cold expression, Vera felt a surge of annoyance. It was as if she had taken a bite of something bitter. “She’s really opened my eyes. It’s utterly disgusting,” 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>> 
###chapter756
Vera’s friend, Bianca Roffe, didn’t catch her comment. “What did you say? I didn’t hear you.” 
Vera’s face darkened, and her mood visibly soured. “Mr. Gardner Senior has always been respectable. How is it that, at his age, he can’t control himself anymore?” 
She spoke in a low voice, cautious of the people around them. The auction was crowded today, and some attendees knew Alexander. It wouldn’t do for them to overhear. 
“What’s he not controlling?” Bianca asked, confused as she followed Vera’s gaze. 
She spotted Alexander chatting amiably with a young woman beside him. Although she couldn’t hear their conversation, it was clear Alexander was being very friendly. 
Bianca’s eyes widened as she realized what was happening–this was some juicy gossip. 
“That young woman is quite something,” Bianca said, her voice tinged with disbelief. “I’ve never heard of anyone close to Mr. Gardner Senior before, and his grandson must be nearly 20 by now. She looks like she’s still in college. For someone so young to put up with this just for money, it’s impressive.” 
Vera’s face twisted with disgust. “I’ve seen her before. She’s tangled up with Aiken and Rowan. She’ll endure anything to marry into a wealthy family.” 
“What?” Bianca exclaimed, surprised and then laughing. “That’s actually quite common. Women from modest backgrounds like hers often need to put in extra effort to improve their circumstances. Otherwise, they might find themselves trapped in their current social class. 
“There are countless women like her. In the entertainment industry, many aspiring actresses are vying for success. My father and brother have oven ! 
supported a few up–and–coming stars 
Vera frowned and said, “Enough. Stop talking about this. It’s ruining what should be a pleasant auction.” 
Alright.” 
The auction began shortly after. 
Vera tried to focus on the items being auctioned. She’d been influenced from a young age by her grandfather, Denton Ruell, and her father, Buck Ruell, both avid collectors of antiques. 
She’d heard many rare items from abroad were up for auction that day. With Denton and Buck’s birthdays coming up, she hoped to purchase a few pieces for them. 
Despite her efforts to concentrate, she couldn’t help but glance at Skylar. 
Vera admired Skylar. In the three times they’d crossed paths, Skylar had always remained composed, unaffected by what others thought of her. 
“Look at that 206 BC to 220 AD double–handled porcelain jar. It’s quite rare. I frequent auctions, and I’ve hardly ever seen one,” Bianca’s exclamation pulled Vera back to the present. 
Vera immediately looked over. After a quick glance, she raised her bidding paddle. “Eight million.” 
Others began bidding in response. 
Skylar and Alexander both turned to look at Vera. At that point, Vera had already pushed the bid to 12 million. 
Seeing Skylar watching her, Vera raised an eyebrow. It seemed Skylar was interested, so perhaps Alexander intended to bid on it for her. She sighed quietly at the thought of the once sharp and intelligent Alexander had grown old and indulgent. 
Unfortunately, Vera needed to secure this item. 
After meeting Vera’s determined and somewhat superior gaze, Skylar turned to Alexander and said, “There might be some issues.” 
Alexander frowned. “The Items at the auction have been verified. I can’t disclose any issues with the antiques to others.” 
Auctions were complex affairs. Despite his prominence in Jipsburg and the respect he commanded, such vague concerns would only be taken seriously by those who genuinely trusted him. Others would undoubtedly be skeptical. 
“I’ll bid on it,” Alexander decided. He intended to acquire all problematic items tonight to prevent them from causing harm. 
Alexander proceeded to place his bid. 
However, Vera was determined to win; she continued to raise her paddle. 
###chapter757
The bidding continued unabated, with the final offer climbing to 35 million. 
Alexander frowned and remarked, “Isn’t the young lady from the Ruell family unusually stubborn today?” 
35 million was far beyond the item’s actual value. 
Skylar glanced back at Vera, who wore a smug smile, her inherent sense of superiority palpable. Despite the myriad thoughts racing through Skylar’s mind, the latter would always remain inferior to Vera. 
35 million was no small sum, and Vera didn’t seem to believe Alexander would continue bidding merely to indulge her. 
After the staff announced 35 million three times, Vera’s smile widened. 
Skylar averted her gaze. Alexander remarked, “I’ll inform her grandfather later.” 
Skylar nodded but said nothing. 
The auction proceeded with a few more items. The next lot was an antique painting in pristine condition, with a starting bid of three million. 
Alexander had already acquired two contentious items, but the antique painting was hotly contested between him and Vera. In the end, Vera secured it at a steep price. 
Skylar glanced thoughtfully at Vera, who looked quite pleased with herself. Vera casually smiled at Skylar, her wealth appearing as nothing more than a series of numbers. She believed that Skylar
must have felt uncomfortable witnessing her extravagant purchases. 
Relying on a man to achieve goals was a fool’s errand, and Vera was determined to teach Skylar that lesson 
Alexander’s expression darkened. “Mr. Ruell Senior was always frugal and cautious. He would never act so recklessly. Even if th 
genuine, they’re not worth this much. She’s really squandering money.” 
Skylar checked her phone. Joe had texted her a few minutes ago, expressing his desire to visit Gloria that night. She quickly replied, “Sure.” 
As the auction concluded, Alexander departed in his car first. Skylar, too, made her way to her own vehicle, only to once again cross paths with Vera. 
“The last time I saw you, you were with Rowan. Now, you’re with Mr. Gardner Senior. Skylar, you never cease to amaze me,” Vera said with a cool tone, her expression laced with arrogance. 
Previously, Vera would have dismissed someone like Skylar without a second thought. Someone who would sell herself for money seemed beneath her. 
But things had changed. The fact that Skylar and Joe were involved in such financial dealings unsettled her. 
Standing beside Vera, Bianca sneered and scrutinized Skylar as if she were something vile. To Bianca, Skylar wasn’t even worth the time Vera was spending on her, but if Vera wanted to, she could continue. 
Skylar offered a faint smile. “Are you surprised that I dined with Rowan, or that I came to the auction with Mr. Gardner Senior? You always speak so vaguely. Can you ever be more clear?” 
“You!” Vera was taken aback by Skylar’s response. 
“Vera is showing you great generosity by even speaking to you. Who do you think you are? Do you really think people don’t see through you? How is a whore like you so shameless?” Bianca spat, lashing out at Skylar. 
###chapter758
Bianca’s attitude was nothing more than a fawning display. She was loyal but utterly pathetic. 
Skylar’s smile faded as she fixed a cold stare on Vera and Bianca. “You still have time to apologize.” 
“There was nothing wrong with what I said, so why should I apologize? If you’re bold enough to peddle yourself, you should be able to handle some talk about it. Do you honestly believe we couldn’t dispose of you in Jipsburg with a mere snap of our fingers?” Bianca sneered. 
Vera, clearly amused, added, “Some things are better left unsaid. It wouldn’t look good for you, either.” With no desire to waste more words on Skylar, Vera turned to Bianca. “Let’s go.” 
“I was actually in a good mood before, but now it’s ruined.” 
“It’s not worth it for her.” 
The two of them climbed into a nearby car and drove off, continuing their conversation as they left the parking lot. 
Skylar watched the car drive away, raising an eyebrow in thought. She pondered who might have sullied her reputation with Vera. She hoped it wasn’t Joe. 
In the car, Vera received a call from the auction house staff. 
“Yeah, send it to the address I provided.” 
After Vera ended the call, Bianca laughed. “When you bought those antiques, Skylar’s face looked awful. She should really take a look in the mirror. How could she think she could compete with
you?” 
For some reason, Vera felt unsettled. Skylar’s bold demand for an apology left her with a heavy feeling in her chest. 
“You’ve brought something to mind. I’ll send John a message later to see if he has any insights on Mr. Gardner Senior and Skylar. Given Mr. Gardner Senior’s age, it wouldn’t be too difficult for a young woman to influence him.” 
“Sounds like a plan,” Bianca agreed. 
John was busy with work. During his lunch break, he finally had a moment to check on WhatsApp. 
He had Vera’s contact but had never communicated with her before. They weren’t particularly familiar, having been in different high school classes and only occasionally crossing paths at various events. He might have forgotten her if Rowan hadn’t mentioned Vera recently. 
He recalled that Joe had once liked her and wondered why she was messaging him now. 
He opened the message to find a photo and a text. The photo showed Alexander’s back at the auction, with Skylar sitting next to him. 
The message read, “I ran into Mr. Gardner Senior at the auction today. He brought a young woman with him. During the event, to please her, he competed with me for two antiques. I was trying to get a gift for my grandfather and father, so I may have offended Mr. Gardner Senior. I hope you can help clarify things. Thank you.” 
The message’s intent was clear, but John was somewhat confused. 
Vera’s message seemed increasingly strange the more he read. He wondered if she had misunderstood something. 
His father was trying to win Skylar’s favor? 
He grimaced slightly, contemplating whether Vera had misunderstood the situation. Alexander had gone to the auction strictly to buy items, not to please anyone. 
Upon returning home, Vera instinctively checked her phone. Hours had passed with no new messages, and she found it hard to believe John hadn’t seen her texts. 
She wondered why he hadn’t responded. It seemed that John was either unconcerned about someone trying to deceive Alexander or simply indifferent. Still, Vera had to acknowledge that such oddities were not uncommon in their circles, where strange events were frequent. 
Many people in their social circle indulged in all sorts of games. 
###chapter759
Vera felt she was meddling and was annoyed. Looking at the two artifacts sent by the auction house, she suddenly had an idea and told a nearby household staff, “Get me some supplements suitable for the elderly, and have them ready within half an hour.” 
She hadn’t had the chance to visit Gloria since she came back. It was a good opportunity to see how she was doing and bring her some presents. After all, Joe’s most important person was his grandmother, Gloria. 
Alexander and Skylar arrived at the company one after the other and immediately immersed themselves in work. In the rush, Alexander forgot to call John. 
The items they had purchased from the auction were difficult to handle, and Skylar had to deal with each one separately. 
Meanwhile, Alexander had several friends reach out to him. By the time he finished his work, it was already after office hours. Alexander attempted to call John but couldn’t get through, so he decided to put the matter aside for now. 
As Skylar was clocking out, she got a call from Janine, who had slipped on a wet floor at the market while grocery shopping and fractured her leg. 
With Steven swamped with work lately and Charles tied up with the new film crew, neither was available to take calls. Skylar hurried to the hospital as soon as she received the news; someone kind had already taken Janine there. 
On her way, Skylar called Joe. “I won’t be able to make it to Pearlhall Residence today. Please let Grandma know.” 
She kept the explanation brief to avoid worrying Joe and Gloria. 
Skylar ended the call quickly, not giving Joe a chance to ask further questions. 
Joe looked at his phone, deep in thought. If there hadn’t been an emergency, Skylar wouldn’t have missed visiting Pearlhall Residence. Even when busy, she usually made time for Gloria. 
He tapped on the phone screen and dialed Caleb’s number. 
After a few rings, Caleb answered, sounding confused. “Did you dial the wrong number?” 
“I did not. Is Skylar off work?” Joe asked. 
Caleb was puzzled. “I’m already home. We finished work half an hour ago. I’m not a kid–if you have something to ask, just ask directly.” 
Though Caleb was younger and less cunning than Joe, he wasn’t na?ve. Joe had never called him without a solid reason before. He found it hard to believe that Joe would call just to ask if Skylar had finished 
work. 
If Joe wanted to know if Skylar was off the clock, he could have asked her directly instead of beating 
around the bush. 
“You’re quite sharp. Has Skylar been acting oddly today?” Joe’s tone was slightly cold. 
Caleb replied, “Oddly? No, she seemed fine. Skylar was her usual professional self and even chatted a bit before leaving. But she did go to the auction this morning with my grandfather and bought a few artifacts. My grandfather asked her to handle them.” 
“I see,” Joe said before ending the call. 
Caleb listened to the dial tone, his lips twitching in irritation. Wasn’t this a case of using him and then discarding him? Joe didn’t even thank him. 
Skylar arrived at the hospital shortly after. Janine’s leg was already in a cast. 
“Don’t worry, Skye. The doctor said it’s a minor fracture and nothing serious,” Janine reassured her, trying to ease Skylar’s concern. 
Given her age, her bones were more delicate now. She had spent years working in the fields and fell many times without sustaining a fracture. 
Understanding that Janine was trying to spare her from concern, Skylar collected the X–rays and medical reports. “Mom, I’ll consult with the doctor to see if there are any special instructions,” she said. 
“Okay. Janine sat in a chair in the corridor, waiting for Skylar. 
Nearby, other patients admired Janine and remarked on how considerate her daughter was. Janine smiled at the praise, but her expression suddenly turned serious, and she instinctively rose to her feet. 
###chapter760
As Janine attempted to stand, she wobbled and almost fell forward. Thankfully, someone nearby caught her. 
Once she steadied herself, she scanned the area seen was no longer there. 
“What happened?” the person beside her asked. 
refully, but the familiar fiqure she thought she had 
Janine appeared dazed. “Nothing. I thought I saw someone I knew, but it was probably just my mistake.” 
Just then, Skylar emerged from the doctor’s office. 
“Mom, I’m going to get the medication,” Skylar said. 
“Okay, go ahead,” Janine replied. 
Skylar, absorbed in the medical instructions, didn’t notice Janine’s slight shift in mood. 
When Skylar returned with the medication, Janine seemed to have returned to her usual self. 
Skylar drove Janine home and decided to stay for a few days. 
As soon as Janine realized Skylar intended to stay, she swiftly refused. “The fridge is stocked. Even with one leg out of commission, I can manage on my own. You should go back and not cause Joe any unnecessary worry.” 
“Mom, you need proper care for your broken leg. I can’t leave you by yourself,” Skylar insisted, sending a text to Joe to explain what was happening and her intention to stay at Yancey Residence for a few days 
Janine was well aware of Skylar’s stubbornness. Once she decided on something, persuading her otherwise was nearly impossible. So, Janine reluctantly gave in. 
When Joe arrived at Pearhall Residence, he noticed someone was visiting. He asked the household staff, “Who’s here?” 
“It’s Ms. Ruell.” 
“Ms. Ruell?” he echoed, a puzzled frown creasing his brow. 
When he entered and saw Vera, he was surprised. Vera was chatting happily with Gloria. She turned around when she heard a sound. With a smile, she greeted, “Joe.” 
Their unexpected meeting at Pearhall Residence was a surprise for both. Vera had primarily come to speak with Gloria but hadn’t yet had the chance, as Joe’s arrival had interrupted her plans. 
Besides, given Joe’s presence, it wouldn’t be appropriate to discuss her reasons for visiting right away. So, she decided it was best to save those words for another time when she could speak with Gloria 
privately. 
Gloria wasn’t surprised to see Joe alone at Pearhall Residence, knowing that Skylar had other commitments. Yet, she couldn’t help feeling slightly displeased that Skylar wasn’t there. 
Gloria questioned the purpose of just having her grandson there. 
Half an hour later, Joe and Vera left separately. 
Gloria was troubled. “Why did Vera come back now?” 
“Are you worried about Mr. Martin?” Edgar asked. 
Gloría nodded. “For years, Joe hasn’t let many people get close, and it’s because of her. Even though Joe hasn’t mentioned it, as his grandmother, I can tell.” 
“So, does Ms. Ruell’s visit means she wants to be with Joe? And where does Mrs. Martin fit into all of this? “Edgar asked, frowning. 
He was relieved that Skylar wasn’t present today; explaining Vera’s visit would have been difficult. 
“Joe would never neglect Skye,” Gloria said firmly. 
Edgar nodded in agreement. “Yes, Mr. Martin would never do anything to hurt Mrs. Martin. Besides, I believe he’s grown quite fond of her. Their relationship has been progressing well, and Ms. Ruell has been away from Jipsburg for years. Back then, Mr. Martin was still young. Now… we shouldn’t worry too much.” 
“It’s impossible not to worry,” Gloria replied, her voice heavy with concern. “Do they think I don’t know about the prenuptial agreement?” 
Edgar struggled to find comforting words. 
“Vera visited me today, and it wasn’t just a casual visit. Before Joe got here, she likely had something on her mind to discuss with me,” Gloria added. 
Edgar was surprised. “What do you think she wanted to talk about?” 
Gloria shook her head. “She didn’t get a chance today, but she’ll find another time to bring it up.” “Yes, she will,” Edgar agreed. 
###chapter761
Gloria sighed softly. “I hope Joe and Skye can get along well. If they do, I’ll be at ease.” Edgar nodded in agreement. “They will be, I’m sure. They both seem to be doing well.” 
Vera’s car was parked by the roadside under the streetlight as she inspected the front. 
She caught sight of Joe’s car in her peripheral vision. Her vehicle was hard to miss, even at night, and as she anticipated, Joe’s car pulled to a stop next to hers. They hadn’t been able to talk at Pearlhall Residence. 
Joe didn’t get out. Instead, Lucas stepped out and approached her. “Ms. Ruell, is there something wrong with your car?” 
Vera’s posture tensed slightly, her expression turning a bit rigid. Her eyes involuntarily shifted toward the car as she wondered why Joe wasn’t getting out. 
Lucas, thinking the wind might have carried away his words, repeated, “Ms. Ruell, is your car having issues? Let me take a look.” 
“It’s probably just broken down,” Vera replied absentmindedly, though she wondered if Joe was trying to avoid raising suspicion. The distance from Pearlhall Residence was significant. 
Lucas immediately began inspecting the car. 
Meanwhile, Joe stayed in his car, his eyes on his phone. The screen displayed his WhatsApp conversation, with Skylar. When he looked up, he saw Vera walking toward him. 
She tapped on his window twice, signaling him to roll it down. 
Joe obliged. 
Vera said with a touch of apology, “It seems I’ll have to hitch a ride with you. My car can’t be fixed right away.” 
Just then, Lucas approached. “Mr. Martin, I can’t repair Ms. Ruell’s car right now.” 
Joe responded, “Alright, get in.” 
As Vera reached for the car door, Lucas opened the passenger seat for her. “Please, Ms. Ruell.” 
Vera’s expression stiffened for a moment, but she quickly regained her composure. “Okay, thank you.” 
Meanwhile, a nearby camera captured the entire scene 
“Finally, we’ve got a shot of Martin Group CEO’s rumored affair.” 
“That woman is Vera Ruell, the young lady from the Ruell family who just returned from abroad.” 
“What a perfect match!” 
“This news will definitely make headlines.” 
Skylar and Janine were watching TV together. 
After some chatting, Janine sighed about the news of Sadie being killed by Peter. She couldn’t help but 
think of Maisy. However, she made sure not to mention Maisy in front of Skylar. 
After all, the path she chose was her own to walk. As for Maisy’s future, Janine could only hope for the best, wishing Maisy would make a better life for herself. 
The TV show playing was Skylar’s favorite–a family drama. 
The scene revolved around a father, away for more than a decade, coming home in frail condition. Stunned and harboring deep resentment, his wife and children were unwilling to accept him. 
Having been left by his former mistress, the father returned alone and haunted by memories of the family he had abandoned. 
“Skye, if it were you, do you think you could forgive him?” Janine wondered aloud, her thoughts wandering back to the vague figure she had noticed in the hospital. 
###chapter762
Skylar kept her gaze fixed on the TV, her answer firm. “No.” 
She would never forgive him. This scoundrel had abandoned his wife and children for years, all in the name of chasing his so–called true love. 
After disappearing for over a decade, he suddenly wanted to come back now that the kids were grown. He had been with his mistress all this time. Did he think his ex–wife was just a dumping ground for his past mistakes? 
He had neglected his wife and children for years, giving his best years to his mistress. Now, he should let 
the mistress and their child care for him. 
Janine wasn’t surprised by Skylar’s response. A small smile crossed her lips. She wondered to herself how, even with age, she still seemed so idealistic. 
The person she saw in the hospital must not have been who she imagined. That person certainly wasn’t the irresponsible character depicted on TV. 
“Mom, what about you? If you were the original wife on TV, would you forgive him?” Skylar asked. 
Janine hesitated briefly, then smiled and said, “Do I really need to say it? A man who’s that irresponsible is repulsive. He should keep his distance.” 
“Exactly, Mom.” Skylar nodded vigorously. Her adoptive mother was kind, but she had a sharpness that kept others from taking advantage. 
Janine and Skylar watched another episode of the show. 
When it ended, Skylar headed to the bathroom. But before she could come out, there was a knock on the 
door. 
Sitting on the couch and leaning on her crutch, Janine tried to stand up. “Who’s there?” 
Old buildings lacked soundproofing, so her voice was clearly audible outside. 
“It’s me, Mom.” 
Initially, the voice sounded a bit unfamiliar, but Janine quickly recognized it. “Is that you, Joe?” 
“Yes, it’s me.” Joe’s voice came through the door again! 
Janine immediately adjusted her stance, leaning on her crutch to open the door. 
Skylar just emerged from the bathroom. She said, “Mom, let me get that. You sit down.” 
“Alright,” Janine replied. She returned to her seat and set her crutch aside. It was her first time using a crutch, so she was somewhat unaccustomed to it. 
Skylar opened the door and saw Joe standing there, holding health supplements in both hands. She never expected to see him carrying health supplements and couldn’t help but smile slightly at the sight. 
“What brings you here?” she asked instinctively. 
Joe raised an eyebrow, wondering if he wasn’t welcome. 
In his usual calm manner, he answered, “I came to visit my mother–in–law.” 
Skylar had momentarily forgotten that Joe was now Janine’s son–in–law. Realizing this, she belatedly reached for the health supplements. 
“It’s alright,” Joe said, not allowing Skylar to take them from him. They weren’t heavy, after all. 
Janine smiled at Joe. “Joe, come in. Skye will get your slippers.” 
Skylár immediately fetched the slippers. 
As Joe changed into the slippers, he glanced at Skylar with a solemn look before walking over to sit on the couch. 
Skylar found his gaze puzzling. She pondered what that look meant. 
There was something about that look that made her feel guilty, as if she had wronged or hurt him in some 
way. 
“It’s nothing serious. The doctor said it’s just a matter of rest. Skylar is overly concerned. You and Skye should head back; I can manage on my own,” Janine said. 
Joe nodded. “I’m glad to hear you’re okay, Mom. I’ll stay here with Skye for the next few days to help take care of you.” 
“What?” Skylar was surprised he was going to stay. 
###chapter763
Observing Skylar’s astonished look, Janine felt something was amiss. She wondered why Skye seemed to not want Joe to stay. Did they argue? 
Janine lowered her head, contemplating for a moment before deciding, “Alright, Joe can stay here.” 
Joe nodded, his gaze fixed on Skylar. 
Despite her confusion about Joe’s behavior, Skylar acted as though she hadn’t noticed. It made sense for him to visit her mother, but his decision to stay over was puzzling. She questioned if their relationship was close enough to warrant this and if he was mindful of the possibility of misunderstandings, particularly her own. 
That night, they lay on a bed barely five feet wide. Joe’s presence made it feel even smaller. 
Unlike the Galaxy Villa, an uncomfortable awkwardness lingered. For a moment, silence reigned. 
When Joe’s arm reached out, Skylar jolted upright. She whispered, “The room isn’t soundproof.” 
The master bedroom and guest room were separated only by a thin wall with no sound insulation. 
Joe chuckled softly and withdrew his arm, resting his hands behind his head. He smirked, “Why do I get the feeling you’re deliberately reminding me the room isn’t soundproof? Trying to make things a bit more interesting?” 
“Not that it’s not possible,” he quickly added. 
Skylar’s face flushed. “Be quiet.” 
His suggestive words were disconcerting. Thankfully, he kept his voice down. If Janine had heard, Skylar would never have been able to face her again. 
Joe’s eyes twinkled with amusement. “The bed may be small, but it could offer a different experience. Wouldn’t you like to try it?” 
“Joe! Do you really think I won’t kick you out?” Skylar gritted her teeth. 
She wondered where the aloof, self–controlled man she knew had gone. The Joe who usually maintained a cold demeanor now seemed completely different. 
Skylar couldn’t help but think that whenever Joe got into bed, he turned into someone entirely unlike his usual self. 
Noting that he’d pushed his teasing to its limit, Joe pulled Skylar into an embrace and instructed, “Stop moving.” 
If she kept wriggling, he might actually do something about it. As he lay next to her in bed, he felt no urge to restrain himself. 
Skylar bit her lip and lay still in Joe’s embrace. 
The next morning, Skylar and Joe had breakfast together at Yancey Residence. 
Janine had risen early and, leaning on her crutch, prepared a simple breakfast. 
I’ve said that I can take care of myself. You both should get back to work. Don’t fret about me; I’m fine at home, even if I can’t go downstairs. You can be assured.” 
“Mom, don’t worry about lunch. I’ll order some delivery. In the evening, I’ll pick up groceries and cook 
when I get back,” Skylar said, still feeling uneasy. 
After considering it, Janine didn’t . She could handle lunch but agreed to let Skylar take care of it to ease her worries. 
Once Skylar and Joe left for work, Janine turned on the TV. The rerun of the drama Janine and Skylar had watched the previous night played on the screen. 
As she watched the unfaithful male lead, her thoughts wandered back to a figure she’d seen the day before. She smiled and shook her head. “Why do I seem to be getting more imaginative as I age?” 
Then, she picked up the remote and changed the channel. 
That morning, Joe didn’t have Lucas pick him up. Instead, he walked downstairs and got into Skylar’s car. 
Skylar glanced at Joe, who was seated in the passenger seat. 
“Are you looking at me like that because you’re hoping I’ll kiss you?” Joe asked, his mood buoyed by the good night’s sleep they’d shared. 
With a forced smile, Skylar said, “I was just considering that my bed might not be quite large enough for someone as esteemed as you, Mr. Martin. I wouldn’t want you to be uncomfortable.” 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter764
Skylar had barely slept the night before. Joe had used her as a human pillow, pinning her down and making it impossible for her to move. Furthermore, the heat was oppressive, like being trapped in a sauna during the summer. 
She had to layer on concealer to hide the dark circles under her eyes and chugged a large cup of coffee just to function. Without it, she wasn’t sure how she’d get through the day. 
“Don’t worry. I don’t mind the discomfort,” Joe replied quickly.. 
Skylar forced a tight smile. 
The traffic was light, so she dropped Joe off at Martin Group and then headed to work. 
The moment she clocked in, Steven and Charles called to check on Janine’s condition. They were swamped but promised to bring lunch later in the day. 
Afterward, Skylar dove into her work. 
After lunch, she returned to the office, ready to tackle the day’s tasks. Just as she was about to start repairs, Caleb burst in. “Skylar, come with me. My grandfather called earlier and he’s fuming. He hasn’t even touched his lunch. When I asked him what’s wrong, he just glared and wouldn’t say who upset him or why.” 
A few minutes later, Skylar met with Alexander. His face was clouded with anger. 
“I contacted the grandfather of that Ruell girl. Although we’re not close, we’ve known each other for years and have some level of understanding. 
“I never expected him to dismiss me as senile, claiming I was out of touch and that those ancient artifacts couldn’t possibly be powerful. It’s infuriating! was just trying to help, and it blew up in my face!” 
In Jipsburg, few would dare disregard his authority. It was shocking that a distant acquaintance would reject his credibility. 
“Well, if that’s how it is, Grandpa, don’t let it get to you. If they prefer to dive headfirst into trouble, let them. If anything major happens, they shouldn’t expect you or Skylar to get involved,” Caleb remarked. 
Skylar filled a cup with water from the nearby dispenser and set it on Alexander’s desk. “What’s meant to happen will happen. You’ve fulfilled your responsibility by warning them, so there’s no reason to feel guilty. “You’re right.” Alexander’s expression softened. He seemed more at ease. 
He was known for his integrity and didn’t want to stand idly by while some families in Jipsburg were schemed against. But after his warning was met with skepticism, he decided it was best to step back. Continuing to interfere would be seen as meddling. 
Meanwhile, Caleb was at a loss for words. No matter how he tried to convince Alexander, it was futile. Only Skylar’s words seemed to have any effect. 
After Denton ended his call with Alexander, his displeasure was evident. It was the kind of frustration that came from being criticized. 
When Alexander’s call came through, Vera was present. She had previously told Denton about her observations at the auction, leading Denton to form a poor impression of Alexander. As a result, Denton 
was disinclined to discuss much further after taking the call. 
“Mr. Gardner Senior is really getting old. How can he believe in such nonsense at his age?” Vera said, displeased. Her plan to surprise her grandfather was derailed by Alexander’s call. 
Though Denton was also irritated, he managed a smile at Vera. “It’s quite common. As people age and grow more afraid of death, they often start believing in all sorts of irrational things. 
“Mr. Gardner Senior might be distinguished and esteemed, but that doesn’t mean I lack competence. Being away from the company’s affairs has enabled me to delve into antiques, and he was likely just misled.” 
“I’ve learned a lot from you since I was young. Now that you’re aware of this, I’ll arrange for someone to bring the items over so you can examine them properly,” Vera quickly offered. 
“Alright, have them sent over.” 
An hour later, a household staff delivered a roll of antique paintings to Denton. 
Denton was an avid collector of ancient paintings and spent his free time admiring his collection. He had heard George’s building was filled with various antiques and believed his collection far surpassed anything George could boast. 
“I’ll unroll it for you,” Vera said, carefully unfolding the antique painting. 
###chapter765
At home, the antique painting looked even better than it had at the auction. 
Its traditional charm was irresistible. The artwork depicted portraits of people and scenes from daily life, creating the illusion of stepping into another world. 
Vera was equally enchanted by it, while Denton gazed at it in silence for a long time. Finally, he slapped his thigh and exclaimed, “Excellent! This is a marvelous painting. It surpasses any of the ones I’ve collected before.” 
“I’m glad you like it, Grandpa.” 
“This is the best birthday gift I’ve received this year.” 
It was rare for Denton to show such enthusiasm. This was the first time Vera had 
seen him so animated. His reaction confirmed that he truly appreciated the gift, and Vera felt relieved for winning the painting at the auction. 
She hadn’t expected Alexander’s pettiness after losing the bid on the painting he wanted to give Skylar, he complained to her grandfather. He even claimed the two items she had bought were cursed and would bring misfortune, but to Vera, they were just fine pieces. She couldn’t see where any trouble could arise. 
Jenny finally had a private moment with Joe in the underground parking lot. Seeing him brought back all the recent turmoil, and her eyes filled with tears. “Joe…” 
Before college, they didn’t see each other daily but met frequently. Even after she moved to Korel City, he visited her at college. Although he only came when she was hospitalized, it still showed that he cared–so being neglected now felt particularly hurtful. 
Paul noticed Jenny’s reddened eyes and quickly scanned their surroundings. Thankfully, no one else was nearby. 
“Is something wrong?” Joe asked. 
As a tear rolled down Jenny’s cheek, she quickly wiped it away. “I’m just… I’ve been dealing with a lot at work lately and am starting to doubt myself. Since you taught me so much when I was younger, I wanted to see you first.” 
Her eyes were earnest, revealing no hidden motives. 
Paul was perplexed by Jenny’s transformation since returning to Jipsburg. He wondered if she truly believed a seemingly plausible excuse could conceal her 
intentions. If he could discern her deception, Joe, with his keen intuition, would surely see through it as well. 
“There’s no need to doubt yourself. Just focus on doing your job well,” Joe said. He Towered his gaze and maintained his usual demeanor. 
Joe questioned whether crying over work issues was helpful. Had he ever taught her 
that? 
Jenny was stunned. “Joe, can we have dinner together?” 
“Concentrate on gaining experience and honing your skills. There’s no need for dinner,” Joe said before turning and walking away. 
Paul didn’t follow Joe. Noting Jenny’s clear dissatisfaction, he gently advised, “Ms. Scott, staying with the Martin Group might not be the best use of your time. Mr. and Mrs. Martin have a solid relationship. It might be better to focus your efforts elsewhere.” 
Jenny bit her lip, her expression hardening. After a moment, with tears forming in her eyes, she looked at Paul and said, “I’m not sure I understand what you meant.”
###chapter766
Paul stood there, dumbfounded. “Fine, if you didn’t get it, then forget I said anything.” 
He waved his hand dismissively, signaling the end of the conversation. 
Paul thought Jenny was overly confident, believing herself so clever that no one could see through her intentions. 
Jenny stood there, her face pale and her tears long since dried. 
Joe had already driven off. 
Joe had recommended that she focus on learning and improving her job skills. Jenny couldn’t help but wonder if she truly lacked abilities, considering how she had managed to get into Martin Group in the first place. 
Her skills might not rival Paul’s, but they were still noteworthy. Joe simply didn’t see her potential. 
“Is Skylar the only one you care about now?” Jenny’s voice dripped with bitterness. 
But it wasn’t just Skylar–Vera had also returned. Another wave of jealousy surged through Jenny. Everyone else seemed to have a place in Joe’s life, while she felt left out. However, she refused to accept being sidelined. 
Just then, her phone rang. Seeing the caller ID, Jenny’s demeanor changed instantly. It was Molly. 
“Mrs. Martin,” Jenny answered with a respectful tone. 
“Did you deliver the pen I asked you to give Joe?” Molly didn’t bother with 
pleasantries, getting straight to the point. 
“Yes, I placed it on Joe’s desk a few days ago,” Jenny replied. 
“Good. You’ve done well, Jenny. I’ve always had a high opinion of you, and Joe’s 
father is also very pleased. Do you have time today? Come over for dinner,” Molly’s voice softened, speaking like a kind and caring elder. 
When an elder extended an invitation, it was impossible to refuse. 
Jenny was quick to respond. She didn’t want to upset Molly. “Of course, Mrs. Martin. I just finished work. I’ll head over right away.” 
The last time she met Edwin and Molly, Jenny sensed their dislike for Skylar. Now that they trusted her enough to invite her to dinner, she knew she had a real opportunity. She wasn’t concerned about Vera or Skylar. 
After Molly hung up, she instructed the household staff to prepare dinner and then went upstairs. She knocked a few times before entering. 
“Jenny will be here shortly,” she informed Edvin. 
Edwin looked up, a spark of anticipation in his eyes. “Good, make sure everything is 
set.” 
Molly hesitated, feeling uneasy. “Are you sure about this, darling?” 
She had known about Edwin’s past relationships but had chosen to ignore them. It was easier to pretend they didn’t exist. However, Edwin’s planning to entertain women at home this time made her uneasy. 
Edwin’s expression darkened. “Sure about what?” 
young. Plus, 
“She’s a girl your son raised. She just graduated from college and is still she’s clearly in love with Joe. If things-” Molly trailed off, struggling to find the right words. 
Edwin interrupted impatiently, “Enough. No need to discuss it further. There’s no room for negotiation. Don’t let anything go wrong.” 
“Alright,” Molly sighed. 
Skylar and Joe arrived at Yancey Residence. 
Janine was sitting on the couch, watching TV. 
“Steven and Charles came by in the afternoon. They bought a lot of groceries and cooked several dishes before they left. All you need to do is heat them up,” Janine said as they entered and changed into their slippers. 
Skylar responded with a smile, saying, “Okay.” 
Then, she went directly to the kitchen. The kitchen counter was filled with several dishes made by Steven. They only needed to be warmed in the microwave before 
eating. 
Joe followed her into the kitchen. 
“How do we heat this? I’ll handle it,” Joe offered. 
He glanced at the microwave. He had never used one before and wasn’t sure how it 
worked. 
Skylar chuckled. “No need. I’ll take care of it. This is an old model microwave, and I’m 
used to it.’ 
17 
Once they moved to their new house, they would have brand–new appliances, which would be easier to use. 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter767
Joe didn’t insist further. He stood by with his hands in his pockets, his gaze fixed on 
Skylar. 
Once Skylar finished microwaving the dishes, she noticed Joe still lingering in the kitchen. “Please take the dishes out. Dinner’s ready,” she instructed. 
“Sure,” Joe replied. 
Joe wasn’t exactly the ideal husband type who excelled at housework, but he didn’t mind sharing the chores with Skylar. She cooked; he cleaned. Now that she had heated up the food, he was happy to help out by bringing it to the table. 
Skylar gave him a small smile. 
Joe’s picture–perfect husband image was short–lived. While he was in the shower, Skylar found a gossip article with the headline, “Secret Couple Unmasked: Their Identities Revealed!” 
The article exposed Joe, the CEO of Martin Group, and Vera, the eldest daughter of the Ruell family, as the perfect couple. Photos showed Vera getting into Joe’s car, and sitting in the front passenger seat–an unmistakable sign of her special status. 
“Joe’s girlfriend, Vera, exposed for the first time!” 
“This is truly a perfect match!” 
“This couple is simply perfect together!” 
The buzz surrounding them was even hotter than a celebrity relationship reveal. 
Natalie, always quick to catch wind of gossip, messaged Skylar on WhatsApp.” What’s going on? Not only did Joe never announce your marriage, but now it looks like he’s cheating on you. This is too much! Skye, don’t be afraid.” 
Having been betrayed herself, Natalie was worried Skylar might get hurt. What made it worse was how blatant Joe was being, openly flaunting his relationship with Vera as if to make it clear Skylar was easily replaceable. 
Skylar could imagine how furious Natalie was. “These photos and news don’t mean much. At worst, Joe and I might end up divorced.” 
Natalie felt relieved. “It’s good that you two don’t have strong feelings for each other.” 
Skylar’s eyes shifted. “Yes, it’s fortunate that we don’t have any strong feelings. Let’s not talk about it now. He’ll be back from the shower soon,” she texted. 
Skylar exited her WhatsApp. 
Joe didn’t notice anything unusual about her. He was drying his hair with a small towel, still damp from the shower. 
Since they weren’t at Galaxy Villa and had to share the bathroom with the family, Joe put on his pajamas directly in the restroom, which left him slightly uncomfortable from the lingering moisture. 
“There’s a villa near our place that belongs to me. We can move Mom there,” Joe said, looking at Skylar. 
When he noticed her distant expression and the change in her demeanor, his eyebrows raised slightly. She had seemed fine before he went to shower. He wondered why she was suddenly so serious. 
Skylar declined his offer. Her tone was flat as she said, “Thank you, but I recently bought a house. My mom will be able to move in soon.” 
Fortunately, the place she bought was spacious, with plenty of rooms. After the divorce, she could simply move there. 
The photo showcased Vera in a breathtaking manner, making her appear dazzling and captivating. However, Joe wasn’t in the photo; it merely showed Vera getting into the car as the door was about to close. 
Joe’s expression darkened. His tone grew colder. “Is something wrong?” 
“Shouldn’t we schedule a time to visit the courthouse? There are a lot of divorces happening lately. We should set a date,” Skylar said, meeting his gaze directly. She wanted to take control of the situation and not just react to whatever came her way. 
###chapter768
Skylar was overwhelmed by the flood of gossip and news, feeling powerless in the midst of it all. The thought of someone discussing true love as if it were priceless only deepened her dread. 
Joe’s gaze darkened as he looked at Skylar. Do you want a divorce?” 
Skylar smiled. “Isn’t that what you want?” 
Her encounters with Vera had left her feeling stung by the woman’s open disdain. To Vera, Skylar likely appeared nothing more than a disgraceful mistress. 
Joe’s expression hardened, and he said nothing as he dressed. Before leaving, he remarked, “We’ll discuss the divorce after the contract ends.” 
Once Joe had gone, Janine knocked and entered the room. She asked cautiously,” Why did Joe leave so suddenly?” 
Despite her inner turmoil, Skylar’s face remained impassive. “He had something urgent to attend to and won’t be back tonight. It’s late, so you should get some rest, Mom.” 
Janine nodded but remained worried. “Be honest with me. Did you two have an argument? This visit feels different from the last one.” 
Skylar admitted, “There have been some unpleasant moments, but it’s nothing serious. We’ll sort it out. Don’t worry, Mom.” Although she hadn’t anticipated Janine noticing, she chose not to deny it. 
Reassured by Skylar’s openness, Janine felt better. She believed that newlyweds often faced adjustments and minor conflicts, which was normal. 
“Alright, I’ll go rest. Remember, communication is key. Don’t let misunderstandings fester; even small ones can strain your relationship. I’ve been through it and 
understand how important it is.” 
Janine offered this heartfelt advice before heading to bed. 
Skylar lay in bed, reflecting on Janine’s words. She realized that even minor misunderstandings could lead to more significant issues and recognized the need for a serious conversation with Joe. She planned to address things openly once they were back at the Galaxy Villa. 
Dinner lasted over an hour at the Moran Residence. Jenny arrived and waited for 
about half an hour before dinner began. 
Edwin and Molly were unusually kind tonight, asking her many questions, which she answered honestly. 
As dinner was wrapping up, Edwin inquired, “Did you have any boyfriends in college?” 
Molly added with a smile, “With your looks, you must have had quite a few suitors in college.” 
With a hint of blush, Jenny replied shyly, “No, I dedicated myself to my studies in college. While there were some who showed interest, I wasn’t interested in them. To me, no one else could compare to Joe.” 
This was the truth. Compared to Joe, the boys at college seemed ordinary, and none could measure up to his level, let alone Rowan’s 
She couldn’t risk having any blemishes on her reputation, so she turned down everyone who pursued her. That was why she was confident in truthfully answering that she had never had a boyfriend. 
When Edwin heard her say no one compared to Joe, his expression subtly changed A hint of dissatisfaction colored his tone, though Jenny didn’t notice it. “Yes, Joe is certainly remarkable.” 
Molly sipped her tea, keeping her head down. She understood Edwin well; although Joe was his son, Edwin resented the praise, feeling it reflected poorly on his own standing. He was supposed to command respect and run the Martin Group, but Joe had taken over his position, leaving Edwin feeling overshadowed and bitter. 
Jenny glanced at the clock. It was 10:00 pm. “It’s getting late, so I’ll leave you both to rest. If you need any help, I’ll be more than willing to assist.” 
When she finished speaking and stood up, she felt dizzy, perhaps from standing too quickly. 
She even struggled to keep her balance. 
###chapter769
Jenny said, “I…” 
Molly quickly supported Jenny. “Are you feeling unwell?” 
Jenny shook her head. “I… I’m not sure. I’m feeling a bit dizzy. It should be nothing 
serious.” 
She tried to leave, but the dizziness intensified with each step. Struggling to keep her balance, her expression shifted. “I… I think I might be getting sick. Could you call 911 for me?” 
“Let’s have you stay here tonight and rest. I’ll call a doctor over shortly. Let me help you upstairs.” 
“Thank you, Mrs. Martin.” 
Hours seemed to stretch on. Feeling increasingly overheated, Jenny tried to pull at her clothes, but her weakened state made it impossible. 
In her dazed state, she thought she must be ill, but reassured herself it would be fine. Molly would call a doctor, and she’d recover quickly with proper treatment. 
Edwin and Molly were genuinely kind. They must be pleased with her. She believed that as long as she showed Joe her true self and gradually exposed Skylar’s nature, she could still end up marrying him. Jenny was sure of it. 
Perhaps the illness was worse than she thought. Someone entered the room and helped her out of her clothes, relieving some of the heat. 
Groggily, she opened her eyes and murmured a thank you, only to be silenced by a 
kiss. 
Looking up, she saw who was kissing her and murmured, “Joe… you came to help 
me? I feel so awful.” 
With “Joe” close by, her discomfort began to fade, and Jenny’s response grew more enthusiastic. That night was intense and wild. 
On the other side of the wall, Molly lay in bed with a blank expression. Despite her earplugs, she could faintly hear the sounds from the next room. 
“You’re just a little hussy. You just said you’ve never had a boyfriend, but who knows how many you’ve actually had.” 
Edwin, now showing signs of age despite his efforts to stay youthful, had a particular 
fondness for younger women. 
N 
A sliver of light slipped through the partially closed curtain, landing on Jenny’s face. She frowned, feeling a bit uncomfortable, and turned over, trying to fall back asleep. 
However, something blocked her movement. As she became more awake, she felt pain all over her body. Exhausted and groggy, she forced her eyes open. 
For a moment, she wondered if she was dreaming. She closed her eyes again, convincing herself it was just a dream–there was no way Edwin could be in her bed. Slowly, she opened her eyes again
and met Edwin’s gaze. He was already awake. 
X 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter770
Jenny couldn’t believe what had just happened. It felt like she had been struck by lightning. 
Edwin sat up with a faint smile on his face. 
“How could you be in my bed? I…” Jenny’s mind was racing, her face drained of color as she tried to piece together the events of the previous night. 
It wasn’t a dream. It was real. 
But the person in bed with her wasn’t Joe. It was Edwin. 
Edwin’s smile remained gentle. “You climbed into my bed in the middle of the night. Don’t you remember? Don’t worry, I had a great time last night. I’ll make sure you get what’s coming to you.” 
Jenny was utterly flustered, avoiding Edwin’s gaze as she noticed the marks on her body. 
The pain coursing through her reminded her that this was no dream. But how could she have willingly climbed into Edwin’s bed? She had always liked Joe. Her first time was supposed to be for Joe. 
How could it have been… 
As Edwin got out of bed, his voice carried a satisfied note. “You were good for your first time. If there’s anything else you want, let me know. From now on, you can visit me whenever, and I’ll ensure you get what you’ve never had before.” 
His words and tone reeked of satisfaction, but Jenny couldn’t bring herself to respond. As she left the Moran Residence, it felt like she was still trapped in a 
nightmare. 
She had only come for dinner. She had no idea how she ended up in Edwin’s bed. 
She had a few drinks last night, but she wasn’t that easily drunk. She had handled alcohol before, back in college. She couldn’t fathom how this had happened. 
She had saved her virginity for Joe, something she had always cherished. Now, was gone, just like that. 
As Jenny stumbled into a cab, a car drove by. Inside was Paul, who had just opened the window for some fresh air. 
To his surprise, he saw Jenny. 
“Hmm? What’s Jenny doing here?” 
She looked like she had just left Moran Residence. 
Paul squinted, noticing that Jenny seemed disoriented as if she had experienced some kind of shock. 
Paul stroked his chin thoughtfully. 
Meanwhile, back at Moran Residence, Edwin, who usually had little appetite in the morning, poured himself an extra glass of milk today. 
Seeing the smug look on Edwin’s face, Molly felt a wave of discomfort but chose to ignore it. 
“Transfer 500 thousand dollars to her later,” Edwin told Molly. 
Molly was caught off guard, hesitating before she asked, “500 thousand dollars?” 
She thought the amount was excessive. “500 thousand dollars for just one night? Is she really worth that much?” 
Edwin replied, “Yes, it’s because it was her first time.” 
In the past, when he was with Molly, he hadn’t cared whether it was her first time. His infatuation had overshadowed such concerns. But now, with age, it seemed he valued those things more. 
Molly’s expression changed. She didn’t say much and simply agreed. “Alright, I’ll transfer the money to her.” 
: 
Paul hurried to find Joe after leaving the PR department. 
Sarah had just called him over to review the news from the past couple of days. He needed to know if Joe wanted to intervene. 
Others might not know, and the reporters might be clueless, but Paul and a few others were well aware of Joe’s marital status. When Joe was single, it wasn’t a big deal. But now that he was married, they needed to be careful about these gossip stories. 
Paul knew a bit about Vera. He had thought the last candid shot of her was just a coincidence, but this time… 
###chapter771
Even if Vera insisted it was just a coincidence, Paul refused to believe it. 
Gossip news often thrived on rumors and speculation, but this was different. Such rumors had not surfaced until Vera’s return. This was unprecedented. 
“Mr. Martin, could you explain what’s happening? Are you planning to end your relationship with Mrs. Martin earlier than expected, and then give Ms. Ruell a formal position?” Paul asked. 
Joe glanced at the headlines with a frosty expression. “Have Sarah handle it.” 
“So… am I right?” Paul pressed, unwilling to let it go. He felt a pang of sympathy for Skylar, thinking she was being treated unfairly. 
Recently, Skylar and Joe’s relationship had visibly improved, but Vera’s sudden appearance complicated matters. 
Joe’s gaze turned icy. “Get out.” 
Paul retreated, realizing he should not push further. Joe had always been private about his personal life. 
… 
Paul encountered Jenny again during the lunch break as he left the restaurant. Though he hadn’t been particularly curious about her before, seeing her leave Moran Residence in a daze earlier and now entering a pharmacy looking distraught piqued his interest. 
His colleague noted it too. “Jenny seems off today. She used to be so lively, but now she’s quiet. She’s buying medicine; maybe she’s caught a cold.” 
“A cold?” Paul mused. Could a cold really make someone seem so distressed? 
He suspected Jenny’s departure from Moran Residence was more than a coincidence. Something was amiss. 
Jenny’s recent behavior had become increasingly baffling. Considering the situation between Edwin and Joe, why would Jenny visit Moran Residence? He decided an investigation was necessary. 
Meanwhile, after purchasing her medication Jenny entered a nearby restaurant. Once seated, she opened a bottle of water and took an emergency contraceptive pill. 
She had hoped last night’s events were a nightmare, something she could dismiss 
But reality proved otherwise. 
Confusion clouded her thoughts as she pondered her next steps. 
Just then, she received a text from the bank confirming a 500,000 dollar transfer. Shortly after, a WhatsApp message from Molly arrived. “Thank you for your efforts last night. Here is your payment. Feel free to visit us again.” 
Had she received this message on another day, she would have been elated and responded immediately. But now… The message felt like a stab to her heart. 
500,000 dollars… 
They paid 500,000 dollars for what happened last night. 
She questioned how this was possible and why it had occurred. She struggled to understand what was happening. 
She questioned if Edwin’s claims were true. He said she had willingly joined him in bed, but her memories were tangled with moments of intimacy with Joe. 
She couldn’t accept it. Edwin was Joe’s father–how could she ever face Joe after this? 
Rowan and Minerva had just finished a passionate encounter. Their bodies were sticky with sweat. 
Rowan, ever gentle afterward, suggested Minerva shower first. 
As he sat on the edge of the bed, smoking a cigarette and scrolling through his phone, an old Messenger notification pinged. He recognized the profile picture immediately. Driven by impulse, he clicked it 
“Rowan, what should I do? I wish everything I’m going through was just a nightmare. I know you probably won’t respond, and I know you haven’t used Messenger in ages. But please let me believe there’s still hope.” 
###chapter772

Chapter 772
Jenny continued, "If only someone could be here with me right now and tell me that the past two days were just a nightmare, maybe I wouldn't feel so helpless.
"Is everyone around me destined to leave eventually? If I'd known it would end like this, I should have gone back to the countryside and led a simple life. At least there, people wouldn't have rejected me because of my background."
Her words conveyed a deep sense of despair. Rowan was left wondering what had transpired in her life over the past couple of days. He was lost in thought, contemplating her distress.
After finishing her shower, Minerva emerged and saw Rowan engrossed in his phone. "I'm heading out. See you at the courthouse tomorrow."
She wasn't sure if Rowan even heard her, as he didn't look up from his screen. His attention was entirely focused on his phone.
Minerva wasn't concerned; their relationship was strictly transactional — a family alliance. After having a child, Rowan was free to live as he pleased.
However, she had her own struggles. She was battling fertility issues.
Moments later, Rowan heard the door close and snapped out of his daze, realizing Minerva had left. He glanced toward the door, then back at his phone. After a brief pause, he dialed a number from his contacts.
The call was answered almost immediately.
"Rowan? You finally called me back. I feel like everyone is abandoning me, and I don't know what to do." Jenny was surprised that Rowan called her.
It seemed Rowan had seen her message on Messenger. She had taken a gamble, never expecting him to actually notice it.
"What happened?" Rowan's voice sounded indifferent.
Jenny's unease grew. "I... I had a nightmare. In the dream, I was being bullied and couldn't fight back. Everyone was blaming me, saying it was all my fault. I tried to explain, but no one believed me. Not even you, Rowan. It felt so real... I was terrified."
She couldn't bring herself to tell him about last night's events. No matter how many times she tried to cleanse herself, she felt tainted.
"It was just a nightmare?" Rowan's tone grew colder.
"Yes, Rowan, it was terrifying. I was really scared." Jenny's sobs were audible over the phone.
Rowan's lips pressed into a thin line. "Stop being so dramatic, Jenny. If you keep this up, your nightmare might become reality."
He had been deceived once again. With that, he ended the call.
Jenny was left in stunned silence. The tone of the disconnect signal echoed in her ear. She couldn't believe Rowan had hung up on her, the cruelty of his actions cutting deep. It felt as if he had no understanding of the torment she was enduring, both physical and emotional.
All she wanted was to be with the person she loved, yet even that seemed like a transgression. The universe felt relentless in its punishment, pushing her into despair.
Rowan, ignorant of her suffering, had only compounded her pain. Jenny wondered if he felt satisfied now.
And Skylar --if she knew, she'd probably be thrilled, no longer fearing Joe would be taken from her.
Jenny would bear all this pain alone.
As Skylar was about to leave work, she received an unexpected call from Jenny. "Hello?"
"Skylar, you and Joe are never going to happen. Do you even realize that aside from Mrs. Martin Senior, no one in the Martin family actually approves of you? It doesn't matter that you work for Mr. Gardner Senior-nothing will change! Skylar, I really can't stand you."
Jenny unleashed all her pent-up jealousy and hatred toward Skylar in a single breath.
Skylar's voice remained cold and indifferent. "Are you done?"
###chapter773
“Not yet, Skylar,” Jenny said, her voice laced with defiance. “Do you think I’m so easily pushed around? Are you happy now that Joe is distancing himself from me?” 
“I’ll tell you something,” Jenny spat out angrily. “You won’t be laughing in the end. You two are bound to get divorced sooner or later!” 
If she couldn’t have Joe, then neither could Skylar. 
Skylar’s response was icy. “Whether I laugh in the end remains to be seen. But Jenny, you won’t even get that chance. Being delusional is a sickness. You should get that checked. And by the way, I don’t like you either.” 
With that, Skylar ended the call and slipped her phone back into her bag. 
Skylar understood that Jenny was young and prone to impulsive behavior, but the constant drama was beginning to wear on her patience. She probably ran into some trouble with Joe earlier today, and now she was taking it out on her. 
Skylar thought Jenny was pathetic. She made her way downstairs a few minutes later to clock out. Just then, her phone rang again. It wasn’t Jenny; it was Natalie. 
“Skye, guess where I am?” Natalie’s voice bubbled with excitement. 
Skylar smiled and asked, “Where?” 
“I’m at Yancey Residence. I came by to see Ms. Yancey and brought a ton of groceries. When you get home, you’ll have a hot meal waiting for you. Hurry back!” 
Skylar stopped in her tracks. “You’re really at my place?” 
“When have I ever lied to you? Hurry back! No more talking, I’m heading to the kitchen to get started.” 
Skylar was surprised by Natalie’s sudden visit. They had only exchanged a few texts earlier, and Natalie had mentioned she planned to visit Janine 
soon, but Skylar hadn’t expected her to show up so quickly. 
When Skylar arrived home and opened the door, she was greeted by the mouthwatering aroma of food. Despite Natalie’s youthful exuberance and tendency to view things in black and white, she was an excellent cook. 
Janine commented, “Nath’s cooking is incredible. I offered to help, but she insisted on doing everything herself. If she weren’t already married, I’d love to have her as a daughter–in–law.” 
Janine’s admiration for Natalie was clear, though Skylar had not 
mentioned Natalie’s divorce to her. Now was not the time to bring it up. 
Skylar smiled and replied, “My brothers have always been focused on their careers.” 
Janine had been troubled by the recent issues between Steven and Annie. 
“Well, a strong focus on one’s career isn’t a bad thing,” Janine mused thoughtfully. She reflected on Steven’s tumultuous relationships in the past, believing that love couldn’t be rushed. When the time was right, everything would fall into place. 
Skylar entered the kitchen, where Natalie was still cooking. Hearing Skylar’s footsteps, Natalie glanced up from the stove. “You’re back already? Was there no traffic?” 
“The roads were clear, so I got lucky. Is there more cooking to be done?” Skylar asked. 
Natalie replied, “Just the last dish. You can wait in the living room.” 
“Okay,” Skylar responded. 
An hour later, after dinner, Skylar and Natalie took a leisurely walk around the complex. The area was small and cozy, filled with elderly residents. They strolled slowly, enjoying the peaceful evening. 
“If something’s bothering you, you should talk to me about it,” Natalie said, her concern evident. She had recently learned unsettling news–Joe and Vera were high school classmates, and Vera had been Joe’s past love. 
The series of paparazzi shots seemed orchestrated by Joe himself. 
Natalie thought it must be true. After all, there had been no recent news about Skylar and Joe, despite their marriage. 
###chapter774
Skylar was feeling particularly low at the moment. She had been carrying a heavy burden, a result of unresolved issues with Joe that were difficult to put into words. 
“I’m fine. Don’t worry about me,” she assured Natalie. 
Natalie raised an eyebrow but didn’t press further. She was worried about Skylar, who had already been hurt by Christopher and now seemed to be struggling with Joe. She hoped Skylar wouldn’t bottle up her emotions. 
After their meal today, she was comforted by Skylar’s upbeat demeanor. They lingered in conversation as dusk settled in. 
Noticing the time, Natalie said, “I should head out now. Make sure you and Ms. Yancey get some rest.” 
“I’ll drive you,” Skylar offered, grabbing the car keys. 
Natalie had come directly from the film set and had not driven that day. 
As Natalie began to decline the offer, her phone rang. It was Hank. 
“Oh? Okay, I’m not too far away. I’ll head over now.” 
After ending the call, Natalie informed Skylar, “Looks like you’ll need to give me a ride after all. Mr. Powell and the crew drank too much at the restaurant. Hank has a pressing matter and can’t pick up Mr. Powell, so I’ll have to go get him.* 
“Alright, let’s go. I’ll take you,” Skylar said. Then, they headed toward her 
car. 
“Will Ms. Yancey be okay alone at home?” 
“It’s fine. I’ll give my mom a call and let her know.” 
Soon, they arrived at a Floan restaurant. 
Skylar followed Natalie into the restaurant. 
Upon reaching the private room, they saw three or four drunk people. The room was large, and it appeared the others had already left. The 
remaining few were waiting for a ride. 
In Jispsburg City, drunk driving was heavily enforced. Celebrities, in particular, were cautious about not driving after drinking. 
Skylar waited outside the private room. 
After greeting the others, Natalie approached Austin. “Mr. Powell, I’m here to take you home.” 
Though Austin had drunk quite a bit, he was resting on a nearby couch, eyes closed. He looked as if he was asleep but opened his eyes when he heard Natalie’s voice. 
Seeing Natalie, his gaze softened slightly. 
“Alright, let’s go,” he said, standing up. He seemed fine initially, but as soon as he took a step, Natalie noticed something was off and quickly helped 
him. 
“The car is right outside. I checked earlier, and there are no reporters waiting.” 
Austin gave a gentle nod and hummed softly in response. He allowed Natalie to hold him. 
When they reached the door and saw Skylar, Austin recognized her.” Nath’s friend?” 
Skylar smiled and nodded. 
The three of them left the private room and took the elevator down. 
When the elevator doors opened on the ground floor, they were ready to step out. Skylar, behind Natalie and Austin, was confused when they both suddenly paused. 
“What’s going on?” she asked, peeking outside the elevator. Her gaze froze slightly at the sight. 
It was a coincidence. Joe and Jeremy, along with a few others, were 
standing right there. 
Joe didn’t notice her at first, his attention focused on Natalie and Austin. But when he noticed someone else behind them, his eyes quickly swept 
over. 
Skylar felt a shift in Joe’s expression when he finally saw her. She looked away from him. 
Skylar then glanced at Jeremy. Jeremy’s gaze was cold, fixed on Natalie as she linked arms with Austin. Even without speaking, his eyes conveyed a chilling anger. 
Skylar silently thought that if they had arrived just a few minutes earlier, they would have avoided this encounter. 
###chapter775
The atmosphere was as tense as a battlefield. 
Natalie hadn’t anticipated running into Jeremy. Since their divorce, they had hardly interacted. The last time they crossed paths, she could feel the widening gap between them. But now, seeing Jeremy again, it was as if she had done something wrong. 
It felt like they were still married. 
It took her a moment to remember that they were already divorced. Following Jeremy’s gaze, she glanced over. 
To an outsider, it might have seemed like she had an intimate relationship with Austin. In truth, she was merely helping Austin steady himself. But there was no point in explaining–it would only make things more awkward. 
She forced a small, polite smile and greeted them, “What a coincidence. Are you here for dinner too?” 
Jeremy’s lips twitched slightly. His eyes were locked on Natalie, but he said nothing. 
Then, his gaze shifted to Austin. Despite being slightly tipsy, Austin met Jeremy’s stare with a calm demeanor. 
The silent exchange of glances between them was so intense that even Skylar, standing behind them, felt something was off. 
Just then, another person arrived as the elevator doors began to close again. 
Skylar broke the tension, “The elevator doors are closing.” 
Natalie’s face was slightly pale as she addressed Austin, “Mr. Powell, let’s head out.” 
Austin responded gently, “Alright, let’s go.” 
As they stepped out of the elevator, Austin gave Jeremy a nod as a polite 
te they passed Joe, he briefly 
nicest at her, and the 
nsson from the previous might seemed to hang in the air 
Skylar didn’t have time to dwelt on what Joe’s look might have meant. 
After leaving the restaurant, the three of then got into the 
Skylar drove Natalie and Austin 
The car’s atmosphere was oddly silent. No one spoke. Skylar focused the road, not thinking much of it. 
Through the rearview mirror, she noticed Austin watching Natalie. appeared lost in thought. 
The car’s interior was dim, lit only by passing streetlights. 
It was difficult to gauge Austin’s thoughts as he stared at Natalie 
Skylar sensed something unusual. Austin’s gaze at Natalie didn’t resemble that of a boss toward an employee. It seemed more like a man watching woman he cared about, with a hint of possessiveness. 
The realization startled Skylar. 
When the light turned red, she glanced at Natalie again. Natalie was still somewhat distant. Earlier, Jeremy’s silence at the restaurant had been unsettling. 
When the light turned green, Skylar checked on Austin again. He had closed his eyes, resting. 
Skylar wondered if she was overthinking things. 
Soon, they arrived at Austin’s home. It was a villa neighborhood. 
Natalie finally snapped out of her daze. ‘Skye, I’ll take Mr. Powell inside 
first. Wait for me ten minutes.” 
*Sure,” 
Natalie helped Austin out of the car. 
Skylar remained in the car, watching Natalie and Austin. From behind, Austin didn’t appear drunk. He walked steadily. Yet, he still relied on Natalie to support him. 
After they entered the villa, Na alie returned a few minutes later, quickly running back to the car. 
###chapter776
"The assistant is coming over; he’ll take care of Mr. Powell. We can take our leave now," Natalie said as she buckled her seatbelt.
Skylar nodded, started the car, and pulled away from the curb. As they reached the highway, Natalie’s chatter picked up again. "Mr. Powell won't be busy in the upcoming days, so I’ll finally be able to take a break. You can contact me if Janine needs anything; I know you've got your hands full lately."
Skylar thanked her with a small smile and dropped Natalie off at her destination shortly after. Notably, neither of them mentioned the unsettling sight of seeing Joe and Jeremy together at the restaurant earlier.
Natalie didn’t head straight up to her apartment. Instead, she stopped at a convenience store near her neighborhood to buy two yogurt drinks. Savoring the cool sweetness, she walked the rest of the way home, the gentle evening breeze helping to lift her grim mood.
However, the peace didn't last.
Just as she unlocked her door, a hand suddenly clamped onto her arm. Before she could react, Natalie was spun around and pressed against the icy hallway wall. The cold seeped into her bones. She opened her mouth to scream, but the cry died in her throat when she realized the aggressor was Jeremy.
"Jeremy, you—"
The scent of wine and lingering alcohol wafted off him. He glared at her with a dangerous, predatory intensity she had never seen before. Natalie’s heart began to race in a panic.
"You divorced me not long ago," Jeremy growled, his voice low and threatening. "Have you already moved on to Austin?"
"What?" Natalie gasped, bewildered. How could he even think that? She was nothing more than Austin’s employee.
Jeremy pinched her chin, forcing her to look him in the eye. "Have you slept with him?"
They had known each other for a lifetime; Jeremy felt he understood her better than she understood herself. Natalie never used perfume, yet as he leaned in, a faint, unfamiliar scent wafted off her clothes. It was the unmistakable smell of men’s cologne—likely picked up from working in close proximity to Powell.
Her eyes widened in outrage. "That’s absolute bullshit!"
Natalie tried to shove him away, but it was like trying to move a mountain. He was too heavy, his strength fueled by a cocktail of alcohol and rage. In the past, she would have been thrilled to have him this close. Now, her only thought was escape.
"Then prove to me you didn't sleep with him," Jeremy challenged.
His muscles tensed as he suddenly hoisted Natalie into his arms and carried her into the apartment, kicking the door shut behind them with a resounding slam.
Terrified, Natalie shrieked, "Jeremy, you're drunk! Let me go! We are divorced—do you hear me? We aren't married anymore! You have no right to barge into my house like this!"
Jeremy ignored her protests. He knew every corner of her apartment as well as his own. He headed straight for the bedroom, his grip unyielding.
"I told you—prove to me you haven't slept with Austin!" Jeremy roared, his words underlaid with a primal fury. "Natalie, do not test my patience. You are my woman. No other man is allowed to touch you. Don’t you understand that?"
Natalie thought she had misheard him. She was livid. "Jeremy, listen to yourself! We are divorced! There are no ties between us anymore. Austin and I have a strictly professional relationship. But even if we were involved, you would have no right to interfere! You have no right to break into my home and demand anything from me!"
Jeremy didn't listen. He yanked his tie off and discarded his shirt, hovering over Natalie as he pinned her to the bed. She tried to scramble away, but she was confined by his weight and his overwhelming shadow. In his drunken, jealous state, he reached out and began to tear at her clothes, determined to reclaim what he still believed belonged to him.

###chapter777
“Jeremy! You’re drunk. Sober up. Do you know what you’re doing right now? 
27 
Natalie shrieked. She sobbed fearfully. 
However, her cries were futile in calming Jeremy down. Her strength was nothing in the face of Jeremy’s muscles. She couldn’t stop him from taking her skirt off. He even undid her bra skillfully. 
Suddenly, a loud slap rang out. Natalie trembled as her palm tingled. 
Jeremy’s movements halted. A familiar glint of lust could be seen in his eyes.. 
Her terror reached new heights. The loathing she’d done her best to suppress made a comeback. 
“Jeremy, you’ve drunk too much!” Then, Natalie bit her lip. Tears glimmered in her eyes. 
Jeremy wasn’t drunk. That bit of alcohol wasn’t enough to get him wasted. 
He’d known that she wasn’t a willing participant from the start. Yet, he couldn’t watch Natalie get together with someone else. 
“You’re my one and only wife,” Jeremy emphasized solemnly. 
Natalie was horrified. She said, “We’re divorced. You’ll marry someone else in the future, but it won’t be me. Jeremy, you’re not drunk, are you?” 
“Divorce?” Jeremy echoed coldly. He laughed self–deprecatingly. 
“Are you sure you didn’t sleep with Austin?” Jeremy asked once more. 
Natalie inhaled deeply. She said, “I’m only an employee in Mr. Powell’s studio. I work hard at my assigned tasks. I don’t involve myself in the dirty work you’re envisioning. Mr. Powell wouldn’t develop feelings for his employees.” 
She was extremely self–aware. There were countless beauties in the entertainment industry. Why would Austin disregard those gorgeous 
were and develop a crush on her instead? 
‘That’s not the point. My affairs have ripthing to do with you anymore. Jeremy, we can only treat each other as siblings at most, or perhaps even friends,” continued Natale. 
Jeremy regained his rationality. He got off her bed and stood by it. He furrowed his brows as he stared at the clothes strewn on the floor. 
“Remember what I’m telling you now. You cannot date anyone else without my permission. You will remarry me one day.” 
Natalie shrieked incredulously, “I won’t remarry you! Don’t you understand? We’re done! Nothing will happen between us ever again! We’ve got documents detailing our divo locked up at home. This is evidence enough to prove that we’ve severed ties. On the day we got divorced, knew that we would never get back together.” 
Natalie hadn’t thought that Jeremy would still harbor hopes of getting remarried. He treated her as one of his possessions. 
Jeremy stared at her with pursed lips. In the end, he put his clothes on and left. 
A chill ran up her spine as Natalie listened to the door slam. She numbly- looked down at her bra, which was hanging precariously on her shoulders. Then, Natalie refastened it stiffly. 
Jeremy’s strange behavior was jarring. It was as though she had never 
really known Jeremy. 
Suddenly, she chuckled lightly and said, “I’ll never fall for anyone else ever again. I’ve never thought of getting remarried either.” 
Thankfully, Jeremy hadn’t thrown a tantrum before Austin. She would’ve lost her job if he had. Natalie would also be too embarrassed to continue working under him. 
A few days later, Janine had made a full recovery. Charles had taken a few days off work to take care of her. Skylar returned to Galaxy Villa. 
She hadn’t contacted Joe in the past few days and had no idea whether he’d come home. 
After running into him at the restaurant, Skylar had made up her mind. She would have an open and honest conversation with him. 
###chapter778
Skylar prepared a few dishes. Then, she sat down and waited. 
If he had been free, Joe would have come home around this hour. 
Occasionally, he would be 20 minutes late. 
20 minutes passed with no sign of Joe. It looked like he hadn’t returned home for the past few days. 
Skylar ate dinner. Then, she did some cleaning till 7:00 pm. 
Suddenly, the doorbell rang. 
People seldom came to Galaxy Villa. The helpers from Pearlhall Residence would’ve come in directly. They didn’t need to ring the doorbell. 
She walked to the door and watched the figure on the screen. It was Vera. Skylar was rather surprised. It would be disrespectful to pretend that no one was at home. After all, all the lights were on. 
In the end, Skylar opened the door. 
Vera wasn’t stunned to see Skylar. 
Considering that Joe let Skylar drive the car Vera had gifted him, he was definitely generous with Skylar. Vera had sent someone to investigate. Skylar stayed at Galaxy Villa most of the time. 
However, Skylar hadn’t been staying there for the past few days. 
“I’m here to talk to you,” said Vera. 
If she wanted to talk to Joe, she wouldn’t have sought him out at Galaxy Villa. It was too risky and wasn’t her style at all. 
Skylar nodded and invited, “Do come in.” 
After Vera sat down, she scanned her surroundings. She’d heard that Joe stayed here most of the time, but she’d never visited him before. 
The mansion felt warm and inviting. Perhaps it was because of 
presence 
Vera glanced at Skylar’s home attire. It looked like she treated Galaxy Villa as home. Discomfort rose within Vera 
Skylar asked, “So tell me, why did you want to meet me?” 
She didn’t hate arrogant people. However, the way Vera put herself on a pedestal and looked down on others instilled discomfort in Skylar. 
“You’ve been flitting between different men trying to please all of them at the same time. Isn’t it tiring?” 
All the articles about Vera and Joe had been erased. Vera suspected Joe didn’t want the rumors about their relationship to spread. 
What did this mean? Vera wasn’t willing to dwell on it. However, she could have a chat with Skylar. 
Vera believed that Skylar was driven solely by personal profit. Money was the only thing that mattered to her. She could sell herself if that was what it took. Thus, if Skylar could be paid off, she
wouldn’t be an issue at all. 
Skylar’s expression turned cold. She scolded, “What’s wrong with you?” 
When had Vera seen her flirting with different men? 
Vera frowned and continued arrogantly, “There’s no need to put up and act in front of me. You’re with a different man every time I see you. I don’t know how you organize so many relationships. I have no idea why Joe is so forgiving toward your lovers either. However, it doesn’t matter. Name your price.” 
Money was what they cared about most. If money could resolve the problem, it wasn’t a problem at all. 
Skylar couldn’t help but giggle. She mocked, “You think I’ve got complicated relationships with men just because I dined with them or showed up to events with them? Did one of your middle school teachers teach you how to reason, or did you learn this overseas?” 
###chapter779
There had to be something wrong with Vera’s brain. If Vera hadn’t been Joe’s first love, Skylar would’ve driven her out of the house with a broom. 
Vera stood up abruptly and declared, “There’s no need to deny it after you’ve already done it. Besides, there’s no one else here!” 
Skylar was the kind of person who pretended to be a virtuous wife even after whoring around. 
She didn’t behave so innocently before Joe, did she? She was embroiled in complicated relationships with multiple men. Yet, she could still act na?ve and innocent. 
The entertainment industry lost a star when Skylar didn’t pick up a career in acting. She was an excellent performer. 
“It’s getting late. I would like to go to bed. It’s time for you to leave,” Skylar stated. She did not have the patience to explain herself and chased Vera out. 
“Wait. You haven’t named your price. I can give you a sum of money. You’ll no longer need to eat out of a man’s palm. 
“I know you’re working in Mr. Gardner Senior’s team. Do you know that you’ve destroyed his reputation as an honorable man? He’s getting old. Aren’t you afraid that things will get out of hand? If anything happens to him, you won’t be able to bear the consequences!” 
Vera’s expression was one of utter displeasure. She couldn’t comprehend why Skylar wasn’t feeling inferior before her. Skylar came from a lower–class background. Instead, she didn’t even see Vera as a threat. 
Who gave her the confidence to behave like that? Was it Joe? Or was it Alexander? Perhaps it was Rowan and Aiken. 
Vera had heard rumors regarding how Skylar had visited Alexander’s mansion. He even allowed her unrestricted access to his home. Skylar didn’t harbor much of a standard for men. She dabbled with men of all ages! 
Vera couldn’t comprehend how Skylar could fool such an intelligent man. Had she tamed her with her skills in bed? 
Skylar slapped her. “You can humiliate me all you want, but I will not let you humiliate a respected elder of mine! Vera Ruell, if you don’t like me, talk to Joe about it straight out. Have him come to me. You don’t have the right to throw a tantrum at me. Get lost.” 
Vera was stunned. She cupped her face and stared at Skylar incredulously. She then raised her hand, about to retaliate. However, Skylar grabbed her hand. 
“You deserved to be slapped,” Skylar stated firmly. She stared at her coldly. 
Respect was a two–way street. Evidently, Vera didn’t deserve her respect. 
“Let go of me. Skylar, have you thought of the consequences of pissing me off? You should know my relationship with Joe!” Vera tried to yank her wrist out of Skylar’s grip. However, she failed. 
Vera’s expression changed. She wasn’t expecting Skylar to be capable of such strength. 
Skylar’s stony expression softened. She did know of their relationship. The color drained from her face. 
Skylar let go. 
In the face of Skylar’s silence, Vera thought she’d calmed down, and fear had overcome her after the fact. She chuckled coldly and said, “I believe you’ve realized the difference between the two of us at the auction. You needed Mr. Gardner Senior to procure the item you wanted. However, I can purchase what I want on my own. I could even grab your favorite antiques from under your nose. 
“Didn’t you adore those antiques? Yet, you couldn’t get them. Think about what this means for you. When you get to the bottom of things, you can seek me out at Ruell Residence! However, I will make you pay for the slap.” 
Skylar’s expression twisted slightly upon hearing that. She seemed rather confused. 
“Who told you I wanted the antiques you purchased?” 
Vera smirked icily. She was such an avid actress, and her mask was always on. “Stop faking it. I can see right through you.” 
She knew that continuing to speak tonight wouldn’t yield any results. In addition, Vera’s thoughts were in a mess. There was no need to stay. She walked toward the door. 
The corner of Skylar’s lips twitched. She wanted to know why Vera thought she desired those antiques. Skylar said coldly, “I hope you won’t be begging me for mercy in the future.” 
###chapter780
“Beg you for mercy?” It was as though Vera had heard a hilarious joke. She was the heiress of the Ruell fortune. She was born differently. 
In comparison with Skylar, she stood at the top of the pyramid. Skylar could only look up at her in yearning. 
When she considered it from that perspective, Vera felt like she was demoting herself by being here. She even got slapped. She would make Skylar pay for her slap. Skylar would regret how cocky and ignorant she’d been. 
“You’ll be the one begging me for help,” spat Vera before leaving. 
Before Vera got into her car, she looked at Galaxy Villa one last time. She knew an ignorant woman like Skylar would only be a temporary plaything for Joe. 
After getting harassed by Vera, Skylar’s mood soured. 
It was dark outside. Joe wouldn’t be coming home. 
She decided to take a shower. Then, she retired for the night and began reading. 
Getting sad over a man and his first love wouldn’t be worth it. 
Joe was on the way back to Avalon Residence. He and Lucas were the only ones in the car. 
Gloria called. She asked, “When are you getting home?” 
Joe looked out the window and replied, “I’ll be arriving soon.” 
“Alright. I don’t think they mean well calling you back there. Garth is healthier than a 40–year–old. Why would he fall sick all of a sudden? Why would he stay home instead of going to the hospital? They’re just looking for an excuse to make you go back. Be careful,” Gloria reminded. She was extremely concerned. Ever since her husband died, the Martins plotted against Joe. 
Joe said, “Don’t worry, Grandma.” 
He wasn’t a na?ve kid with unrealistic expectations of his family anymore. Their schemes would be rendered useless to him. 
Gloria responded, “You little punk. This call of mine was unnecessary. There are not many people who can trap you now. Right, the helpers who’ve been cleaning Galaxy Villa told me that you and Skylar haven’t come home for the past few days. What’s going on?” 
Joe understood. This question was the main purpose of Gloria’s call. 
He looked back down and said, “Janine accidentally broke her leg. Skylar has been taking care of her at home. Sometimes, I visit her and stay a few nights.” 
He didn’t give full disclosure. Joe had been staying somewhere else. 
“That explains things. I haven’t seen Janine before. I’ll ask her to meet after she recovers. The two of you got married just like that. It’s a little unacceptable for the two of you to have done so without a wedding. I’ll talk to her. Then, we’ll plan your wedding,” Gloria said. 
“As to the wedding… we’re not in a hurry. We’ll talk about it in the future,” Joe said lowly. 
Gloria raised her voice and said, “What do you mean you’re not in a hurry? Of course you aren’t in a hurry. You’re a man. How about Skylar? What woman wouldn’t like to have a wedding? Only at a
wedding will the people in Jipsburg get to know her, and be aware that she’s your wife. Alright. I’ll arrange for this.” 
Joe’s eyes darkened. He believed that Skylar had fallen for Aiken. He was a charismatic man. There were rumors that Aiken had a new hobby of collecting antiques. He’d even bought a series of books about it. 
Joe pursed his lips. How invested. 
Gloria huffed. 
Upon hearing this, Edgar knew that she’d gotten angry. 
###chapter781
“Perhaps Mr. Martin would like to give Mrs. Martin a surprise. After all, these youngsters might prefer a different type of wedding.” 
Gloria thought Edgar’s words made sense. She said, “That might be possible. However, I feel like they’ve encountered some problems in their relationship. In addition, Vera has returned. I can’t help but worry 
about them.” 
“Don’t worry, Mrs. Martin Senior. I don’t think anything will happen to them. Look, Mr. Martin is helping Mrs. Martin take care of her mother. He wouldn’t have done so in the past. He looks unfeeling but is a softie on the inside. He adores Mrs. Martin. Yet, he doesn’t voice his feelings,” Edgar said. It was as though he’d seen through them. 
Gloria nodded and said, “I’ll believe that. Skylar is a one–in–a–million girl. I’m afraid Joe will regret letting Skye go. When he regrets his decision and tries to beg for her to come home to him, she wouldn’t even spare him a look.” 
So that was what she was concerned about. 
Edgar couldn’t help but chuckle. He said, “Don’t worry. Mr. Martin knows what he’s doing.” 
He was confused. If Joe cared deeply about Vera, why didn’t he go overseas to look for her and bring her home to marry her? 
The crux of the situation was that Vera wasn’t important to Joe. 
However, some things had to be experienced firsthand by those youngsters. Their advice wouldn’t be of much help. 
The second Joe crossed the threshold of Avalon Residence, the group of chatting men turned to him immediately. Among them was Garth, who had claimed to be gravely sick. Denton was present as well along with other members of the Martin family. 
With so many people there, the atmosphere brimmed with liveliness. 
Garth, who was allegedly down with a mysterious disease, waved at Joe and said, “Finally, Joe has arrived. Come over. Mr. Ruell Senior has just got here as well.” 
Denton’s eyes lit up upon seeing Joe. He said, “I haven’t seen you for the past few years. At long last we can meet. You’re able to hold your own now.” 
A few years ago, he’d thought that Joe wouldn’t be able to lead the Martin family. 
Yet, he had solidified the status and position of the Martin family in Jipsburg within a few years. They were doing better than ever. 
Coincidentally, Vera had thought things through and decided to return. It was time to confirm their 
engagement. 
An icy glare flickered across Joe’s eyes as he scanned the men present. He greeted, “Uncle Garth, Mr. Ruell Senior.” 
Skylar was startled awake from a nightmare. She thought someone was beside her, but when she glanced over, nothing was there. 
All the lights were off. The room was cloaked in darkness. 
She turned the lamp on and got out of bed. Skylar retrieved a towel and wiped at the sweat on her forehead. 
Every detail of the dream seemed so real. Skylar hadn’t dreamt like that in a long time. 
In her dream, Joe was under the influence of a negative item. He didn’t recognize Gloria or Skylar. After divorcing her, Joe married Vera. He even allowed Vera to hire a group of men to kidnap her and auction her off on the black market. Perhaps he believed their marriage was a blemish in his otherwise flawless reputation. 
Skylar’s dream ended with her being auctioned off for a million dollars. Her future was damningly bleak. 
Skylar knew it was a nightmare. She was aware that she’d been dealing with many negative items recently. It was taking a toll on her. Although it wouldn’t be able to harm her, it did give her a scare in her dreams. 
Only… It seemed so real, as though it was playing out in real life. 
After dabbing at her sweat, any traces of drowsiness had left her. She felt rather thirsty. Skylar went downstairs to get some water. 
Suddenly, she heard noises from the door, illuminated by the moonlight. 
Skylar questioned alertly, “Who’s there?” 
###chapter782
The person by the door froze. He wasn’t expecting anyone to be at home. 
Skylar took a step backward. She wanted to go back into the kitchen to grab a knife. 
The news had reported plenty of cases of homicide and robbery recently. Had Galaxy Villa become a target? 
The police were in the midst of their investigation. Was this murderer downright fearless? 
Skylar could hear her heart pounding. She wasn’t scared to get in a fight. However, she was terrified of murderers. 
“It’s me.” 
It was Joe’s voice. Skylar froze. Joe? 
That explained why the long limbs she’d caught a glimpse of in the moonlight looked familiar. She found 
it understandable why the murderer hadn’t been apprehended. His legs were too long. He must’ve been a formidable sprinter. 
“It’s you,” Skylar sighed. 
Joe was walking toward her already. 
She planned to go back upstairs directly after drinking some water, so Skylar didn’t turn the lights on. When Joe walked over, she saw only his silhouette–she couldn’t see his expression. 
“Who else would it be?” asked Joe. 
He’d gone to Janine’s house. Charles let him in. Only then did Joe know that Skylar wasn’t there. 
When he was about to head home, Garth asked him to go to Avalon House. 
Then, he drove home in the middle of the night. 
Joe had thought she’d be asleep. However, she had come downstairs to drink water. 
Skylar answered honestly, “I thought you were the murderer wanted by the police.” 
“A murderer?” Joe laughed. He didn’t look like a murderer, did he? 
“Yeah, the news reported a robbery and homicide. It also happened in a mansion. The mother and her three children all died. Her husband narrowly escaped. He’d been on a business trip. The murderer is still 
on the run.” 
“Galaxy Villa is equipped with an advanced security system. If someone wanted to rob you, they’d have to be invulnerable. Don’t you worry.” 
Skylar nodded and asked, “Would you like some water?” 
She hadn’t checked the time after waking up. Skylar had no idea what time it was. 
Joe hummed in response, so Skylar poured him a glass and handed it to him. 
They saw no issue in conversing with, the lights off. 
Joe downed his glass of water and said, “Let’s go upstairs and back to sleep.” 
“Alright.” 
Once they went upstairs, Skylar lay in bed. She checked the time and was surprised that it was already 4: 
Chapt4: 782 
00 am. It explained why it wasn’t completely dark outside. Dawn would be breaking in a while. 
Joe showered quickly and got into bed. He gathered Skylar into his arms and said, “Go to bed.” 
Skylar stiffened. Joe was behaving a lot like the night before they discussed their divorce. 
Drowsiness crept up on Skylar gradually. When she woke up, it was 7:00 am. Joe still had his arms around her. She gently shifted his arm off and snuck out of bed: 
Just as Skylar left the bedroom, Joe opened his eyes. 
Downstairs, Skylar prepared a simple breakfast. She made two sandwiches and poured some milk. 
Initially, she planned to eat some breakfast, get ready for the day, and head to work. But Joe had come home late last night, so he probably wouldn’t be getting up early. 
###chapter783
Just as Skylar was about to sit down and eat breakfast, Joe came downstairs. He had gotten changed. 
“I’ve made some sandwiches,” Skylar said. 
Joe nodded and replied, “Mhmm. I’m hungry.” 
They were silent as they ate. When they finished, they tidied up separately. 
The atmosphere between them seemed peaceful. However, there was something off about it. Skylar 
didn’t like to skirt around her issues. She asked Joe, “Will you be coming home for dinner?” 
Joe looked at her. He paused briefly before answering, “Yeah, I’ll be coming home.” 
“Alright. See you at night.” 
They would talk it out at dinner. 
Vera. immediately rushed over to Denton’s house after his call. He’d come back in the morning. 
Vera knew he’d been to Avalon Residence, and she was also aware that Joe had gone. That was why she went to meet Skylar. 
She had not gotten much sleep the previous night; her face throbbed from Skylar’s slap. Even after putting on medication, it still stung painfully. Vera was aware that it was only in her head. 
It was the first time Vera had ever gotten slapped. 
“Grandpa.” 
Vera set aside her emotions and regained her composure upon seeing Denton. 
However, he didn’t greet her with a smile like he used to. Instead, his expression was rather cold. 
“Vera, what’s going on between you and Joe? He spared me no deference last night. I’m his elder, not to mention a powerful man Jipsburg. Yet, he turned me down just like that.” 
Denton pounded on the table. The helpers jumped. Vera was stunned as well. She seldom saw him like this. 
Vera bit her lip briefly before steeling herself to ask, “Grandpa, what happened last night?” 
Hadn’t the Martins called Denton over to confirm the status of her relationship with Joe? 
Both families harbored similar thoughts, and the discussion should’ve gone smoothly. However, Denton mentioned Joe’s lack of deference. What happened last night? 
Denton said grimly, “Joe said that Mrs. Martin Senior had decided on his marriage for him. There was no need for Garth or anyone else to interfere. By saying anyone else, he was referring to me, wasn’t he?” 
“I don’t think that’s what he meant. Joe has carried the Martin family on his shoulders. He has the capability and the right to ensure his elders don’t stick their noses into his business,” Vera attempted to explain. 
A few years ago, she left Jipsburg because she believed Joe couldn’t stand up against the Martins. After all, it was him against the world. Other members of the Martin family would rob him of his power. 
Vera underestimated Joe. Not only had he protected what belonged to him, but he had also spread his wings of influence in Jipsburg. 
Years later, even a glance at Vera made her pulse quicken. 
After Denton heard her explanation, his expression calmed. He asked, “Did you meet the woman he’s with?” 
“I had a chat with her. I hoped that she would leave Joe on her own. She refused to do so. If I’d known that she would be such a hassle, I would’ve come home months ago. It would’ve saved me a lot of trouble.” Vera regretted it slightly. 
She’d wanted to come home a few months ago. However, something happened before she could do so. Vera could only stay there for a few more months. Yet, these months gave Skylar an opportunity to slip in. Denton said with a frown, “You shouldn’t be too concerned about it. A woman from a background like this doesn’t pose much of a threat to you. Joe’s just playing. There’s no need to lower yourself to her level. Make sure you continue getting along with Joe. Ensure he proposes to you in a while.” 
Vera nodded confidently and said, “I’m confident I’ll be able to make him propose to me willingly.” 
Denton lifted his chin with satisfaction. Just as he was about to get up, a wave of dizziness seized him. He fell back down. 
“Grandpa!” 
###chapter784
“Grandpa!” 
Vera called for him twice in a row in her panic. 
A bunch of helpers crowded over and helped to examine him. 
Denton hadn’t lost consciousness. However, his face was ashen, and he felt frail. He said, “I’m fine…” 
He couldn’t see himself, but Vera and the helpers could see him just fine. They had never seen him so pale. 
Although he was getting old, he was very healthy. Denton was examined frequently at the hospital, and his personal doctor showed up every week. Considering this, Denton probably didn’t have any health problems. 
“Grandpa, why don’t we get you checked at the hospital?” Vera felt like something was wrong. 
Denton shook his head. He said firmly, “The doctor came yesterday. I’m fine. Why would I go to the hospital? I probably didn’t get enough sunshine today. Besides, I’ve been stewing with anger for the whole night. For my age, anger is the worst curse. It’s nothing much. You can leave first. I’ll admire those paintings. It’ll improve my mood.” 
For some reason, he felt uncomfortable whenever he wasn’t looking at those paintings, as though something was missing. Looking at his paintings was as important an affair as eating and breathing. 
“Are you sure you’re alright?” Vera was still concerned. 
Denton waved a hand and said, “It’s nothing. I’ll ask my doctor to come over at night.” 
This calmed Vera’s nerves. She said, “Alright. In that case, I’ll take my leave, Grandpa. You don’t have to worry about things between Joe and me. After all, I’ve just gotten home. Some things take time.” 
Today, one of Alexander’s friends arrived in Jipsburg. He had just finished checking into his hotel. 
Although he didn’t lay out his reasons for coming on the phone, Alexander had a feeling it had something to do with the negative items appearing frequently. 
Thus, he asked Skylar to come with him. 
“My friend learned from Viola for a while. Then, something happened to his family and he left Jipsburg. He left for decades. Now, he’s suddenly seeking me out. Something definitely happened. I’ll go there and take a look. If it does have something to do with the negative items, I’ll ask you to come take a look with me. There’s a mall opposite. Why don’t you have a stroll there?” 
Skylar nodded and said, “I’ll wait for your message at the ground floor of the hotel.” 
Walking around in the mall would take time. Waiting here made more sense, 
Alexander nodded and said, “Alright, I’ll go upstairs first.” 
After he went upstairs, Skylar found a place to sit. As she waited, she looked out of the window occasionally, From time to time, she chatted with Natalie through text. 
A cab stopped in front of the hotel. Jenny got out. 
She looked at the hotel towering over her. Her eyes were rimmed red. She appeared anxious and seemed 
Chapje /BA 
unwilling to proceed. 
Suddenly, her phone rang, 
She answered the call and said, “Mr. Martin, I… I’m at the hotel. Can you give me a little more time to think? Our relationship shouldn’t be like that.” 
“Why didn’t you say this while you were climbing into my bed? Don’t let me wait for too long. My room number is 2306. You can go in first. I’ll be arriving soon.” 
Jenny was devastated by his firm stance. She could only agree to it. 
Jenny would talk to Edwin about it. Things between them had been a mistake. Even though she’d slept with him, it was because she’d thought he was Joe. 
After calming down, she couldn’t regret it more. 
There were many hotels around Jipsburg. She wasn’t scared of running into any acquaintances. However, she was terrified of seeing Joe. 
Jenny walked into the hotel with her head lowered. 
###chapter785
Jenny walked into the lift and pressed the button to the 23rd floor. 
Skylar had been looking around. Coincidentally, she saw Jenny standing in the elevator looking extremely downtrodden. 
Jenny? Skylar was a little surprised, but she didn’t give it a second thought. She could’ve been here to meet a friend or a client. However, five minutes later, Edwin showed up. This rang alarm bells for her. Wasn’t it too much of a coincidence for two of them to appear in the hotel one after another? 
Skylar wasn’t a gossipy person. However, her curiosity was piqued. 
Just as she was conjecturing whether Jenny was here to see Edwin, Alexander called her and asked her to go upstairs. 
Skylar walked toward the elevator. She observed which floor Edwin had gotten off on. 
Would it be on the 23rd floor? 
When Jenny saw Edwin, she cried, “Mr. Martin, I’m just a young woman. I had a lot to drink that night. I was absolutely wasted, which was why I got involved with you. Mr. Martin, please forgive me this once, alright?” 
Edwin wore a crooked smile on his face as he questioned, “Did you say you’re just a young woman?” 
“Mr. Martin, I know that I’ve made a huge mistake. I hadn’t done that on purpose. I like Joe. If he found out about what happened, every flicker of hope would be extinguished for me. I’m begging you to forgive me just this once. Can’t you pretend like nothing happened?” pleaded Jenny pitifully. 
Jenny regretted seeking him out. She shouldn’t have been in such a hurry. She should’ve approached Joe slowly. 
Edwin grew impatient. He wasn’t there to hear her sobs. He was here to have fun. 
That night at home, Jenny had been half–conscious. He hadn’t enjoyed the experience to its fullest. The most exhilarating acts needed to go down in a hotel. 
“I’m not that patient. Go take a shower,” Edwin ordered. 
Jenny’s eyes were filled with tears. She stuttered, “I… Mr. Martin, I don’t want to.” 
Fate had been too cruel to her. First, it robbed her of her mom. Then, Joe began to loathe her. Now, Edwin was bullying her. Why was she being forced to undergo all the suffering? 
“You don’t have the right to choose. You accepted the money, didn’t you? I’ll transfer more money to you by today. In the future, you must come whenever you’re called,” Edwin announced arrogantly.. 
Then, he threw Jenny a bag of clothes. 
“Come out after you’ve put this on.” 
Jenny looked at the clothes inside the bag. Her face flushed crimson as she said, “Mr. Martin, we shouldn’t do this. Our first time happened under circumstances we couldn’t control. This time, we’re both sober. If I marry Joe in the future, how would I deal with him? How would I handle myself before you?” The more she thought about it, the more deplorable it became. 
“If you’re able to make him marry you, you’ll be able to please both of us at the same time. What’s so bad 
about that?” Edwin’s eyes narrowed gleefully. 
The color drained from Jenny’s face. 
She finally realized that Edwin wouldn’t spare her, even if she went on her knees and pleaded with him. If she didn’t obey him, she wouldn’t be able to remain in Jipsburg. She wouldn’t be able to stay with Joe either. In the end, Jenny slunk into the bathroom, feeling like she had been thoroughly humiliated. 
Skylar arrived on the 23rd floor too. 
However, the hotel was too big, with‘ countless rooms. Without information from the receptionist, Skylar had no way to confirm that Edwin and Jenny were in the same room. 
She had more important things to do. Skylar pushed it aside. 
After the doorbell rang, Alexander opened the door. 
“Come in, Skye.” 
###chapter786
After walking in, Skylar saw the man standing behind Alexander. He had a head of white hair with a chubby, round face. He looked like a kind old man. 
"This is Cameron Yates," introduced Alexander. 
"Good day, Mr. Yates Senior. I'm Skylar." 
When Cameron saw Skylar, he nodded with a smile. He praised, "Viola has always had an eye for people. What an intelligent young woman." 
They had roamed the earth for decades, encountering all kinds of people. From the first meeting, they could often discern someone’s character. Besides, Skylar was a child Viola had personally chosen. There wasn't another girl like her in the world. 
"Skye, come here and take a look at this painting. Mr. Yates Senior brought it here," Alexander said after laughing briefly. He didn't skirt around the topic and led Skylar straight into the guest room. 
It was yet another painting. 
It looked like a painting from the classical era. The water in the painting seemed to come to life and trickle down the stream. 
Cameron walked over. He appraised the painting on the table and said, "I participated in an auction a while ago. Someone auctioned this painting off. His family members had died of mysterious diseases, while his company went bankrupt. With no other option, he auctioned this painting off. The second I laid eyes on it, I knew something was wrong." 
"After Cameron told me about it, I invited him to Jipsburg to prevent any mistakes from happening. We can only confirm the nature of this painting once you've taken a look at it," said Alexander.
Skylar glanced at the painting and said, "Let me look at it first." 
After observing the painting thoroughly, Skylar relaxed. 
Just as she was about to speak, loud noises rang out from a room beside them. 
The hotel had excellent soundproofing. They wouldn't have heard what was going on if the occupants of the neighboring room hadn't made such a racket. 
The woman was shrieking pitifully. Everyone knew what was happening. 
Alexander and Cameron frowned while Skylar pretended not to have heard it. 
"There seems to be nothing wrong with the painting." 
Cameron froze. He confirmed, "Are you sure there's nothing wrong?" 
"Yes." 
"It looks like the fate of that family had nothing to do with this painting," Alexander observed. He sighed in relief. He'd thought the negative items had been scattered throughout the country. If they left Jipbsurg, it would be beyond their reach. 
Suddenly, an idea popped into Alexander's head. Viola had left Jipsburg, and no one knew where she was now. Had she known about this? 
Cameron exhaled a breath of relief alongside Alexander. He said, "That's great. I would never want history to repeat itself. Thank God it was all part of my imagination." 
"It's good to be alert," responded Alexander.
Skylar listened to Cameron's description of what happened decades ago. She had some inkling of it. Perhaps Viola had mentioned it once. 
Someone wanted to use those negative items to cause chaos in others' lives. In the beginning, no one was looking out for this, so many people fell prey to it. 
Thankfully, they were caught, and the chaos was stopped. 
"Mr. Yates Senior, you must be careful even after returning home. If anything seems off, you must talk to Mr. Gardner Senior about it," Skylar advised. 
Cameron nodded with a grin. He replied, "Alright." 
As time went on, the noises from the neighboring room grew louder. They could no longer ignore it. In the end, the three of them left the room. 
Before Skylar left, she glanced at Room 2306. Just now, she thought she'd heard the mention of Mr. Martin. 
It sounded rather familiar. However, the voice was marred by sobs. Skylar couldn't tell who it was. 
Was someone role-playing inside? 
… 
Two hours later, Jenny dragged her battered body out of the hotel. 
Her cab driver was concerned. Jenny didn't seem to be in the right frame of mind. He asked, "Did something happen to you, miss? Would you like me to make a police report?" 
Someone had clearly been rough with her, not to mention she was coming out of a hotel. Pretty girls tended to be harassed.
Upon hearing the police mentioned, Jenny shook her head. She said, "There's no need for that. I'm fine. Please drive me home as quickly as possible." 
Jenny didn't want to even think of what happened.
###chapter787
Edwin had to be a pervert. He wouldn't have inflicted that on her if he wasn't. 
What a madman! 
Suddenly, a notification popped out on Jenny's phone. It indicated that one million dollars had been transferred into her account. 
Edwin had also texted her about his satisfaction with her performance. 
Jenny trembled. She was seized with anger and fear. A sense of helplessness washed over her. 
Would she have to deal with Edwin for the rest of her life? 
No. She wouldn't have it. Jenny didn't want to go through that tortuous experience ever again. It would break her. 
"Mr. Martin, I can't bear it. I can't let myself do it. This will be the last time I meet with you." 
She waited for Edwin's response in anticipation. 
However, she was sent a video instead. It depicted her deplorable acts with Edwin at the mansion while half-conscious. 
Why was there a video of it? Jenny panicked. 
These videos couldn't be seen by anyone else. If not, she was done for. 
Jenny's fingers trembled as she typed, "I'm sorry, Mr. Martin. I'll come whenever you call for me. I'll do anything you ask of me. Please delete that video! I'm scared that others might see it." 
"Remember what you're saying now. When you're obedient enough, I'll delete the video."
Jenny was rendered helpless by his response. 
She put her head in her hands and broke down. Jenny muffled her sobs. 
She'd made a huge mistake, and she was fully aware of its magnitude. She shouldn't have sought Edwin out. 
… 
At Galaxy Villa, Skylar made dinner. She had gotten off work early. 
Just as she finished preparing dinner, Joe came home. He didn't change right away. Instead, he entered the kitchen and asked, "Do you need any help?" 
"I'm done already," replied Skylar. 
Joe took a plate from Skylar and carried it for her. 
Whenever they had dinner with each other, they usually settled for simple homemade dishes. 
Halfway through dinner, Skylar said, "I think there are a few issues in our relationship that warrants some discussion." 
Joe furrowed his brows and looked up at her. He asked, "What problems do you think there are in our relationship?" 
Did she want a divorce? 
"The fate of our marriage has been carved into stone from the second we entered into it. Grandma's health makes her vulnerable to any shocks now. I know you're staying in this marriage for her. I'm also aware that you don't like me—"
Before Skylar could finish, Joe cut in, "Don't put the blame on me." 
She claimed he didn't like her. Well, did she like him? Joe had a feeling she wanted nothing more than to leave him as soon as possible. 
Skylar froze. Her face fell. Suddenly, she realized they couldn't have a measured conversation. She said coldly, "Shouldn't you take the blame? If you weren't in a hurry to get a divorce, why would you allow the media to capture footage of you and Vera time and time again?" 
She couldn't sit and continue eating anymore. 
Skylar stood up and said, "Even though our marriage was based on a contract, that doesn't mean you can stomp all over my dignity, nor can your crush do so too. I'm proposing that we get a divorce now. I've prepared myself for it." 
Joe clenched his jaw. He stood up too and said, "What's going on between Vera and I isn't what you think. I've already told you not to blame me for that." 
He narrowed his eyes and studied Skylar. It was as though he could see right through her. He added, "Rather, you're the one who wants a divorce."
###chapter788
Skylar was enraged by Joe's explanation. What was he getting at by insisting that she was the one who wanted a divorce? 
Oh. She got it. 
"Alright, I'll wait for you to bring up the topic of divorce in the future. I won't be coming home in the coming weeks. If you need anything, just call." 
Joe was probably bothered that she had suggested they get divorced before he had the chance. 
Skylar found it unnecessary to continue their conversation. She walked to the door, put on her shoes, and left. 
He was silent. His jaw was clenched tightly. As the door slammed, he banged his cup onto the table. 
… 
Skylar only remembered that night had fallen once she'd left Galaxy Villa. She had only brought her bag and her phone when she left. She had nothing else with her. 
A cold breeze swept over her. She calmed down. 
Just now, Skylar had been too impulsive. When she thought of his attitude, her heart sank. 
Oh well. She had said what needed to be said. Skylar decided to stay in a hotel for the night. Tomorrow, she would pack her bags and move out of Galaxy Villa. This wasn't a bad idea at all. 
… 
The following day, Skylar applied for a leave.
First, she rented an apartment. Then, she drove back to Galaxy Villa. 
She had splurged in the past few months and purchased a lot of stuff, and she needed some time to tidy up. 
Without realizing it, she'd begun to treat Galaxy Villa as her home. It was a stark contrast to how strange it seemed to her at first. Looking at the familiar decor before her, Skylar felt as though there was a weight on her shoulders. 
Her relationship with Joe was destined to fail. Joe probably thought they were just two lonely people comforting each other. 
Skylar felt a tingling in her nose. She sniffled for a bit, and then she moved faster to tidy up. 
… 
In the afternoon, Skylar headed straight to work. 
When she got there, Alexander called her to his office. 
Upon walking in, Cameron greeted Skylar. The latter was surprised to see the former. She said, "Mr. Yates Senior." 
He nodded with a smile and asked, "Did you sleep poorly last night? Why do you look so exhausted?" 
Skylar agreed, "Yeah, it might've been because I only fell asleep in the early hours of the morning last night." 
The bed in the hotel was too soft. She wasn't used to it. In addition, her head had been swirling with a mess of thoughts. She couldn't calm down enough to fall asleep.
"I'm here to see you. Alexander told me about many things recently. I feel extremely insecure. Thus, I would like to invite you to my home so you can have a look at the antiques I have. I've been collecting quite a lot of bits and bobs in the past few years. Perhaps a negative item is hidden within the collection. Would you be able to come?" 
"Could we reschedule for next month? My mom fractured her fibula. She needs someone to take care of her," Skylar said. She understood Cameron's anxieties. 
Too many negative items had popped up for no apparent reason. It instilled panic in others easily. Someone was pulling the strings behind the scenes. These negative items seemed to penetrate every corner of society. 
Cameron nodded and replied, "Alright." 
"I'll have Caleb go with you. He can learn a little from you. I've got a friend working in a museum. Next week, please help me deliver two antiques over to him to be exhibited," instructed Alexander. 
"Okay." 
… 
Before getting off work, Simona called Skylar and invited her to her birthday party. She and Caleb would be the only guests. 
Aiken had something to deal with in the afternoon. He'd sent someone to gift Simona her present. 
However, after hearing that Simona had invited Skylar, he pushed his work aside. 
Simona questioned jokingly on the phone, "I think you've treating Skylar a little too well. Do you have a crush on her?"
"Don't speak such nonsense. She's married," said Aiken after a few moments of pause. 
"Oh," replied Simona. 
What a pity Skylar was married.
###chapter789

If Skylar weren't married, Simona would find a way to make the former her sister-in-law.
After work, Skylar and Caleb went to the mall to pick out gifts for Simona. Then, they went to the restaurant.
It was an inexpensive fondue restaurant. Many people were waiting outside.
"Simona has chosen a good restaurant. I heard my friends say that it was newly opened, and the fondue it sells is extremely authentic," Caleb told Skylar after walking in.
Skylar had heard Natalie mention it before. They'd agreed to dine here together next month. Who knew Skylar would eat here first? She took a picture of the restaurant and sent it to Natalie.
Simona had booked a private dining room. When they went in, they saw Aiken. He greeted Skylar politely before engaging in small talk with Caleb.
After everyone said hi to each other, Skylar passed her gift to Simona and said, "Happy birthday."
"Thanks," chirped Simona. She began opening the present.
Caleb handed his present to Simona as well. He echoed, "Happy birthday."
She took it from him and joked, "I don't need to guess. I know what you've given me. I'm more interested in Skylar's gift."
Caleb gave her something similar for every birthday.
It was either a bike or a helmet. If not, he would gift her some decorative items.
Caleb shrugged, brushing off Simona's disdain.
After unwrapping the meticulously wrapped present, Simona revealed a pair of bunny- shaped diamond earrings. Simona's eyes lit up. She enveloped Skylar in a big hug and exclaimed, "Skylar, these bunny earrings are gorgeous. I love them. I want to put them on now!"
"No problem. I'll help you put them on." Skylar took the earrings out and helped Simona wear them.
Although Simona carried herself like an adult, she was merely 19-years-old-just a kid, in other words. She enthusiastically expressed her love for people and things.
Aiken smiled upon seeing how well Skylar and Simona were getting along with each other. He hadn't seen Simona this ecstatic in a long time.
They spent their past birthdays silently, albeit with each other's company.
Today, they were surrounded by a warm buzz of conversation.
The bubbling pot of fondue before them smelled like the wonderful aroma of companionship to Aiken.
Joe returned to Galaxy Villa slightly drunk at 8:00 pm. The mansion was shrouded in darkness, and all the lights were off.
Joe paused for a second. Then, he turned the lights on and went upstairs.
When he returned to the bedroom, he noticed that something was off. He pursed his lips as his eyes darkened.
Joe strode to the walk-in wardrobe he shared with Skylar, only to see that her clothes were all gone.
Joe clenched his jaw as he turned around stiffly. He scanned his bedroom. There was nothing to show that Skylar had even lived here.
He couldn't believe in her audacity to pack up everything and leave. Was she so intent on getting a divorce?
"Alright. What an excellent move, Skylar!"
Joe wasn't expecting her to be so cold and heartless. Would they get a divorce just because she said she wanted it? What did she think about their marriage?
Suddenly, his phone pinged. He relaxed his hands, which had been balled into fists. Joe opened the message.
It was from Jenny. She said, "Joe, why aren't you with Skylar? I ran into her while I was having fondue with my colleagues. I think she's dining with Mr. Parkinson."
A few seconds, she sent him a picture. It depicted Aiken holding a ladle as he poured soup into Skylar's bowl. He seemed careful and gentle as he looked at Skylar warmly. Skylar smiled back at him.
###chapter790

They looked like a match made in heaven.
Although it was only a picture, Joe could see the sparks flying between them.
Joe's fingers tightened around his phone. He bit back the impulse to throw his phone at the wall.
They hadn't gotten a divorce yet, but Skylar was running to Aiken already. Was she this needy and desperate?
This explained why Aiken was even more panicked than Joe when Skylar was kidnapped. He'd been eyeing her from the start!
Jenny was distracted as she ate her fondue. She kept glancing at her phone.
Her colleagues in the same department had decided to eat together at this restaurant. Jenny wasn't feeling quite well yet, but she ignored the discomfort and came out with her
colleagues anyway. She was afraid they might notice something and spread scandalous rumors about her.
Who knew she'd run into Skylar?
Jenny purposely took a picture with Skylar and Aiken in the frame only.
She felt like Aiken harbored some romantic intentions toward Skylar, but wasn't sure whether it was merely a figment of her imagination. Jenny had seen Aiken interact with other women. He wasn't as eager or as friendly with them.
She had a few friends who'd slept with him before. They said he wasn't a considerate lover in bed. However, he was generous. Aiken was a heartless man, whether in bed or out of it.
Yet, after Jenny's meticulous observation, she noticed that Aiken was all smiles whenever it came to Skylar.
What did it mean when a man treated a woman well? He had ulterior motives toward her. If he wasn't doing so for the money, he probably wanted her. Aiken didn't need money from her. This meant he was eyeing Skylar herself.
Although Jenny didn't want to admit it, Skylar was gorgeous. Most men thought so too.
This picture would definitely cause Joe to misunderstand Skylar.
"Jenny, what are you looking at? You seem distracted. You've been in low spirits for the past few days. Have you fallen sick?" asked one of her male colleagues, Calum Pince.
Jenny said, "I've been feeling a little under the weather this week."
"If we'd known you were feeling sick, we would've gone for something milder. A fondue is still a bit too intense for the tastebuds. You've only eaten a few bites."
Jenny smiled and shook her head. She replied, "There's no need for that."
"I'll go to a neighboring store and get you some chicken noodle soup," he suggested. He was a chivalrous gentleman. When Calum saw Jenny looking so weak, he wanted to help her.
"Um, I can't trouble you like that. I'm not quite hungry. It's alright," simpered Jenny. She enjoyed being fussed over. She knew that he had ulterior motives. However, she didn't refuse his help firmly. Instead, she exhibited her vulnerabilities.
"It won't be an issue. I've tried their chicken noodle soup. It tastes delicious and is easily digestible. You don't have to worry about putting on weight."
He set off immediately.
"Okay. Sorry for causing you such trouble. Thank you so much," said Jenny shyly.
From the perspective of their colleagues, they seemed to be flirting. There was a little something between them.
Jenny cared not about their opinions. Wherever she went, there was an abundance of men waiting to shower her with attention. It wasn't like Jenny asked them to do so. They did so of their own accord.
She couldn't help but give Skylar a once over.
Skylar had a good relationship with Aiken and Simona. They chatted happily. Even Caleb, who had a stubborn temper, held Skylar in esteem.
The door to their private room was initially shut. However, they eventually opened the door, perhaps because it was too hot inside. If not, she wouldn't have been able to take their picture.
Why wasn't Joe replying to her? Did he not see it? Or was he currently livid after catching sight of the picture?
Jenny couldn't help but sneak a peek at Skylar once more. This time, Skylar looked back at her. She didn't seem surprised by Jenny's presence. The smile on her face from talking to the Parkinsons hadn't faded. However, her eyes were icy, as though she knew Jenny had been watching her.
###chapter791

Jenny felt a little diffident. However, she straightened up and glared back at Skylar. Why did she need to be diffident? She hadn't done anything immoral.
Skylar should've been the one feeling diffident. She wouldn't need to fear being
photographed if she was nothing more than friends with Aiken.
Skylar looked away after one glance at her. She probably didn't realize that Jenny had taken her picture. Jenny exhaled in relief.
Ten minutes hadn't even passed when Calum came back. He placed the chicken noodle soup before Jenny and advised, "Eat it while it's still hot."
"Thanks," Jenny replied. She beamed sweetly.
Calum seemed to be stunned by her beauty. Everyone else around the table grinned.
Half an hour later, Skylar walked into the washroom.
Jenny had been washing her hands. When she saw Skylar, she panicked. Then, she said, Skylar, what a coincidence! We even ran into each other at this fondue restaurant. I wanted to say hi to you just now. But you were with your friends, so I didn't want to disturb you."
Skylar was expressionless. She extended a hand to Jenny,
Surprised, Jenny asked, "What does this mean, Skylar?"
"How many pictures did you take of me?" Skylar had noticed Jenny sneaking glances at her and taking her picture. Today was Simona's birthday. She didn't want to confront Jenny in front of them.
Jenny widened her eyes. She said, "I have no idea what you're talking about. What photographs are you referring to?"
Skylar knew Jenny wouldn't own up to it. Jenny's behavior had been spiraling out of Skylar's expectations.
Jenny left a good impression on Skylar the first time they met. She looked like a sweet girl.
"Yesterday, you went to Milona Hotel and headed to Room 2306, didn't you?" Skylar asked coldly.
Jenny was terrified. She exclaimed, "Why would you..."
She realized that she had let something slip. Her eyes flitted around the room. Jenny didn't have the courage to look Skylar in the eye. She glanced down and said, "Your eyes have deceived you. I took a leave and went straight home yesterday as I wasn't feeling well. I didn't go to a hotel."
She'd looked at the ground while walking into the hotel, terrified that one of her acquaintances would recognize her. How had Skylar found out?
Skylar hadn't sent someone to stalk her, had she?
Then...
Jenny's heart thundered. She was terrified. What happened between Jenny and Edwin couldn't be leaked to anyone else.
"I'm giving you another chance. Hand me the phone," Skylar instructed. She didn't want to waste any more time on Jenny.
Jenny bit her lip diffidently and gave her the phone.
"Unlock it," ordered Skylar.
Jenny inhaled deeply. She gritted her teeth and unlocked it.
Skylar opened her album. As expected, there were pictures that Jenny had taken of her. She only captured Skylar and Aiken. Caleb and Simona couldn't be seen.
Clearly, Jenny harbored unkind intentions when taking the pictures.
"Jenny, don't you ever feel guilty or nervous? You've told so many lies," commented Taylor expressionlessly. She'd deleted the pictures.
She'd definitely gotten involved in something dodgy at the hotel. If not, Jenny wouldn't have seemed so diffident, nor would she hand over her phone just like that.
###chapter792

Jenny's features were scrunched up into a frown. After Skylar pointed her out, she was utterly humiliated.
She insisted stubbornly, "I'm not lying. The pictures might've been taken by accident. I wasn't paying much attention to my phone."
Although she tried to explain it away, she was full-on panicking. How much did Skylar know?
Skylar couldn't be bothered to waste her time with Jenny as she knew she wouldn't tell the truth. However, she was acting a little too secretive. It must've been out of diffidence.
If Jenny could've been a little smarter, she wouldn't keep fucking with Skylar. She wouldn't give a damn about her thoughts if that were the case.
Once she divorced Joe, Vera would be the annoyed one. It would have nothing to do with her. When she thought of a divorce, her gaze darkened. Her heart sank.
Jenny watched Skylar strut out of the washroom. She gritted her teeth in anger. Why was Skylar able to stampede all over her?
A few days later, Paul stood before Joe's office, his heart hammering in his throat. A few of his colleagues pumped their fists at him as a sign of encouragement.
Everyone in the building had watched Joe's temper grow over the past few days, and everyone pitied Paul for having to work with Joe.
Paul wanted to complain, but he didn't know where to start. He only discovered that Joe and Skylar had been arguing the past few days. Joe hadn't been staying at Galaxy Villa. When Paul asked Lucas about it, he told Paul that this had been going on for at least a week.
Paul connected the dots. Joe had turned into a workaholic over the weekend. He'd also sanctioned multiple departmental leads in a week. His argument with Skylar must've been catastrophic.
He gathered his courage and walked into Joe's office.
Joe was looking through some files. He didn't look up to acknowledge Paul's presence.
Paul handed him a document and said, "Mr. Martin, you have a video conference in 30 minutes."
Joe looked up and glanced at Paul.
Paul felt like Joe hadn't been speaking much for the past week. If he needed to do so for work, he did so in short and crisp sentences.
"Anything else?" asked Joe.
Paul's heart skipped a beat. He said, "Um, no."
He immediately tried to escape from Joe's office. Joe's moods had been extremely volatile. "Wait."
Paul halted in his tracks. He asked, "Mr. Martin, what else do you need from me?"
"Has Skylar sought you out?" Joe asked with darkened eyes.
Paul shook his head and replied, "Nope."
Joe's expression turned even icier. Paul couldn't help but tremble.
After getting out of Joe's office, Paul felt as though he'd narrowly escaped death. He ran into the stairwell and gave in to the impulse to call Skylar. Thankfully, she picked up.
"Mrs. Martin, I think Mr. Martin has gotten a cold. He's not feeling well," lied Paul.
He swore he heard Joe cough in the elevator at the start of the day. Although it was just one hack, it did have something to do with a cold. It wasn't exactly a lie.
Paul was a responsible and intelligent secretary. Not only was he excellent at his job, but he was also a great help facilitating Joe's happiness. Which secretary in Jipsburg could hold a candle to his prowess?
###chapter793

No one could hold a candle to Paul.
After a few seconds, Skylar replied, "If he's got a cold, he should get that checked at the hospital." She sounded extremely calm.
Paul had no idea what was going on. He said, "Uh... Mrs. Martin, would you like to come over and take a look? Mr. Martin doesn't like seeing a doctor whenever he's sick. He doesn't like eating medicine, nor does he listen to me. After all, he pays me, and I need to abide by his rules. You're more effective than me in this aspect."
"He doesn't listen to what I tell him either. You can ask Ms. Ruell to help. I'm still busy. I can't speak now, so I'll be hanging up," replied Skylar.
The beeping noises after Skylar hung up floored Paul.
Her attitude... This was a ginormous issue!
They hadn't cut ties completely, had they? Skylar had even mentioned Vera. It couldn't be... Did they have a falling out because of Vera?
Was Skylar less important to Joe than Vera?
This...
After calling Paul, he was even more confused.
If Joe cared for Vera, he should've been happy that he and Skylar had fallen out. At least he could have explained his behavior to Vera.
However, Joe didn't look happy at all.
Things were difficult now. The most glaring issue was that Paul couldn't get a read on Joe.
Skylar's mind wandered after ending the call with Paul.
Caleb had found someone to book the plane tickets.
When Skylar came back, she looked a little pale. He immediately asked, "Skylar, what are you thinking about? Are you feeling under the weather?"
She seemed alright while he walked out. Why had Skylar's expression changed so drastically after he walked out? It had only been ten minutes.
Skylar came to her senses. She put her phone aside and replied, "Nothing much, I must've lost some sleep last night. Have you booked the tickets?"
"I have. We'll be flying in the afternoon. We'll arrive tonight. Mr. Yates Senior will send people to the airport and pick us up from there," said Caleb.
Skylar said, "Alright."
"Are you sure you're alright?" Caleb felt like Skylar had been acting off for the past few days. Skylar shook her head with a smile and answered, "I'm fine."
She'd taken Janine to get examined at the hospital. She was recovering nicely. Steven had taken himself a short break. He would take care of her at home, and she would be able to work.
As to what was going on between her and Joe...
They probably wouldn't remain in this stalemate for long. She believed Joe was waiting for a suitable time to start the process of their divorce. Skylar just needed to wait.
When Paul got home, his mom tried to convince him to agree to go on a blind date.
After deflecting her perfunctorily, Paul hid in his room, where he received a call from the detective.
"You asked me to look into Jenny a while ago. I've dug up a bit of dirt on her."
Paul had forgotten this entirely. He'd run into Jenny a few times in the past week. Nothing seemed off except for her desperate desire to speak to Joe.
Paul asked dismissively, "What did you find?"
"She's been going to hotels at night. However, she doesn't go to the same one. Due to the guards stationed outside the hotel and client privacy, I wasn't able to tail her there."
"Hotels? She's got a perfectly fine place to live in Jipsburg. Why would she go to a hotel for no reason?"
The detective chuckled and said, "What else would she do in a hotel? Young people have been living it up in hotels as of late. I've got a few clients who hired me to do some digging on their partners. What I found out blew their minds.
'Some got involved in gangbangs with their bosses and clients for a promotion. Others found out about how their girlfriends were sleeping with their fathers. It's a big world with a bunch of kinky shit. Would you still like me to delve deeper? If I proceed, I'll find out who she's seeing at the hotel in no time."
###chapter794

Paul found the reports increasingly puzzling. Was Jenny really meeting someone else at those hotels?
It didn’t seem to fit her pattern. From what Paul knew, the only man occupying Jenny’s thoughts recently had been Joe. She had even turned Rowan down so decisively that he had gotten engaged to Minerva out of sheer disappointment. Given how much she had sacrificed to stay on Joe's radar, why would she risk it all by sleeping with someone else? Yet, her frequent hotel check-ins suggested a secret she was desperate to keep.
"Continue looking into this," Paul instructed his contact. "But if you hit a dead end, just let it go. We don't need to overreach."
"No problem!" came the reply.

Jenny hadn't gone to a hotel that day. Edwin was becoming increasingly vigilant; he knew that frequenting public hotels would eventually draw unwanted attention. Instead, he had demanded they meet at her house.
She had tried to refuse, but her protests were futile. Edwin’s phone was a vault of leverage—countless videos and images intended to keep her trapped. Even if he deleted one, he reminded her that there were always others. He sent them to her one after another, a digital leash that tightened with every vibration of her phone. She found herself compromising again and again, her resistance eroding until obedience became her only survival mechanism.
Strangely, Edwin had become more generous with money even as he became more demanding of her time.
After walking into her apartment, Edwin surveyed the decor with a critical eye. "So this is the place Joe bought for you," he commented, his voice laced with a strange edge. "It’s not very big, is it?"
Edwin felt as though he were undergoing a disturbing transformation. It was as if he had reverted to a reckless, youthful version of himself, one with no control over his darker impulses. The knowledge that Joe had gifted this sanctuary to Jenny only fueled his desire to desecrate it.
Jenny bit her lip, her voice trembling. "Joe gave it to me."
A wave of helplessness washed over her as she realized her home was being turned into a place of torment. She found herself fantasizing about Joe swooping in to save her. Would he pity me if he knew? she wondered. Would he see that everything I’m doing is against my will?
"Why the long face? Save your tears for later," Edwin mocked. His patience was wearing thin. He despised the way she still tried to play the role of the innocent, pitiful victim even after they had been together multiple times. To him, her resistance felt like a performance.
Two hours later, the evening was shattered by the sharp chime of the doorbell. Jenny jumped, the sound echoing like a gunshot in the quiet apartment. She tried to shove Edwin away, hissing under her breath, "Someone is here! They’ll hear us!"
Panic surged through her. She realized now that Edwin was far more dangerous than she had ever imagined. She finally understood why Joe refused to acknowledge him as a father; who would want to be linked to such a man?
"Jenny, I know you're at home. Open the door," a voice called out from the hallway.
It was Rowan. Edwin recognized the voice immediately, and instead of fear, a perverse excitement sparked in his eyes. "Rowan still has a thing for you, doesn't he?"
"Please, just let me go," Jenny begged through her sobs. "He has a spare key. If he comes in and sees us like this, it’s over for both of us!"
She was terrified. Rowan had been intent on ignoring her lately—why had he chosen today of all days to show up?
Edwin chuckled, a dark, unpleasant sound. "He has a key? Have the two of you played around in here before?"
"No! Never!"
"Well, it doesn't matter if you have," Edwin whispered, his grip tightening. He seemed emboldened by the presence of an audience on the other side of the door.
Jenny gritted her teeth, tears streaming down her face as she tried to remain silent. Outside, Rowan paused. He could hear muffled noises coming from inside—indistinct, but enough to prove that someone was definitely there. He frowned, his hand moving toward his pocket for the key.
###chapter795

"Are you sure you won't let me in? In this case, Jenny, this is the last time I'm coming to find you. You're on your own now," Rowan said impatiently.
As expected, she caused just as much trouble as she used to. He must've had a seizure. Why else would he come over to see her?
Jenny was devastated. If not for Edwin, she would've opened the door.
Edwin moved suddenly while she was distracted. She couldn't help but whimper.
Upon hearing the noise, Rowan noticed that something was off. He asked with a frown," Jenny, what's going on?"
Jenny wiped the sweat off her brow and squeezed out, "Leave, just leave me alone! I would like to rest at home in peace."
Rowan chuckled. He said, "Alright." Then, he turned to leave.
When he arrived downstairs, Rowan looked up. Suddenly, he saw a man looking down at
him. Jenny stayed on the tenth floor. Thus, Rowan couldn't see him clearly. However, he felt as though he'd seen the man somewhere.
Rowan laughed mockingly. She hadn't been home alone.
Perhaps the rumors he'd heard had some element of truth to them. Jenny had been
surrounded by men for the past few years.
Sometimes, he could only let things go once he saw it with his own eyes.
Rowan chuckled once more and strode away.
The next day, Skylar and Caleb arrived at the airport. They passed through the baggage checks and waited to board the plane.
They were carrying precious antiques with them. Thus, they needed to be extremely careful.
Initially, the plane was supposed to board in half an hour. However, it was delayed. They had to wait for 30 minutes more.
"I called Mr. Yates Senior just now and told him the plane would be departing late. When we get there, the night would've fallen," Caleb told Skylar. He'd just come back from the washroom and sat down.
Caleb had been looking forward to their trip. He and Skylar were going out alone, and just thinking about it lifted his spirits.
Skylar nodded and said, "Alright, let's take a break."
Caleb looked around. The airport was crowded no matter what hour it was. Skylar still
managed to read despite the racket around them. Caleb couldn't do so. He pulled his phone out and began chatting with some friends.
Half an hour later, the boarding gate finally opened. They'd only been sat in their seats for a few minutes when Caleb exclaimed, "Oh shit!"
Skylar raised an eyebrow and asked, "What's up?"
"You've got an extremely close relationship with Joe. Is he going with us?" Caleb felt like all his expectations for the trip had been destroyed.
He was willing to go out with Skylar alone. However, he couldn't cope with Joe being with them.
Skylar followed the direction of Caleb's gaze and met Joe's eyes.
Joe had come in with Paul. They had just boarded the plane and hadn't had the time to sit down.
Surprise flickered in Joe's eyes upon catching sight of Skylar. However, his expression remained unchanged. He still looked extremely haughty. It was as though Skylar was the last person he wanted to see.
Skylar's heart sank.
Paul was surprised. He said, "Mrs. Martin? Are you heading to Zallory as well?"
"Yeah. I've got some work to do there," answered Skylar.
Paul complained internally about how this was too much of a coincidence. If anyone insisted that Joe and Skylar weren't fated to be together, he'd rather cut his head off than agree.
"When will you be coming back after finishing work?" Joe asked suddenly. However, his tone was cold. It made Paul's heart skip a beat.
Skylar met Joe's dark gaze.
###chapter796

Did Joe think she was delaying their divorce on purpose? The color drained from Skylar's face. She said, "I'll be staying here for three days at most. Then, I'll be heading back."
Caleb glanced at Joe, then his gaze slid back to Skylar. He picked up their subtle change in mood. Had they fallen out with each other?
Joe said nothing else and sat down. Skylar was silent too. If a stranger saw them now, they'd think Joe and Skylar were nothing more than friends. The air between them was frigid.
Paul felt his brain grind to a stop. What in the world was going on between Skylar and Joe? He asked Skylar when she would be coming home. He wasn't in a hurry to divorce her, was he?
Their flight lasted for an hour and a half. Skylar had closed her eyes before they even took off.
Caleb scratched his nose out borefrom. He snuck a peek at Joe. Then, he closed his eyes too. Joe's silence made the air around him drop to sub-zero temperatures. Paul couldn't help but button up his coat. He was burning with curiosity. However, he didn't have the guts to ask. They said nothing until the plane touched down.
Even while picking up their baggage from the carousel, everyone remained silent.
In the end, Skylar nodded at Joe before getting into the cab with Caleb. Paul heard Joe huff lightly.
"Mr. Martin, what's going on with you and Mrs. Mar-"
He swallowed the rest of his sentence when Joe shot him a deathly glare.
Caleb finally voiced his confusion in the cab. "Are you arguing with Joe?"
"No," stated Skylar. Her heart had been heavy ever since she saw Joe at the airport. Her marriage with Joe was coming to an end. They should've kept each other at a distance from the start.
Caleb didn't quite believe her. He promised, "Do tell me if anything happens. If he dares bully you, I'll give him a stern talking to."
Skylar smiled and replied, "He hasn't been bullying me. Things between us are complicated. But we'll be able to resolve it."
Caleb couldn't comprehend the relationship problems adults got themselves into.
They would be staying at Cameron's place, Yates Residence. It was a little far from the airport. They only arrived after an hour on the road.
When they arrived, Cameron treated them to a lavish dinner. His two sons and two daughters joined them.
They didn't know each other. Thus, they only engaged in a bit of small talk.
After dinner, Cameron had them return to their rooms to get a good night's sleep. Work would only start tomorrow morning.
Skylar and Caleb didn't refuse his kindness.
The next day, Cameron was the only one having breakfast with them.
"They went back to their respective homes last night. Usually, I'm the only one living here," explained Cameron with a smile.
At his age, he needed to be more open and learn to enjoy solitude. His children and grandchildren couldn't keep him company 24/7.
"Let's go. I'll take you guys upstairs. I've kept my collection on the fourth floor."
After breakfast, Cameron led them upstairs. Skylar and Caleb trailed behind him.
"I remember coming to Yates Residence as a kid. I was a mischievous troublemaker back then. I nearly shattered a few antiques of his," said Caleb.
Cameron laughed and added, "Right, right. You were still young, around four years old. I can't believe you still remember. Time really flies. You've become an excellent young man in the blink of an eye."
They ascended to the fourth floor while chatting happily.
###chapter797

Cameron unlocked the door to the fourth floor. When they walked in, it was as though they'd stepped into a museum.
All the antiques were preserved perfectly and exhibited as though they were in a gallery. It didn't seem messy at all.
Caleb's eyes widened. He knew why Alexander asked him to get some exposure with Skylar. Some of those antiques would never see the light of day. One wouldn't find them even if one looked in a museum or an auction.
Indeed, Cameron was a powerful but low-profile man.
When he caught Skylar straightening up sternly, he stopped horsing around and seriously trailed after her. He looked over each antique one by one.
Cameron said nothing as well. However, he followed them and glanced at Skylar from time to time. He nodded with satisfaction.
Although she was extremely young, she was calm and well-adjusted, a worthy competitor to Viola in her youth. One could argue that she was better than Viola in certain ways.
She spent two hours looking through them. Skylar wasn't only trying to discern whether there were negative items. She was also admiring the antiques.
Recently, she was able to learn about the history of an antique. Scenes from its past came to life in her mind's eye.
For others, it would be boring to look at them for hours on end. However, it was as though she was watching a movie.
As the seconds ticked by, Cameron couldn't continue watching. He sat down and took a break. Caleb followed suit.
They were in awe of Skylar. She meticulously appraised every antique. Two hours had passed, but she was still focused intently on her task.
"I wasn't half as patient as she was when I was her age," sighed Cameron.
Caleb chuckled and said, "I'm doing my best to learn from her."
Skylar hadn't noticed that the men behind her had disappeared. When the third hour rolled around, Skylar finished looking through all the items.
She turned around to see Cameron and Caleb sitting a short distance away. Skylar strode over and said, "Mr. Yates Senior, none of your antiques have any issues. You've got nothing to worry about."
Every antique in his collection was genuine. None of them were fakes. That in itself was a remarkable fact.
"Excellent!" Cameron felt as though a weight had been lifted off his shoulders. He no longer needed to live in fear.
What a relief.
Joe went to his hotel after leaving one of Martin Group's branch offices. He massaged his temples tiredly. Paul handed him a cup of coffee and said, "Mr. Martin."
Joe took it from him and sipped at it. He must've been dissatisfied with the coffee, as he put it away after a while.
Suddenly, Joe asked, "Do you know why Skylar came to Zallory?"
Thankfully, Paul had prepared for Joe's question beforehand. He answered, "I asked around. Mrs. Martin and Caleb headed to Yates Residence after touching down. Mr. Yates Senior must've needed something from them."
Joe hummed in response.
Paul wasn't quite sure what Joe wanted to do. He asked, "Should we visit Yates Residence?"
Joe gave Paul a meaningful look. Paul's breathing stopped.
"Make the necessary arrangements."
"Alright! I'll start now."
Skylar and Caleb left Yates Residence in the afternoon and headed to Zallory Museum. They had booked a slot with the curator.
After finishing the task assigned to her by Alexander, Skylar spent some time browsing through the museum.
Caleb had gotten bored staying in Yates Residence. Thus, he contacted one of his friends in Zallory and went out with him.
The museum was gigantic. Skylar spent her afternoon there.
When the museum was about to close, she left. There, she ran into a familiar face.
###chapter798
Surprised, Skylar exclaimed, "Aiken?"
Aiken's eyes brightened as he exclaimed in surprise, "Skylar?"
They'd run into each other at Zallory Museum.
She asked with a smile, "Have you come to Zallory for a business trip?"
"I've just arrived in the morning. I had some free time in the afternoon, so I took a tour of the Zallory Museum. How about you?" asked Aiken.
"I got here yesterday, and came to the museum in the afternoon."
As they chatted, they walked out of the museum.
Aiken glanced at the time and suggested, "Let's have dinner together."
Skylar looked at her watch and stated, "My treat."
Aiken had been a great help when she was kidnapped. She hadn't had the opportunity to thank him. Now, they'd run into each other.
He said, "Let's go. I come to Zallory often, so I know my way around."
However, he'd come and leave in a hurry most times, without staying to look around. This time, he'd added something new to his itinerary. He wanted to take a tour of the Zallory Museum.
Aiken had recently cultivated some new hobbies. He was drawn to reading and taking museum tours. He'd also found out that Skylar liked fondue, so he booked a fondue restaurant for them.
...
Joe arrived at Yates Residence at 5:00 pm.
An hour ago, Cameron was informed that Joe would be visiting. He was pleasantly surprised.
When he used to live in Jipsburg, he saw Joe frequently. In the blink of an eye, Joe had become a powerful man capable of holding his own in any situation. Time truly waited for no one.
Cameron sent his helpers to prepare dinner and called his children home. After all, he was getting old, and Joe might not be able to chat with him about certain topics.
However, it would be an entirely
different situation with other young
people present. They had common
topics with each other and would engage in lively conversation.
Joe met with Cameron and his family. However, Skylar was nowhere to be seen. His mood soured, and he left before dinner.
"Dinner has been prepared. Mr. Martin, why don't you stay for dinner before taking your leave?" one of Cameron's sons tried to keep him. His other children were surprised as well.
They had only heard Cameron praise
Joe's prowess. Others also
whispered about how Joe was a legend in Jipsburg. They knew of the Martins status in Jipsburg. Today was their first meeting with him. Yet, he wanted to leave after a few brief moments with them. 
"It's alright. I've got something to do after this." Joe politely declined. He wished Cameron good health and left Yates Residence immediately. Cameron didn't try persuading him to stay.
Joe lit a cigarette in the car.
"Mrs. Martin might've gone back to Jipsburg after finishing her work," said Paul the second he entered the car.
Joe frowned and insisted, "This has nothing to do with her. I came to visit Mr. Yates Senior."
Paul didn't have the guts to refute him. He nodded and said, "Right, right. Mr. Yates Senior cheered up visibly when you arrived."
Joe had come to Zallory on business trips at least ten times. He'd never visited Cameron before.
However, what Joe said was the law when it came to Paul.
One of Cameron's sons commented, "Dad, there's something off about Joe's visit. He left without saying anything much."
"I don't think it's anything out of the ordinary. He's always been a busy man," replied Cameron dismissively.
His granddaughter asked, "Do you know whether he's married? Or does he have a girlfriend?"
"Probably not. I haven't seen news agencies reporting on his marriage."
Cameron glanced at her and
advised, "Don't dwell on it. He's not a good fit for you. Our family won't be relocating back to Jipsburg. There are tons of capable young man in Zallory. You can pick whoever you faney." 
S
n
###chapter799
 
Cameron's granddaughter flushed and complained, "Grandpa, I'm not thinking about him. He's just attractive. When I think about it, I don't think I'll be able to handle a man like this anyway. I'm not interested in giving myself grief because of him. I'll be the one suffering."
Cameron laughed and said, "Alright. You're an intelligent girl for being able to figure that out. Let's have dinner."
"Aren't we waiting for Skylar and Caleb?"
"They'll be staying at a hotel tonight. They've got things to do. Let's eat."
The fondue bubbled and smoked before them. Fresh meat and vegetables were laid out on the table.
Aiken loved having fondue too. The last time they ate together, he'd paid attention to Skylar's preferences.
As they ate, Skylar's face flushed. The fondue here was even spicier than the one in Jipsburg. After all, it was a local specialty.
Aiken handed a napkin to her and said, "Why don't you wipe at your sweat?"
"Thank you," replied Skylar. She took it from him and dabbed it on her forehead.
Suddenly, her phone pinged. Skylar put the napkin away and picked her phone up. It was a text from Paul. He asked, "Have you gone back to Jipsburg?"
"Not yet."
Paul immediately followed up with a call. "I thought you've returned to Jipsburg. That's great! Where are you now? I'll pick you up. Mr. Martin is drunk. His cold has also turned into a fever. I wanted to bring him to the hospital, but he wouldn't give in. You're the only one he'll listen to now!" Skylar could pick up on the panic in his tone.
Skylar's expression changed. She asked, "Have you taken his temperature?"
Sometimes, Joe behaved like a little kid.
"I have. He's got a high fever. The temperature read 102.2 degrees Fahrenheit."
Skylar hesitated for a moment. Ultimately, she stood up and said, "Where are you guys staying? Send me the address. I'll head over now."
Aiken had been observing her expression while she was on the phone. He watched as the smile slid off her face.
When Skylar ended the call, he asked, "What's going on?"
"Joe has a fever. I've got to go to his
hotel to check how he's doing. I'm sorry. Enjoy the rest of your meal. I'll leave now. When I get back to Jipsburg, I'll treat you to dinner," said Skylar, grabbing her bag. 
Aiken stood up with her and suggested, "My car is outside. I'll drive you."
She glanced at the sky outside. Skylar didn't refuse it. She said, "Sorry for troubling you."
30 minutes later, his car rolled to a stop in front of the hotel.
Paul was waiting for Skylar by the entrance. Upon seeing Aiken getout of the car with Skylar, he froze. Why had Skylar showed up with Aiken? Wait, why was he in Zallory? Was it a coincidence? 
Aiken asked, "How is Mr. Martin doing? Do you need my help sending him to the hospital?"
?
Paul came to his senses. He said, "Mr. Martin's fever has gotten better. It's around 101 degrees Fahrenheit now He doesn't need to be hospitalized just yet." 
Aiken nodded and said, "I'll be leaving now. You can call me if you need me."
"Alright, thank you."
Upon hearing that Joe's condition had improved and his fever had gone down, relief took over Skylar.
When she followed Paul into the hall, she saw Joe standing before her. She halted abruptly and asked, "Why have you come downstairs?"
Paul was stunned as well. Why had he come? Hadn't he been lying in bed? Why would he come downstairs with a raging fever?
Joe pursed his lips tightly. He stared at Skylar with dark eyes. Then, he asked, "Have you been with Aiken all day?"
###chapter800
 
Were they incapable of withstanding even a week of separation? The more Joe thought about it, the more his expression soured.
He had a fever now, so his face had been pale. The angrier he got, the more terrifying he seemed.
"I ran into him in the afternoon. How are you feeling now? Are you sure you don't want to go to the hospital?" Skylar looked at him weirdly.
If she didn't know better, she would've thought he was jealous of Aiken.
Joe bit his lip. Did she run into him? Would there be such perfect coincidences?
Perhaps because his head was spinning, Joe lost control over his emotions.
"I don't want to go."
"Um... Mr. Evans from the branch company is asking for me. He has a few things to discuss with me. S-Should I go now? Mrs. Martin, I'll hand the task of taking care of Mr. Martin over to you." Paul knew that the situation was taking a turn for the worse. He had to make his escape as soon as possible.
With Skylar there, he didn't need to worry about Joe. Without giving them a chance to react, he spun on his heels and walked away as though there was a beast in the hall.
Skylar couldn't stop him in time.
In the end, she turned to Joe resignedly and said, "Let's go back to your room. I'll take your temperature again."
She couldn't let his fever worsen. He needed to get examined at the hospital.
Joe stopped throwing a tantrum. He nodded and agreed to head upstairs with her.
When they entered the elevator, Joe stared at Skylar. She had no idea why he was doing so. She said, "You've got to speak up if you're feeling uncomfortable in any way."
"My heart feels uncomfortable," mumbled Joe.
However, Skylar heard him loud and clear. She asked, "Why?"
Joe said, "You know why."
Skylar knew? What was she supposed to know?
She was speechless in the face of his sick ramblings. Skylar wouldn't argue with him. After all, he was sick.
They arrived at his suite shortly
after. She scoured the room for
thermometer. When she foundet
she offered it to him and said, "Take your temperature." 
Then, she picked up the medicine and read its instruction manual.
Joe raised his eyebrow as he watched her read it. She wasn't as cold as heartless as she made herself out to look. At least she still cared about him.
When he thought of things from this perspective, he felt much better. The wrinkle between his brows smoothed. Even his temperature seemed to go down.
After going through the manual, Skylar glanced at the time. Then, she said to Joe, "Pass me the thermometer. I'll take a look."
Joe complied.
Skylar read the display under the light. She frowned and said, "Your fever has reached 102.3 degrees Fahrenheit. It's too severe. If you ingest medication without knowing the exact cause of your fever, it might have adverse effects. Let's head to the hospital." 
Hadn't Paul said that his fever had subsided?
Within half an hour, his temperature had climbed once more. It explained his little temper tantrum.
Joe lay in bed and said, "I've just got a fever. It's nothing serious. I'll be fine after some medication."
Skylar said helplessly, "Don't treat your health as a joke."
Joe stared into her eyes and asked, "Are you worried about me?"
"Yes. I don't want anything bad to happen to you," answered Skylar honestly. She added, "Grandma would be worried as well."
Joe's gaze had softened, but upon
hearing that, it turned icy. He sat up and took the pills from her, tossing one into his mouth and swallowing it without water. "It's not like I'IDdie from this." 
Skylar had no idea what to say in response. Joe's mood was very volatile when he was sick, and she couldn't read him.

###chapter801
 
Skylar rationalized that a single dose of antipyretics wouldn't be harmful, especially since Joe’s symptoms mirrored those of a common cold. His eyes were bloodshot, and his voice carried a heavy nasal congestion.
Joe noticed that while Skylar was remarkably patient with him, an invisible wall had grown between them. Their interactions felt even more distant than they had been when they first met. It was as if his heart were being constricted, leaving him feeling stifled and profoundly uncomfortable.
Seeing Joe staring at her with such intensity, Skylar could no longer maintain the pretense of being busy. She turned to him, her voice filled with a quiet helplessness. "Is there anywhere else you feel unwell, Mr. Martin?"
"No," he replied. "That's all."
"You should get some rest," Skylar said, glancing at the clock. It was already 9:00 PM.
Joe didn't respond with words. Instead, he reached out and pulled her down onto the bed beside him. Startled, Skylar gasped, "What are you doing?"
"Don't worry, I'm not going to do anything," Joe murmured, his voice thick with exhaustion. He buried his face in the crook of her neck, the familiar warmth and scent acting as an immediate balm to his restless mind.
Gradually, drowsiness took hold. Skylar remained frozen, speechless at his bluntness. Within seconds, the rhythm of his steady breathing filled the quiet room. She wondered how he could fall asleep so quickly, especially since she still smelled faintly of the fondue they had eaten earlier. She tried to shift away, but his grip was like iron.
Fine, she thought. I'll just make do. However, sleeping next to him was like lying beside a human furnace. His body was radiating an intense heat. Skylar managed to drift off, but her sleep was fitful and shallow. She hadn't changed out of her clothes, and the warmth made her break into a light sweat.
An hour later, she woke up and checked the time; it was just past 10:00 PM. Joe was now in a deep sleep. She reached out to touch his forehead and realized the antipyretics had done their job. The burning heat from earlier had dissipated, and his temperature felt normal. His breathing was even—much gentler than it had been when he first collapsed.
Gently, Skylar managed to untangle herself from his embrace and slipped out of bed. She headed straight for the bathroom, needing a shower to wash away the sweat and the scent of food before she could truly rest.
Thirty minutes later, she emerged. Joe had rolled to the other side of the bed in his sleep. Skylar climbed back in carefully, leaving enough space between them for a third person. But once she was asleep, Joe instinctively moved closer, as if the distance was a void he couldn't tolerate. He reached out and pulled her back into his arms, anchoring her to him once more.
When Skylar woke again, the morning light was struggling against the heavy curtains. Her first instinct was to check Joe’s forehead. His temperature was still normal, and she let out a long sigh of relief.
Suddenly, Joe’s eyes snapped open. In the dim, filtered light, his gaze appeared dark and heavy. He didn't look like someone who had just woken up; he looked as though he had been watching her for a long time.
Skylar felt a prickle of unease. "How are you feeling now?"
"Much better," Joe said, sitting up and stretching his stiff muscles.
Skylar relaxed. "That's good. I'll have the hotel send breakfast over. You should eat and see if any other symptoms crop up."
"Alright."
Skylar retreated to the bathroom to get ready for the day. By the time she came out, a lavish breakfast had been delivered—a delightful spread featuring a blend of regional Floan and Wiscadian delicacies that actually looked appetizing.
She picked up her phone from the bedside table and noticed a string of notifications. Caleb had called seven or eight times within the last twenty minutes, and there was also a missed call from Aiken.
A sense of urgency gripped her. She decided to return Caleb's call first, wondering what could be so pressing so early in the morning.
###chapter802
 
Caleb's tone was urgent as he spoke on the phone, "Finally, you called me back. I tried reaching you several times. I only realized this morning that you hadn't returned to the hotel.
"Where are you now? We have a flight at 3:00 pm today. I'll come find you."
Skylar briefly explained her situation with Joe, who were at a different hotel, and told Caleb to head straight to the airport, and that she would meet him there in the afternoon.
She then called Aiken.
Aiken didn't answer, likely because he was busy.
Skylar put her phone down and noticed Joe watching her.
"I'm planning to finish breakfast, then visit a nearby specialty store and head to the airport. You..."
Joe stared at her and replied, "I have a flight at 3:00 pm as well. We can go to the specialty store together later."
"Really?" Skylar was surprised.
Joe nodded. He had just overheard Skylar's conversation with Caleb and then instructed Paul to rearrange the flight reservation.
It was initially a flight two hours later but was changed to the same flight as Skylar's.
A few minutes later, Aiken called back.
Skylar put down her cutleries and answered the call.
"How is Mr. Martin?" Aiken asked directly about Joe's condition.
Joe's expression was cold, and his eyes were distant.
Aiken was already so impatient even though they had yet to divorce. Meanwhile, Skylar was smiling throughout her phone call with Aiken.
Deeply engrossed in her phone call with Aiken, Skylar didn't notice Joe's change in expression. "His fever has gone down. He's feeling better today." "That's good. Make sure you take care of yourself as well. Call me if you need anything."
"Alright, thank you."
The call didn't last long.
After ending the call, Skylar noticed Joe's displeasure.
"Are you not feeling well again? Do you still have cold symptoms?"
Joe sneered and said, "Do you know anything about Aiken?"
Skylar was taken aback. "Why do you ask?"
She knew Aiken but hadn't felt the need to delve deeply into his character.
Bet
"You're divorcing me because of Aiken, aren't you? Even if I agree the divorce, you should stay away from him. He's not right for you," Joe said, his voice low and cold. 
Skylar's expression grew cold. She felt that the most unfamiliar thing to her was Joe, who had been sharing the same bed with her for months.
She said, "You know better than I do why we're getting divorced. There's no need to elaborate further. Aiken and Dare just friends. But you can think whatever you like." 
Joe's face grew darker. Both of them looked tense.
Fortunately, Gloria called at that moment. Skylar's expression softened when she spoke with Gloria.
After breakfast, Joe finally spoke again. "We'll discuss the divorce when we're back in Jipsburg. This isn't the right time."
Skylar agreed without ion. "Just set the time."
Seeing Skylar's indifferent attitude only made Joe more upset. He felt a tightness in his throat and found it difficult to breathe Skylar was being too heartless.
...
It was 2:00 pm when Caleb saw Joe
with Skylar at the airport. He rolled his eyes discreetly. They were on the same flight when they came here, and now they were on the same flight going back. 
Joe wasn't here for business. It seemed like he was here to cling to Skylar.
"Skylar told me you were sick. How come I didn't notice? Have you already recovered so quickly?" Caleb asked bluntly.
Joe's gaze was icy. "How can you speak to your elder like that?"
"We're peers, okay?" Caleb replied. Caleb forced a smile, feeling his confidence wane in front of Joe.
"Wait, is that Aiken?" Caleb's eyes widened as he looked past Skylar and Joe.
###chapter803
 
Caleb thought it was too coincidental that they were all on the same flight. Equally surprised was Aiken. He hadn't expected to run into Skylar, Joe, and Caleb on the return trip.
When Joe saw Aiken, his gaze was noticeably cool, and he only nodded briefly as a greeting.
Skylar greeted Aiken with a smile. "Mr. Parkinson."
Aiken approached and said, "Mr. Martin, Ms. Sullivan, Caleb, what a coincidence."
Even though Aiken sensed Joe's cool demeanor that came with a hint of barely perceptible hostility, he remained calm and composed.
A few of them exchanged a few words.
Mostly, it was Caleb and Aiken talking incessantly.
Soon, it was time to board the plane.
On the flight, there was little conversation.
When the plane landed, Aiken and Caleb left first. They assumed Skylar and Joe would head home together. They were unaware that Skylar had already moved out of the Galaxy Villa and that the couple was living separately.
After collecting her luggage, Skylar told Joe, "I'll take the airport shuttle. It will take me directly to where I'm staying."
Paul overheard their conversation and couldn't help but shout internally, "What the hell? They're still not back together?"
Even though they hadn't spoken much on the plane, it didn't seem like there was any issue between them. So, Paul wondered why they were still living apart.
This was a big problem.
Fate had already given them such a push. Joe had gotten sick, and they had even spent a night in a hotel together. Yet somehow, they still hadn't managed to reconcile.
Joe's lips were tightly pressed together. His eyes narrowed with barely contained anger as he looked at Skylar.
He deliberately emphasized each word. "We're not divorced yet."
"Getting divorced now or in a few days doesn't make any difference. Take care of yourself. I'm leaving now." Skylar pulled her suitcase and started to walk away.
The longer she stayed, the more she feared overthinking things. Just for a moment, she thought maybe Joe didn't want to lose her. Perhaps he was trying to salvage their marriage, reminding her she shouldn't be living outside.
Suddenly, her suitcase was yanked from her hand.
Skylar lifted her gaze to look at Joe, who was holding onto her suitcase. "You..."
"Come back to Galaxy Villa with me. Grandma is coming over tomorrow. Give your keys to Paul, and he'll bring back your things." Joe's tone was commanding, leaving Skylar no room to refuse. 
It seemed he was using Gloria's visit as an excuse to get her to come back with him.
As expected, when Skylar heard that
Gloria was coming to Galaxy Villa the next day, she didn't argue further. She handed her keys and home address to Paul. 
Paul glanced at the key in his hand, his lips twitching slightly.
It was clear Joe had feelings for Skylar and didn't want to divorce her. Paul couldn't help but wonder why Joe couldn't just be a little kinder to her. With an attitude like that, anyone would think Joe was indifferent to her. No wonder Skylar had moved out.
In the car, Aiken's phone pinged with a new message.
It was a photo from one of his subordinates, capturing the scene of him and Skylar at the fondue restaurant the previous day.
He couldn't help but smile.
"Mr. Parkinson, someone took a photo of you with Ms. Sullivan, and they're trying to investigate her background. Should I stop them?" Aiken's eyes narrowed, his gaze becoming colder.
He immediately dialed a number and
instructed, "Stop them from finding anything on Skylar. Handle the person directly. If anyone else tries to target her in secret, report to me immediately." 
"Yes, Mr. Parkinson."
At Galaxy Villa, Paul was efficient. He arrived just 40 minutes after them.
Almost everything from Skylar's rented apartment had been sent back.
Skylar's lips twitched in exasperation as he looked at the pile before her. She glanced at Paul, who was smiling cheerfully.
###chapter804
 
Skylar had paid a year's rent for her apartment. All she needed were a few personal belongings. However, Paul didn't leave a single nail behind and brought everything back.
"Everything's been brought back. Mrs. Martin, if you need anything else, I can go back tomorrow to get it." Paul was incredibly attentive.
Joe sat on the couch and saw these things. His expression relaxed more than it had earlier.
"Okay, thank you for your hard work," Skylar said, casting a meaningful glance at Paul.
She didn't believe Paul was oblivious to the current state of her relationship with Joe. With all her belongings brought back here, she would soon have to move them all out again.
Paul ignored Skylar's pointed gaze. He had his reasons for doing this.
He didn't think Joe and Vera were a good match. He knew Vera well, and something about her never sat right with him.
In his eyes, Skylar was perfect for Joe. Only when Skylar was around did Joe show a hint of humanity.
At Pearlhall Residence, Gloria glanced at the array of fresh fruits and vegetables in front of her. They were all homegrown, organic produce, free of pesticides and fertilizers.
"Send all of these to Galaxy Villa tomorrow," she instructed.
Edgar smiled and nodded. "Yes, Mrs. Martin Senior."
In fact, fresh fruits and vegetables were delivered to Galaxy Villa daily. But when Gloria learned the young couple had suddenly started living separately, she grew worried and decided to find an excuse to visit Galaxy Villa herself.
She had just heard that Skylar had already moved back.
"Joe is really... sigh! He can't even hold onto Skylar," Gloria grumbled.
Edgar could only chuckle along. "It's normal for young couples to argue sometimes. They fight at night and make up by morning. Don't worry too much, Mrs. Martin Senior. They'll be fine in a couple of days."
"I'll take a look tomorrow. I have a feeling this has something to do with Vera. Just a few days ago, Mr. Ruell Senior went to Avalon Residence. His intentions are obvious.
"Hmph! He didn't come to me because he's afraid I'll interfere. But it's not about intervening anymore. Joe and Skylar have already gotten their marriage certificate. They're a couple bound by law. Whatever plans they have, they're destined to fail," Gloria snorted coldly.
Edgar nodded repeatedly and said, "Mrs. Martin Senior, you're right."
That evening, the Ruell family was in turmoil.
Denton suddenly collapsed and was rushed to the hospital. The diagnosis was a cerebral hemorrhage.
The Ruell family's children and grandchildren, who were scattered in Jipsburg City, quickly rushed to the hospital.
Thankfully Denton had been in good
health before this incident. Although it was severe, he was stabilized though he remained in a coma. Doctors said he might take several hours to regain consciousness. 
Vera waited outside the ward, listening to her parents and relatives discuss Denton's situation. She thought about how old Denton was becoming. 
Just days earlier, he had nearly fainted, and now he was in a coma with a cerebral hemorrhage.
However, Denton's health had
always been good. A family do
visited every week, and he had a check-up every month. 
This cerebral hemorrhage came with no warning.
Vera couldn't shake a feeling that something was off. A sense of foreboding lingered in her mind, but she couldn't quite put her finger on it.
She felt bored as she waited, so she took out her phone and scrolled through it.
Everyone was chatting about various topics in her high school classmates' group chat.
She looked at Joe's profile picture. He rarely appeared in this group chat.
Thinking about Joe's distant attitude toward her now, she felt like something was weighing down on her chest.
This situation couldn't continue.
Her thought then shifted to Skylar. She needed to come up with another plan involving Skylar.
The next day, Gloria arrived at the Galaxy Villa around 3:00 pm.
Joe had gone back earlier.
###chapter805
 
Skylar hurried to Galaxy Villa right after work.
As soon as she stepped inside, the aroma of fresh fruits caught her attention.
"Grandma, I'm back."
Gloria turned at the sound of her voice. "Skye's back? Come over here and try the cantaloupe from Pearlhall Residence's orchard."
Skylar glanced at Joe, who was eating the cantaloupe. He had already looked up as she entered. Their eyes met for a moment before both turned away in unspoken agreement.
"I could smell the cantaloupe as soon as I walked in. I've been craving it for the past couple of days," Skylar said, moving toward the table.
At that moment, Edgar brought in a plate of freshly cut fruit. The fruit was incredibly fresh, with a strong aroma and exceptional sweetness. Skylar checked the time after sitting down and eating two slices of cantaloupe.
"Grandma, you all enjoy the fruit. I'm going to prepare dinner so you can taste my cooking," Skylar said as she got up to head to the kitchen. Gloria quickly stopped her. "No, no, you must be tired after a long day. We have got plenty of people here. Edgar brought a chef with him, and they are all busying in the kitchen. Just rest and wait."
Joe found an excuse to go upstairs. "I have some things to handle. I'll be in my study room."
Gloria gave Joe a disapproving look as he left.
Skylar let out a sigh of relief. Maintaining the fa?ade of a loving couple in front of Gloria felt increasingly awkward, given their current situation. It wasn't as easy-going as it used to be.
About half an hour later, the chef had already finished preparing dinner.
Skylar went upstairs to find Joe in his study room. After knocking a few times, she heard him say, "Come in."
She opened the door and walked in. "It's time for dinner."
Joe looked up at her. His gaze was sharp and intense, as if trying to read her thoughts.
Skylar noticed that Joe was holding a book, realizing that his earlier excuse about having something to handle was likely just a pretext. He probably didn't want to appear affectionate with her in front of Gloria. 
The silence between them stretched on for a while.
"Let's go downstairs," Joe said in a deep, controlled voice.
Skylar nodded. "Alright."
An hour later, Gloria left the Galaxy Villa.
In the car, she sighed with
frustration. "I can tell that they both have feelings for each other. Why don't they just confess their
feelings? It really makes me anxious towatch." 
As someone with experience, she had easily spotted the subtle situation during dinner.
Edgar said with a smile, "Young
people are like that. Navigating relationships was never easy. They have to take it step by step with caution. So, don't worry too much, Mrs Martin Senior. Regardless of everything, it's clear to me that Mr. Martin has feelings for Mrs. Martin." 
"Never mind, never mind. I won't worry about them anymore," Gloria said. She shook her head as she resigned herself to the situation.
After returning to the Galaxy Villa, Skylar stayed in the guest room. The room she had stayed in when she first arrived at the Galaxy Villa.
After Gloria left, she tidied up a bit before preparing to head upstairs.
Just as she was about to enter the guest room, Joe suddenly pulled her aside and pinned her against the wall.
She looked up in surprise at Joe, who was now very close.
"Joe, what are you doing?"
They said a woman's heart was hard to understand, but Skylar found Joe the hardest to understand.
He was talking about divorce one moment and then creating intimate situations the next.
Their bodies were pressed tightly together from the waist down, and she could clearly feel the changes in his body.
###chapter806
Joe leaned down and kissed Skylar. The kiss was both domineering and lingering. It felt almost like a punishment, growing more intense with each moment.
They were so familiar with each other's bodies that every sensitive spot gradually sparked with desire.
When everything calmed down, it was two hours later.
Skylar lay limp in Joe's arms, feeling utterly drained.
The aftermath was silent, yet spoke volumes. The sound of their heartbeats was particularly loud and rhythmic.
Once Skylar found her voice, she asked, "What are we now?"
Joe's body tensed at her question. He didn't respond immediately and waited a few minutes before saying, "As long as we're not divorced, we're still a couple. I thought you wanted this too."
Skylar's expression shifted slightly, but she didn't say anything further. She was either truly exhausted or simply had no expectations.
Seeing Skylar's silence, Joe's gaze hardened. He wanted to say something but suddenly felt it wasn't necessary.
He realized that he had been somewhat forceful. During their time together, he knew exactly how to elicit a reaction from her, and the underlying motive for his actions this time was far from pure.
At 10:00 am, a car accident occurred in front of Apollo Hospital. The accident resulted in one death and two injuries.
The two vehicles collided, resulting in the immediate death of the cab driver. The two occupants of the private car sustained severe injuries and were rushed to the hospital.
The cause of the accident was still under investigation by the police.
When Vera's family learned that their relatives, Marlon Ruell and Hayden Slater had been in a car accident, they rushed to the hospital.
In just three days, Denton fell ill and was hospitalized, and their relatives were involved in a car accident.
For a moment, the entire Ruell family was tense. Outside the operating room, the Ruell family members were abuzz with speculation.
"Could this accident have been a deliberate attack on them?"
"Creating such a scene outside the испа hospital? The taxi driver lost his life instantly. It seems like a
straightforward accident. However, with the series of misfortunes happening to our family lately, it does seem odd." 
"Let's not jump to conclusions. We should wait for the police's report."
Vera's face looked grim.
She suddenly recalled a phone call from Alexander to Denton not long ago. Alexander had said that the two antiques she had won at the auction were negative items and would bring trouble. 
At that time, both she and Denton had dismissed it. Now, she wondered if the painting was a negative item.
The other antique was still at Ruell Residence. She intended to give it as a gift for Buck's upcoming birthday, but given the current situation, she hesitated.
As she debated whether to bring this
up, she thought of Skylar. She nearly made a mistake-Alexander's remarks were likely swayed by
Skylar's intentions, as she was interested in acquiring the antiques.
It seemed that Denton, Marlon, and Hayden's accidents were simply unfortunate events.
"Vera, what are you thinking about? Are you worried about your Uncle Marlon and Aunt Hayden?" Vera's mom, Penelope Weinstein, asked gently.
Vera had been looking worried lately. She had just returned from abroad, and now the Ruell family faced multiple crises. Anyone would be concerned. Vera nodded slightly. "I hope both Uncle Marlon and Aunt Hayden are alright and that Grandpa can recover and be discharged soon."
###chapter807
Penelope said soothingly, "Don't worry, Vera. The doctors at Apollo Hospital are some of the best in the field. Whether it's your grandpa or your Uncle Marlon and Aunt Hayden, they will be fine."
Vera nodded. "Yes, you're right, Mom."
The Ruell family held significant status in Jispburg City, so no matter what happened, many people came forward and tried to find ways to help them solve it. So, there was no need for Vera to worry excessively.
After spending years abroad, she didn't believe in metaphysics.
During her lunch break, Skylar saw a news report.
The report covered the accident in front of Apollo Hospital, which resulted in one death and two injuries. There were various rumors suggesting that the injured were related to the Ruell family.
There were also reports that Denton was in the hospital, possibly due to a cerebral hemorrhage.
While watching the new reports, Skylar fell into deep thought.
When she returned to work after her break, Alexander summoned her.
"I just learned about the accident involving the Ruell family. Mr. Ruell Senior had a cerebral hemorrhage and was hospitalized the day before yesterday. This morning, his son and daughter-in-law were in an accident. Just now, his grandson was hospitalized due to illness.
"These consecutive incidents are unlikely to be a coincidence. There must be some negative items involved."
Skylar nodded. "I saw a news report about the Ruell family during my lunch break."
Alexander frowned and asked, "Mr. Ruell Senior is quite stubborn. After dismissing my warnings over the phone, he is unlikely to heed my advice now. Do you think there will be more troubles for them?"
Skylar replied straightforwardly, "This is just the beginning."
Alexander's eyes widened in surprise, but his expression soon returned to its usual calm. "I hope Mr. Ruell Senior will come to his senses soon." It would be best if he came to seek help promptly.
Otherwise, it would be too late for him to act now.
Skylar said nothing more. She had intended to make Vera seek her assistance.
The workday ended.
Overtime was not common at the Martin Group.
As long as the boss didn't work overtime, the employees wouldn't work overtime either.
Jenny boldly approached Joe.
"Joe," she called out.
Joe looked at the suddenly appearing Jenny with a cold expression. "It's already after work hours."
"Yes, I know. Do you have time today?" Jenny asked, her tone slightly anxious.
Just now, Edwin told her that he wanted to meet Joe tonight. He asked her to arrange it at a restaurant so that they could pretend to run into each other.
Jenny knew what kind of person Edwin was. He had been increasingly ruthless and reckless toward her. If she failed to satisfy him this time, he might continue to torment her. She couldn't endure it much longer. 
She also feared that the videos and photos of her might spread. If that happened, not only would she be unable to be with Joe, but she might
эле
not even be able to staying.
She looked at Joe with pleading eyes, hoping he wouldn't reject her this time.
"It's been a while since I've had a meal with you. Today is my mom's birthday, I... Could you have dinner with me? I'll make the restaurant reservation," Jenny said. 
She bit her lip and brought up her mother. She wasn't lying. Today was indeed her mother's birthday.
She was desperate. Even if she had to use her mother's name to evoke some sympathy from Joe, she was willing to do so.
She hoped that Joe wouldn't turn her down again for the sake of her mother.
Joe hesitated for a moment before agreeing. "Okay."
"Let's head to the restaurant now! We used to go to this Wiscadian restaurant, and their head chef hasn't changed," Jenny said eagerly. She was pleased to get into Joe's car. It had been a long time since she had been alone with him.
Lucas could be ignored now.
When Joe wasn't paying attention, she quickly sent a message to Edwin, letting him know they were on their way and would arrive soon.
###chapter808
 
When Edwin received Jenny's message, he was already on the way to the Wiscadian restaurant. Sitting next to him was Molly. The couple appeared to be very respectful of each other.
Since their return from abroad, various small media outlets had reported extensively on them. They portrayed Molly's departure from the entertainment industry years ago as a noble sacrifice for love.
Many young women who were new to the entertainment industry or had a modest status looked up to Molly as a role model, hoping to marry into a wealthy family one day.
They also wished to find a man who truly cared for them-someone who would cherish them even if they couldn't bear children and not view her as a burden.
But these fairy-tale stories seemed like a joke to their driver, Rolf Thompson.
The wealthy couple in the back seat appeared to be loving, but those around them were unaware of their secrets. Rolf knew well that each of them had their own affairs.
"This Wiscadian restaurant is one we've never been to before," Edwin gently told Molly.
Molly smiled and said, "Then I'll have to taste the chef's cooking at this Wiscadian restaurant and see if it measures up to our usual place." They exchanged smiles, looking very much like a loving couple.
Inside, Molly felt a twinge of anxiety. The private detective she had hired recently informed her that, whether day or night, Edwin would seek out Jenny whenever he had the urge.
She hadn't expected Jenny, who claimed to be disinterested, to be so alluring.
Edwin suddenly leaned closer and whispered in Molly's ear, "We need to make sure Joe sees me as his father. When you meet him later, try to shift the blame for past mistakes onto yourself. I'll make it up to you for all the unfairness you've endured once we get home."
Molly smirked inwardly but kept a calm expression. "That's what you promised. Remember my sacrifice, darling. No matter what happens in the future, don't forget everything I've done for you."
"When have I ever forgotten? We are meant to be together forever. We share both joys and sorrows, and our love over the years has been real. I can't live without you." Edwin had always been skilled at these displays of affection.
His words were becoming more and more flattering. Molly was well aware of this fa?ade.
But now, with her age and some secrets in Edwin's hands, she had no choice but to cooperate and deceive each other.
"I can't live without you either," Molly replied.
They shared a knowing smile.
The Wiscadian restaurant was not very crowded.
After Joe and Jenny arrived, Jenny ordered based on Joe's usual preferences.
In the upscale restaurant, after placing the order, Jenny looked at Joe with tearful eyes.
"Joe, since I came back to Jipsburg, I haven't had much chance to talk to you. I have so much I want to say," Jenny said.
Jenny felt deeply aggrieved. She
l
was overwhelmed by the fear of Edwin's threats but couldn't let anyone know. For Joe's sake, she had to swallow her grievances. 
"Just talk, no need to cry," Joe replied coldly, his expression unchanging.
Jenny was taken aback, and tears began to fall uncontrollably. "I... I just miss my mom today. All these years, you've been the one by my side.
"Now that I'm back in Jipsburg, I
have to face everything on my own, and I feel so helpless. Maybe I'm too weak. I'm sorry, Joe, I didn't mean to 
She felt immense sorrow and frustration, especially with no one able to understand her emotions. No one knew the fear and helplessness she felt under the threats she was facing. 
She was the helpless victim in this situation.
###chapter809
Joe's gaze grew colder. "Jenny, you're not a child anymore. You need to handle things on your own. Can crying solve the problem?" 
"I…" 
"I remember you made quite a few friends in college and even had a boyfriend. You could have him come to Jipsburg to work," Joe said. 
Jenny looked shocked. "I… I didn't have a boyfriend in college. Joe, who told you that I did? It's true that I had someone pursue me during college, but we were just classmates, at most friends. We were never a couple, and I've never been in a relationship with anyone." 
Joe was indifferent. "Whether you've had a boyfriend or not doesn't matter." 
"Joe, I…" Jenny wanted to seize the opportunity to confess her feelings, but before she could finish, Edwin's arrival interrupted her. 
Edwin seemed surprised to see Joe. "Joe, what a coincidence!" 
Joe narrowed his eyes, his gaze sharp. "Coincidence?" 
"Seeing me here and not even calling me Dad?" Edwin frowned in dissatisfaction. 
Molly took the opportunity to speak. She said, "Joe, it's quite a coincidence to run into you. There are some things I need to tell you. Actually, the mistakes from the past weren't your father's fault, nor your mother's. It was all my fault. I'm responsible for the consequences from back then. 
"I've been plagued by guilt all these years. It's been so long, and you and your father should not let this issue affect your relationship. I'll do everything I can to make amends."
Her words were heartfelt, filled with genuine emotion and remorse. Even after leaving the entertainment industry, her acting skills could still surpass many actresses. 
Jenny watched in shock. She would have believed Molly was truly remorseful if she hadn't known Molly's true nature. 
Joe's expression was cold, as if the two people before him were something repulsive. He didn't hide his disdain and simply uttered a single word, "Leave." 
Edwin's expression darkened. "I'm your father! After all these years, despite everything that's happened since I returned, it's all been for your own good. Isn't it too ungrateful of you to always be hostile toward me?" 
He was enraged. He wondered how his ex-wife, Talia Lambert, educated Joe. 
After all this time, Joe still couldn't accept him as his father. 
Molly was not surprised. If a few words could so easily sway Joe, he wouldn't have become the head of Martin Group. 
"If you don't want to embarrass yourself, leave immediately," Joe said coldly. 
Edwin took a deep breath and glanced at Jenny. Seeing her with her head lowered and not daring to look at him, he sneered and said, "Fine! When you regret this later, I won't hold a grudge. I'll still acknowledge you as my son." 
Edwin turned to Molly and said, "Let's go to another restaurant." 
Molly sighed dramatically and followed Edwin out.
After they left, Jenny still wanted to speak with Joe, but he simply stood up and said he had other business before walking out. 
Jenny looked at the empty seat across from her, her eyes redder with each passing moment. She wondered why fate had been so cruel to her when she had done nothing wrong. 
"I'll be at a karaoke bar in an hour. Just come directly." 
… 
That evening, Skylar was out with her colleagues for a team-building event. 
After dinner, they headed to a karaoke bar to sing.
###chapter810
Caleb was a microphone hog. After he sang a song, everyone wanted him to sing a few more. He happily obliged and performed seven or eight songs in total. 
It wasn't until he finished that people remembered Skylar hadn't sung yet. 
"Skylar, come on, you should sing a song too. What would you like to sing? I can help you pick it out," someone suggested. 
Skylar smiled and replied, "I'm not very good at singing. You all go ahead and sing. I'll just listen." 
"Alright then," they agreed. 
The colleagues didn't press further. After working together for a while, they understood each other's personalities. Skylar wasn't one to pretend to be modest or need repeated encouragement to take action. 
Even though Skylar didn't sing, she joined the group in playing games. 
Before long, she had drunk a bit of alcohol. With her low tolerance, she felt tipsy after just two drinks and decided to head to the restroom. 
As she entered the restroom, she heard the sound of someone vomiting from the adjacent stall. Skylar frowned. 
She had been slightly tipsy and dizzy, but the sound of vomiting and the faint smell made her feel queasy. 
Fortunately, the sound of water flushing from the adjacent stall helped, and the woman stumbled out of the restroom.
Skylar then flushed the toilet and washed her hands. As she walked out of the restroom, she glanced at the woman ahead of her. 
The woman was dressed in professional attire and seemed to have come here straight from work. 
Her unsteady gait suggested she had been drinking heavily. From the back, the woman looked somewhat familiar, though Skylar couldn't quite place why. 
Skylar pressed her temples, feeling that she was imagining things due to the alcohol. She thought, "How could a stranger seem familiar?" 
At that moment, a door to a room nearby swung open. Standing in the doorway, a middle-aged man spoke to the woman with frustration. "Why did you take so long?" he demanded. 
The woman's voice trembled with fear as she responded, "I can't drink anymore, Mr. Martin. Please, don't make me drink any more. I'll do anything else you need, just not this." 
Her posture was extremely submissive, and her tone was filled with dread toward the middle-aged man. 
Skylar's steps suddenly halted as she recognized the voices. 
The woman was Jenny. The middle-aged man's voice was also familiar. 
"Really? If you'd been this obedient from the start, I wouldn't have to make things so difficult for you," Edwin said. 
He was pleased with Jenny's submissive attitude. He laughed heartily and roughly pulled her into the room. 
As they entered, Skylar caught a glimpse of Edwin's face.
She stood frozen in place. Just moments ago, the two of them had been very close, and Edwin had even squeezed Jenny's bottom while holding her. That touch was anything but accidental. 
Skylar took a deep breath. The slight buzz from the alcohol vanished instantly, leaving her completely sober. 
Jenny had been loudly declaring her love for Joe and lamenting that Skylar and Joe's relationship had no future. Yet, she was now being intimate with Joe's biological father. Skylar had underestimated Jenny's true nature. 
She stood at the door of the room for a few minutes on purpose. The sound inside was not very clear due to the music, but she could hear Jenny's cries and pleas. 
It was obvious what was happening inside. 
Skylar felt increasingly uncomfortable, her stomach churning. She took a deep breath, unable to hear it any longer. 
After returning to the room and spending another two minutes with her colleagues, she called for a designated driver to take her back to Galaxy Villa. 
With the car window half-open, the evening breeze came in waves. It helped her regain a bit of clarity. 
She wondered whether she should tell Joe about what she had witnessed at the karaoke bar. 
Recalling the previous incident at the hotel, she wondered if Jenny had also been involved with Edwin back then. The commotion they had made back then was very loud, similar to the sounds she had heard outside the room just now. 
She wondered whether she should tell Joe.
Arriving at Galaxy Villa, she found that Joe wasn't there. He hadn't returned yet, or perhaps he wouldn't be coming back at all. 
Skylar went straight to the bathroom to take a shower.
###chapter811
 
After taking a shower, Skylar felt a bit dizzy and unintentionally fell asleep.
When she woke up in the middle of the night to use the bathroom, she confirmed that Joe had not returned.
There was a message from him on her phone. He was on a business trip again.
He was going abroad this time and wouldn't return until a week later.
He kept his message brief on WhatsApp. He mentioned that a project abroad had encountered problems, requiring his personal attention and causing him to leave in a hurry.
Seeing the message, Skylar felt he was explaining his travel plans to her. It gave her a sense of a husband informing his wife before leaving.
It was a small, ordinary gesture.
Skylar found herself unable to sleep, contemplating this late into the night. She checked the time and realized it was already 3:00 am. The message had been sent at 6:00 pm.
She hadn't looked at her phone after dinner with colleagues. When she called for a designated driver, she also didn't notice the messages on WhatsApp. There were even missed calls.
She couldn't help but wonder if Joe's gesture showed that he cared about her.
Skylar's heart fluttered. Realizing she was overthinking in the middle of the night, she got out of bed and went to pour herself a glass of water. Her thoughts then turned to Jenny. She decided to wait until Joe returned to discuss it.
When Joe's plane landed, he turned on his phone and saw Skylar's response.
"Alright, have a safe trip. I'll wait for your return."
"Wait for my return?" Joe thought. His lips curled into a slight smile.
Paul, standing nearby, noticed Joe's sudden smile and found it odd. It was past 3:00 am in Jipsburg City. Just a few hours ago, when Joe boarded the plane, he had been cold and distant.
Now, his mood seemed to have improved significantly.
He couldn't help but cast a curious glance. It was a remarkably subtle glance. He didn't dare to look closely.
He only saw a familiar profile picture. Immediately, he understood. Joe and Skylar had reconciled.
Joe's mood had shifted from gloomy to sunny. Now, during this business trip, he didn't need to be so anxious.
On the way to the hotel, Paul received a message on WhatsApp from the private detective, Louie Ferguson.
Louie asked, "I've found some more information about Jenny, including some photos and videos. Should I send them to you now?"
Paul was busy with other matters. After seeing Louie's message, hez replied "Please compile everything into a single file and send it to me. I've got a lot going on right now and will review it when I have time." 
Louie responded, "Alright, I'll prepare the file and send it to you."
A few days later, Skylar had been busy all day. Just before leaving work, Caleb showed her a news article on his phone.
"Skylar, take a look. The Ruell family is in trouble again!"
Skylar glanced over at the news article on Caleb's phone.
This time, a fire broke out at Ruell Residence. The blaze was intense, and several fire trucks were dispatched. In the end, the large villa was almost completely reduced to a skeleton. 
Vera's condition was not severe. It seemed she only injured her lungs from smoke inhalation and was currently receiving treatment at the hospital. Penelope was burned by falling embers, with a significant burn area. However, for the Ruell family, arranging follow-up care and treatment at a hospital should not be a major issue.
Unfortunately, Buck was in a worse condition. He had been trapped under debris and suffered severe burns. Additionally, he inhaled thick smoke, which left him in a coma.
He had been in emergency treatment since arriving at the hospital.
The Ruell family had been hit by a series of unfortunate events lately. Reporters speculated whether this string of incidents was more than just a coincidence.
Although it was only speculation, most people concluded that such occurrences were unlikely to be mere coincidences. They were more likely the result of human actions or perhaps some form of retribution. 
###chapter812
Caleb said, "It's only been a few days. Are the Ruells having trouble that quickly?"
Caleb was dumbfounded. Usually, when a family had a negative item in their home, misfortunes didn't happen this quickly. More often, a series of unfortunate events would unfold over several months or even a year.
Compared to Caleb's shock, Skylar remained calm. "It's not too fast. The Ruells will face more troubles."
This was just the beginning.
Caleb's eyes widened in disbelief. "Seriously? There's going to be more trouble? I should give them a heads-up. I went to middle school with Hector Ruell. Maybe my warning will help."
Skylar didn't respond.
Caleb wasn't acting out of altruism. He found the negative items too frightening. They harmed people invisibly and could cause others even more suffering, so he felt uneasy about not doing something to help.
After searching through the school group chat for a while, Caleb finally found Hector's contact information on WhatsApp. Hector was Vera's cousin. He messaged Hector on WhatsApp, but the message wasn't immediately marked as read. It took over an hour for Hector to see it, by which time Caleb was already home.
"Hector, I'll get straight to the point. Has your family been experiencing a lot of problems lately? I need to tell you that Vera bought two antiques at an auction.
"These antiques are negative items and could bring more misfortune, even endangering lives. You should have your elders visit my grandpa for advice as soon as possible."
Caleb had sent a voice message without further elaboration.
A few minutes later, Hector replied, "Caleb, after graduating high school and skipping college, you've turned to superstitions? Yes, our family had had some issues, but they were just accidents.
"Is your family's business in trouble? Are you trying to profit from our misfortune? I always found you irritating in school, and now I think you're even more ridiculous. As a former classmate, I suggest you stick to legitimate pursuits."
Caleb was enraged by Hector's response. "Damn it! I should have stayed out of this!"
He finally understood why Alexander felt frustrated when trying to warn Denton. It was like extending a helping hand, only to be met with ingratitude and criticism. He cursed inwardly, "Why should I care about your family's problems?"
Ignoring the ungrateful reply, Caleb immediately blocked Hector.
Seeing he had been blocked, Hector simply
Caleb coffed. He didn't take
words seriously.
would believe Caleb's nonsense.
WY
After working for several hours, Joe was on his way back to the hotel. Feeling a bit tired, he massaged his temples.
"Mr. Martin, have you not been sleeping well these past few days?" Paul asked.
Joe shot him a cold glance.
That look seemed to say, "What kind of stupid question is that?"
Paul realized he had asked
something unnecessary. The two cups of coffee Joe needed every morning to wake up clearly indicated he hadn't been sleeping well recently. 
Thankfully, they would be heading back to Jipsburg tomorrow.
The quiet inside the car was suddenly interrupted by a phone ringing. Joe glanced at the caller ID. It was from Jipsburg City.
"Hello?"
"Joe, it's me. Are you busy? Am I bothering you?" The car was so quiet that Paul could hear bits of the conversation.
It was a woman speaking, and she seemed to be talking to Joe in a rather coquettish manner.
Joe's expression remained unchanged. "What happened?"
"My house caught fire in the middle of the night. My parents and I were all injured, and my dad was hurt really badly. When the fire broke out, I thought I was going to die. I kept thinking I couldn't just die like that not in such an awful way. 
"And I realized there was something important I hadn't done yet, something I hadn't told you. Joe, I never should have left Jipsburg."
Vera was practically crying as she spoke. Her fear was evident in her voice.
The fire had shaken her to her core, leaving the once proud Vera terrified.
###chapter813
 
This would also make Vera more proactive in seeking reconciliation.
Joe's gaze deepened. "Since you're injured, you should stay in the hospital and get proper treatment."
Hearing Joe's cold, distant tone, Vera felt both panicked and hurt. "Joe, do you really have to push me away like this?"
Before today, Vera would never have been so irrational as to question him. She never wanted to show weakness in front of Joe or let him see her trump cards. But after the fire, much of her pride had disappeared. She had been truly scared.
"If there's nothing else, I'm hanging up," Joe said coldly.
"Fine! Joe, it's my fault for being so full of myself and thinking I meant something to you. I won't call you again! I won't bother you anymore. Are you happy now?"
Vera ended the call first.
Paul had already been looking out of the car window. When it came to Joe's personal life, it was best not to ask any questions.
Joe leaned back in his seat and closed his eyes. His expression became hard to read.
Joe's thoughts were difficult to read.
Paul thought to himself with a sigh.
...
Vera lay in her hospital bed. She covered her face and cried for a while. Then, she worried that someone might notice, so she got up and went to the restroom to wash her face.
Her pride and self-esteem seemed worthless in front of Joe.
Suddenly, she regretted how confident she had been back then. She thought that Joe, who was always so aloof, wouldn't easily fall for anyone. Moreover, given his father's affair, Joe would likely value the purest form of love between a man and a woman even more.
But in the end, she realized she had overlooked the fact that what men might care about most was simply satisfying their desires. Otherwise, Joe couldn't possibly be involved with someone as impure as Skylar.
He even kept Skylar in Galaxy Villa.
"Ms. Ruell your mother's condition is quite serious. She has a severe lung infection and has suffered burns to her respiratory tract, which might affect her ability to speak in the future." 
A doctor, Kennard Baxter, entered and directly informed Vera about Penelope's condition.
Vera snapped back to reality. Her face turned ashen. "Will it affect her ability to speak?"
"Yes, it's highly likely. However, we will do everything we can to treat her. As for your father, his condition is quite critical. He has extensive burns and is currently in a crucial phase," Kennard explained 
Vera's face lost all color. "I trust in the medical expertise of your hospital. Please do everything you can!"
Her parents' situation was even worse than she had feared.
The fire had started suddenly. If she hadn't stayed up past midnight as usual, her family might have perished in the blaze.
The fire had spread alarmingly fast
It was
almost as if someone was
e
deliberately controlling it, intending to burn them all alive. 
The police said the fire was an accident. But was it truly an accident?
Vera suddenly felt unsure. Nheless, she bit her lip and forced herself to stop thinking about it.
Nothing else mattered now. The most important thing was that her parents' situation could improve.
Skylar was awakened by her phone's ringing.
Still half asleep, she answered the call.
"Skye, are you awake?"
When Skylar recognized Steven's voice, she fully opened her eyes. She yawned and replied, "I just woke up, Steven."
"Are you hiding something from me? Is there something you haven't told me?" Steven asked, his tone serious.
###chapter814
Skylar was a bit dazed by Steven's question. "Hide something from you? No, not at all."
"Is there some issue between you and Joe? Did he mistreat you?" Steven asked in a serious tone.
Earlier that day, Steven had come across news about the Ruell family.
Then, there was a report that specifically described the well-matched romance between Vera and Joe. It included all the latest photos that had been taken.
The reports mentioned that the hospital where the Ruell family was staying was part of the Martin Group. None of the reports mentioned Joe's married status.
Instead, they speculated that Joe and Vera would likely get engaged soon, emphasizing that true feelings were revealed in times of hardship. They suggested that their relationship must be growing stronger.
Skylar was even more confused by his question. While there were indeed some issues between her and Joe, she had always preferred to share only good news with her family, keeping any troubles to herself to avoid causing them to worry.
So Skylar wondered why Steven was suddenly calling her to question her. She even questioned whether there was something she didn't know about or hadn't yet discovered.
"Joe and I are getting along well now. He hasn't mistreated me, and it's impossible for him to do so. Why are you asking this all of a sudden?" She leaned against the bed, trying to shake off some of her lingering sleepiness.
Steven had made the call from his room. He didn't want Janine to hear and worry.
Steven had watched Skylar grow up and knew her well.
"You've been quiet in the group chat these past few days. You've only occasionally asked about Mom's condition, which isn't like you. Something must be on your mind.
"Skye, I'm calling to let you know that no matter what happens, you always have me to support you. I'm your brother, you know?"
Skylar's nose tingled, and her voice choked up. "I've just been swamped with work lately, and it's been tiring. Also, Joe has been abroad for the past few days. If you've seen any of those bizarre reports, don't believe them."
It was likely the recent troubles at the Ruell family had led to a flurry of gossip and news. It wasn't surprising if Joe was somehow involved. Steven noticed that Skylar's tone seemed genuine and felt a bit reassured. "Alright, take care of yourself. Don't worry about Mom. I've arranged for someone to take care of her.
"You focus on your work. I'm not very busy lately, so I'll stay at home after work."
"Thanks! Steven, you're the best."
"Of course!"
After ending the call, Skylar completely lost her desire to sleep.
It was Saturday.
She had stayed up late reading last night. She woke up more than an hour later than usual. If it hadn't been for Steven's call, she might have slept until 10:00 am. 
After washing her face, she went downstairs to make a simple breakfast.
While eating, she searched for news about the Ruell family.
The news was similar to what Caleb had shown her yesterday. The fire at the Ruell Residence left the three members of the Ruell family hospitalized.
However, it seemed that people
nowadays were quite fond of gossip. Many reports weren't focused on the recent troubles at the Ruell family but speculated on Joe and Vera's relationship. 
They were curious about when they might get engaged and the business dealings between their families.
Even the specific college where Vera attended abroad was detailed.
This atmosphere painted a picture of their relationship growing even deeper during the Ruell family's time of crisis. She felt a heavy weight in her chest.
Just then, someone opened the door and walked in directly.
She immediately stood up. Joe appeared before her.
He looked at Skylar and said, "It's me."
Skylar was slightly startled. Joe's face showed signs of exhaustion, and upon closer inspection, she could see the bloodshot veins in his eyes. "Did you just get off the plane?"
"Yeah."
Joe walked over with long strides. Dressed in comfortable casual clothes, he removed his coat and set it aside.
His simple white T-shirt made him look less aloof and more like a typical college student.
"Do you have any plans for today?" he asked.
###chapter815
 
Skylar replied honestly, "I don't have any plan for now. Have you had breakfast? There's milk and sandwiches."
"I had something to eat on the plane. If you don't have any plans, just stay and sleep with me for a while," Joe said, his voice carrying a hint of fatigue.
Skylar's expression changed. Lately, Joe had been increasingly blunt. "I was going to..."
Before she could finish explaining, Joe's intense gaze fixed on hers. "It's not what you're thinking. I just want to get some sleep, purely sleep." Skylar's face flushed. "I just woke up and I'm not sleepy yet. If you're worried about me being noisy at home, I was actually planning to go to the library to do some research, so I won't disturb you."
It wasn't that she was overthinking things. His choice of words was questionable. Who would say things like "sleep with me" in the middle of the day? Joe swiftly pulled her into his arms as she was about to leave.
"Is it because it's not what you thought that you're getting upset? Since I have nothing else to do, I'll just deal with you first, then sleep."
Joe spoke plainly, and his actions were even more direct. His body was equally straightforward.
Skylar was astonished by his energy. He had just gotten off the plane and was already exhausted. She questioned, "Aren't you afraid of overworking yourself?"
"Want to give it a try?" His deep voice rumbled in her ear.
Skylar felt Joe was becoming increasingly shameless.
Sometime later, as Skylar was feeling exhausted and drowsy, she realized Joe was not only getting brazen but also more uncontrolled in bed.
In a daze, Joe kissed her again. It was a long, gentle kiss. Recently, he liked kissing her a lot, especially after their intimate moments.
When she woke up again, it was already 2:00 pm. She was jolted awake by the sound of a phone ringing.
Skylar was still half-asleep when she picked up her phone and checked it. Then, she nudged Joe, who was still holding her. "It's your phone. Someone's calling you."
Joe extended his arm to grab the phone and slowly opened his eyes. Seeing Skylar preparing to get up, he pulled her back into his arms, not letting her leave. 
Skylar was about to speak when she saw Joe had already answered the call, so she fell silent.
"Do you know Jenny Scott?" the voice on the other end asked.
"She was in a car accident and is at the hospital. I saw you were the first contact on her phone, so I called you."
Joe furrowed his brow. "A car accident?"
"Yes."
"Which hospital?"
"Apollo Hospital."
The phone was on speaker, and Skylar could hear the conversation clearly.
Skylar was shocked to hear that Jenny had been in a car accident.
She suddenly recalled an incident she had seen a few days ago. She had almost forgotten about it in recent days, and she had even
forgotten about it when Joe returned today. 
Now, this call brought it all back to her.
As Joe got out of bed to change clothes, he looked back at Skylar. "Let's go to the hospital together."
Skylar, still lost in thought, absently replied, "Okay."
It only struck her later that she had agreed to go to the hospital where Jenny was-Apollo Hospital-and it was also where the Ruell family had been staying. 
After Joe finished changing, he noticed Skylar's distracted demeanor and raised an eyebrow. "Are you still tired from earlier?"
###chapter816
 
Skylar shot Joe a glance before heading off to change clothes.
After about ten minutes, the two of them got into the car.
On the car ride, Rowan called Joe. He had likely received a call from the hospital as well.
Joe took the call on speaker.
Rowan said, "Do you know Jenny had a car accident? I just got a call from the Apollo Hospital. They said they had contacted everyone else. Since you're listed as the first contact in her phone, I figured they must have reached out to you first."
Joe responded, "Yes, I'm on my way to the hospital."
Skylar glanced out the window, distracted and not really listening to their conversation.
Feeling that Skylar was too distant, Joe took her hand and intertwined his fingers with hers.
Skylar looked at their clasped hands and was puzzled by Joe's display of affection.
"I'm on my way to the hospital too. Since that's the case, you go ahead. I won't go. Oh, and by the way, Jenny has changed a lot in the four years since she went to college. You've done enough for her."
Rowan now thought the past few years were quite pointless. He realized he had been foolish for holding on to his obsession with Jenny.
He was probably too young and impulsive back then, always wanting to protect the vulnerable. Jenny had happened to present herself as someone who seemed weak, so he instinctively wanted to protect her.
When Rowan saw the face from downstairs that day, he later recalled that the person seemed older. But from where he stood, it was hard to see clearly.
In any case, Jenny had secrets.
Joe replied calmly, "Okay, I got it."
"Oh, one more thing... The Ruell family is also staying at Apollo Hospital. You might run into them. You... I don't like to meddle, but I have to say, Skylar is a great woman. That's all I wanted to say. Bye."
The call ended abruptly with a dial tone.
Skylar was surprised by Rowan's last comment. She hadn't expected him to complement her while talking to Joe on the phone.
Before long, they arrived at Apollo Hospital.
The hospital was large, with reporters gathered at the entrance.
As Skylar entered, she put on her sunglasses. She didn't want to attract any attention.
Seeing her actions, Joe also put on his sunglasses.
After entering the hospital, they went straight to Jenny's ward.
They hadn't gotten many details over the phone, but once they arrived, they realized how badly Jenny had been injured.
A doctor explained Jenny's condition
to them. She had injuries on her forehead and legs, and the wound on her leg was particularly severe, leaving a scar about four inches long. 
The wound was deep, and she would need rehabilitation therapy to avoid affecting her ability to walk.
They also learned that the police had
left about ten minutes ago. They came to gather information. The driver had fled the scene, and they were currently searching for the vehicle involved. 
Fortunately, Jenny's life was not in danger.
Seeing Jenny lying in bed, Skylar decided not to mention what she had seen earlier. Saying anything now would feel like kicking someone when they were down.
Joe then called Paul to handle some follow-up matters.
A few moments later, Joe received a call and left the room, leaving Skylar alone. With nothing else to do, she watched Jenny.
The doctor had said Jenny would
wake up soon and that her current unconscious state was due to a combination of anesthesia and a concussion from the accident. 
Beside the pillow lay Jenny's phone, its screen almost completely shattered.
Skylar noticed the phone because WhatsApp notifications kept popping up. Occasionally, there were also incoming calls.
###chapter817
 
The caller ID showed "Mr. Martin".
It seemed the phone had been damaged. There was no sound, no vibration. It would've been easy to miss if the screen hadn't lit up.
Skylar pondered if that Mr. Martin was Edwin. She couldn't figure out what sort of entanglement Jenny and Edwin had.
As she pondered this, Joe returned. He glanced at the unconscious Jenny and said to Skylar, "We can leave now."
"Someone called her," Skylar said, pointing to the phone on the bedside table.
Joe glanced over just as Edwin called again.
Through the cracked screen, the words "Mr. Martin" were clearly visible.
Joe's expression darkened as he looked at the phone call. His eyes narrowed, turning cold as he glanced sharply at Jenny.
Skylar didn't say anything else. Joe didn't either, and they left the ward together.
When they got into the elevator, they unexpectedly ran into Vera.
Vera stood inside. Her face was pale and devoid of its usual color, with no makeup on. She didn't look as striking or confident as she usually did. When she saw Joe and Skylar, her usually composed expression suddenly stiffened.
"You two..."
If Skylar hadn't been there, she might have thought Joe had come specifically to see her. But with Skylar there, she knew that wasn't the case. Joe's gaze was dark as he looked at Vera. "How's your family?" he asked.
Vera's eyes turned slightly red. "They're not doing well. I was just heading downstairs to check on them."
Whenever Joe spoke to others, his tone was always indifferent, as if there was a deep sense of distance between him and everyone else. Vera had never thought much of it before.
But now, with Skylar standing
silently beside them, it felt like a thorn pricking at her. Vera couldn't help but wonder if Joe was just as distant with her when they were alone. 
Skylar noticed Vera glancing at her from time to time. So she met her gaze directly.
"She is... Joe, aren't you going to introduce her?" Vera pursed her lips tightly.
Skylar's calm composure made her uneasy. It was a good moment to make Skylar understand her place. She was merely a mistress bought with money for amusement. 
Skylar hadn't expected Vera to put on this act again. She looked directly at Joe, ready to let him decide how to introduce her.
Joe's dark eyes held a mysterious depth. His expression was unreadable. He simply said, "My wife."
Skylar was stunned.
Vera's expression twisted as if she had just heard something that was both unbelievable and unbearable. "What did you just say she was?"
She thought she must have misheard. Skylar was just a convenient mistress, someone who could be called upon and dismissed at will. Vera didn't believe Skylar was Joe's wife. They shared several mutual friends, and no one had ever mentioned that Joe was married.
The elevator doors opened just then, and Joe's voice turned slightly stern. "I'm going to visit Mr. Ruell Senior."
Vera followed them out of the elevator, her steps heavy. Her face was even paler than before, and she cast lingering glances at both Joe and Skylar.
They soon reached Denton's ward. Skylar didn't go in with them. She took a seat on a bench in the hallway to wait.
Vera went into the ward and was out again within two minutes. She walked straight over to Skylar, staring at her intently.
"What exactly is your relationship with Joe? The way he introduced you just now, I know he's trying to get under my skin, to make me jealous. Am I right?" 
Her hands were clenched tightly, trying hard to keep her emotions under control.
###chapter818
 
Thinking about how assertive Skylar had been with her recently, Vera's confidence wavered.
Skylar said, "If you have any questions, ask Joe. There's no need to ask me."
She didn't want to get entangled with Vera. She could sense that Joe's demeanor toward Vera differed from how he treated others.
Vera's face grew even paler, and she swayed slightly.
Skylar stood up and left.
Outside of the hospital, she sent Joe a message on WhatsApp. "I'm leaving now. I have plans with a friend."
After Skylar left, Vera stiffly sat down. The bench in the hallway was cold. The coldness made her more alert.
She took out her phone and texted a few close friends. "Joe is married, isn't he?"
"I haven't heard anything about that."
"Isn't he waiting for you?"
"Are you announcing something to us?"
"Congrats! You two are moving quickly. I just visited you in the hospital this morning, and you were already getting your marriage certificate this afternoon. Is he afraid of losing you again?"
"Congratulations! Wishing you a lifetime of happiness!"
Vera felt a sudden wave of relief and smiled self-deprecatingly. She realized she had been too rattled. Her friends were unaware of Joe's marriage, and his earlier comment was merely a test.
She had let herself become flustered. The trauma from the recent fire seemed to have left her easily unsettled and overly fearful of losing those she cared about, clouding her judgment.
"No, we don't have any relationship. Don't spread rumors. I was just asking out of curiosity," she replied.
Then, she stood up and returned to the ward.
...
Joe and Denton exchanged only a few words. Denton's condition was not very good.
However, recent unusual events in the Ruell family had raised his suspicions.
After leaving the ward, Joe noticed
not there. As he
and was about to call hered
exited the ward. 
Songs to
"Joe, at the very least, we're classmates, right?" Vera asked. Her demeanor once again exuded an air of superiority.
Joe looked at Vera with a cold expression. "Indeed, we're classmates."
Vera smiled. "Yes, we're classmates. Thank you for visiting my grandpa. By the way, your wife left early because she had something to do. You might want to give her a call and check." 
So, Joe did say that Skylar was his wife. Then Vera would just take it as the truth.
Vera had always been proud. She could never let herself appear weak before Joe.
Perhaps she had called and shown weakness a few days ago, which made Joe look down on her and assume she would persist in pursuing him. 
Vera was determined not to give him that satisfaction.
Joe narrowed his eyes slightly and replied with a single word, "Hmm."
Skylar received a call from Joe while she was on the subway.
"I didn't have a chance to tell you earlier," she said.
Joe responded, "Hmm, just call me when you're ready to head home, and I'll come pick you up."
Skylar thought, "Such thoughtfulness?"
Her lips curled into a self-mocking smile. With a hint of rationality, she replied, "I'll just take a cab home."
###chapter819
Joe said, "The Ruell family has been facing a series of incidents recently, which seems suspicious. I just subtly inquired, and it turns out Mr. Ruell Senior has a penchant for collecting various antique paintings. Could their recent troubles be related to these antiques?"
Skylar replied coldly, "Yes, their issues are indeed related to negative items."
"If that's the case, I'll let them know," Joe said promptly.
Skylar continued, "If they need me to handle their family's situation, I have two conditions. First, Vera must come to me and beg for my help. Second, they need to transfer 20 million dollars in advance. I'm arriving at my stop now, so I'll hang up."
Skylar immediately ended the call after saying that. However, it was indeed true that she had arrived at her stop.
As for Joe's reaction to her demands, she wasn't concerned.
Joe stared at his phone, slightly stunned. Her two demands...
Ten minutes later, Joe appeared once again in Denton's ward.
"You..." Vera's eyes gleamed with a victorious light when she saw Joe leave and then return.
She had been right. Skylar was no match for her, and Joe's earlier conversation in the elevator was just a test of wills.
Vera felt unsettled thinking about how she had been at a disadvantage in front of Skylar earlier.
"Joe, is there something you need?" Denton asked weakly.
To the older generation, Joe was seen as a person who achieved great things and was known for his cold and unapproachable demeanor. Denton was surprised to see him return after his visit earlier.
He wondered if Joe's return was because of Vera.
In Jipsburg City, there were indeed very few people who could compare to Vera.
Joe said, "Mr. Ruell Senior, I need to speak with you privately."
Denton's face brightened at the request. He remembered how firm Joe's attitude had been in front of the Martin family at the Avalon Residence, and now Joe was requesting a private discussion.
It was a chance to see what Joe would sacrifice for Vera to prove his determination to marry her. Naturally, what Denton had considered, Vera had thought of as well.
Vera had just distanced herself from their relationship. She was eager to make Joe realize that she was not so easily won and that there was a significant gap he needed to bridge to get closer to her. 
Vera's heart raced a little, but she managed to speak calmly, "Alright. Grandpa, I'll return to my ward to rest. You two can talk."
With a cold nod to Joe, she left the ward.
After Vera left and the door to the ward closed, Denton straightened his posture and said, "Joe, if you have something to say, just say it."
"Mr. Ruell Senior, have you considered that the recent series of accidents involving your family might not be mere coincidences?" Joe asked in a serious tone.
Denton frowned in hesitation. "Not mere coincidences? What do you mean?"
"It's possible that among the antiques you've collected, there are negative items that could bring misfortune," Joe stated plainly.
Denton was startled. "Negative items?"
He frowned again and said, "Joe, when did you start believing in such things? Did you hear something about negative items from Mr. Gardner Senior? Is that why you suspect our family's recent incidents are related to such things? 
"I've never believed in these things. You're still young, and it's best not to believe in them either."
"Has Mr. Gardner Senior already mentioned this to you?" Joe's gaze darkened.
He recalled the two conditions Skylar had mentioned earlier. It seemed that there were recent events he was unaware of.
Denton frowned deeply and nodded. "He did mention it to me. As for why he told me, there are some reasons behind it.
"Since you respect Mr. Gardner Senior, I won't go into the details. As for what's happening with our family, it is just a series of accidents and coincidences."
Joe looked at Denton with a profound gaze and hummed.
Denton felt unsettled under Joe's
intense stare. He asked, "Is... Is there
something else you need to
discuss? I'm in good spirits today, so we can have a detailed
conversation." 
He didn't believe Joe had returned just to discuss some so-called negative items.
###chapter820
Joe raised his eyebrows slightly. He thought, "Anything else?"
Then he replied, "There's nothing else. I'm leaving now."
As Joe spoke, he was already heading for the door. As his hand touched the handle, Denton suddenly said, "Wait, Joe. Don't you want to discuss Vera with me?"
Joe stopped and turned back. "What is there to discuss about her? Mr. Ruell Senior, you need to rest. Focus on your recovery."
Without giving Denton a chance to respond, Joe opened the door and walked out. Denton was left astonished.
He wondered if Joe had returned solely to discuss those so-called negative items.
Joe was a good young man, but he had indeed been influenced by Alexander. The fire at the Ruell residence had been confirmed by the police as an accident, and he didn't believe it was related to any negative items.
Moreover, Joe was incredibly difficult to read. His true feelings about Vera and his intentions for their future remained entirely opaque.
His ability to maintain such a deep level of mystery was precisely why he secured his position at the Martin family firmly and managed to emerge so prominently.
This elusive nature made him a figure many young people could only admire from a distance.
Despite his skill at hiding his true self, Denton felt Joe was overly reserved about Vera.
Denton found himself with a headache while pondering things. It hadn't bothered him for the past few days, but now the ache had returned, likely triggered by hearing about these so-called negative items.
Although he didn't believe in such things, they were still a source of annoyance.
About 20 minutes later, Vera returned to Denton's ward. The timing was perfect. Joe had already left.
"What did Joe discuss with you, Grandpa?" Vera asked.
Still feeling the headache, Denton replied irritably, "What could he have discussed? He's clearly playing mind games. It seems he's trying to manipulate us by raising our expectations.
"He came here claiming that our recent troubles are related to those so-called negative items. He must have heard it from Mr. Gardner Senior and now believes it himself."
"Is that really the reason he came to see you, Grandpa?" Vera felt uneasy. It was possible that Skylar had been whispering in his ear.
Vera wondered if Joe really believed what Skylar said.
Still, the recent incidents in their family had indeed been strange. She felt doubt creeping in again.
"Yes, I even asked him directly, but
he said nothing else. He's so deep and inscrutable. I've seen all kinds of people in my time. There arent many who can escape my scrutiny, yet he's the one I can't figure out. 
"Anyway, I have a headache. You should go now." Denton waved dismissively, clearly indicating he didn't want to discuss it further. Vera left with a heavy heart.
Joe wasn't there to discuss her matters with Denton. He was only concerned about the series of accidents affecting their family. Vera wondered if the accidents were truly caused by those two antiques.
No, it couldn't be!
Skylar first went to Yancey Residence to check on Janine. Then, she took the subway to meet a college friend, Charlene Dickens. After graduation, everyone had gone their separate ways.
Upon learning about Skylar's current job, Charlene asked if she could help authenticate a family heirloom.
Charlene explained that no one in
her family knew much about it and was worried about being scammed if they sought an appraisal elsewhere, so she thought of asking Skylar for help. 
They arranged to meet at a café with a great view from the window.
When they met, they exchanged a few pleasantries. Then, Charlene took out a family heirloom—an emerald pendant.
"This emerald-pendant was passed
down from my great-grandfather. Before he passed away, he said it was handed down through generations and instructed us keep it safe. He mentioned that if our family ever needed money, we could sell it," Charlene explained. 
###chapter821
 
Skylar took the emerald pendant and examined it closely. It was evident that the emerald pendant was quite old, though it had been well preserved. However, the quality of the emerald pendant was not exceptional.
Skylar recalled Charlene's family background. Charlene's parents worked in factories with modest wages, and sending Charlene to college had been a significant challenge.
However, Charlene was now employed and earning a stable income, so her family's financial situation should be improving.
However...
"Are you sure this emerald pendant was passed down from your great-grandfather?" Skylar asked.
Charlene's eyes flickered, and she avoided Skylar's gaze. She said, "That's what my great-grandfather said. No one in our family knows for sure if it's genuinely a family heirloom. Skylar, can you tell me if it's real and how much it's worth?"
"It's a genuine emerald pendant from the Golden Age, not a fake. But... it wasn't passed down from your great-grandfather, was it? Charlene, your family shouldn't keep this item.
"Your family won't be able to handle the trouble it brings. Where did you get it from? Who was the original owner?"
Skylar's gaze grew sharp as she bombarded Charlene with questions, making her face turn pale.
Moreover, Charlene couldn't bring herself to meet Skylar's eyes. His body was trembling uncontrollably.
She couldn't believe that Skylar had seen through her. The current situation of being questioned was something Charlene hadn't anticipated.
"I don't understand why you're doubting me. Skylar, we were college classmates and even roommates. We're that close, so why would you doubt me? Although my family is quite ordinary, it doesn't mean we don't have anything valuable.
"I just hadn't mentioned it before. I remembered I have something to do, so thank you for today. I need to leave now."
Charlene quickly took back the emerald pendant from Skylar's hands and attempted to leave.
Seeing this, Skylar frowned and warned, "I'm not exaggerating. Your family can't afford to keep this item. It could cost lives."
This was a negative item designed to target influential families.
Ordinary people who possessed it couldn't withstand it and would face ruin and disaster. If Charlene's great-grandfather had truly passed down this family heirloom, her family might not even be in this world today. 
Charlene's face turned pale. She muttered, "It can't be that bad. If we can't keep it, we'll just sell it."
Without giving Skylar a chance to respond, Charlene quickly turned and walked away.
As Skylar started to follow, her phone rang. It was Joe calling.
?
"I just spoke with Mr. Ruell Senior. He doesn't believe in negative items. You knew that the Ruell family
doesn't believe in suchten
you?" 
didn't
Skylar responded, "Yes. Mr. Gardner Senior personally called to inform them, but they don't believe in such things. If they don't believe, there's nothing that can be done. However, even if they did believe and wanted to resolve it, my two conditions remain unchanged and must both be met." 
Joe paused for a moment before asking, "Did you meet with Vera privately?"
Skylar raised her eyebrows slightly and pressed his lips together.
Skylar wondered if Vera had complained about her to Joe. She pondered whether Joe was about to question her.
"Yes, I've met her."
Joe fell silent for a moment.
Skylar said nothing.
"Where are you? I'll pick you up," Joe finally said.
Skylar replied, "If there's nothing urgent, I won't be home early today. I still have some things to handle."
"Okay." With that, Joe didn't insist on picking her up or ask about her other plans and ended the call.
Skylar was somewhat surprised that Joe didn't confront her. As she prepared to leave, her gaze suddenly fixed on a spot outside the window.
###chapter822
 
Outside the window, a short-haired woman, Regina Marsh, was holding Jeremy's arm. Their behavior was intimate. She had an ice cream in her hand. After taking a few licks, she smiled and held it up to Jeremy.
Although Skylar couldn't hear their conversation, it wasn't hard to guess. Regina was likely inviting Jeremy to share her ice cream.
It wasn't unusual for a couple to share an ice cream.
Jeremy didn't take a bite but gazed at her with a soft expression. The two of them walked to the roadside, got into a car, and drove out of Skylar's sight.
She raised an eyebrow slightly. It seemed like Jeremy had moved on from Natalie.
A few minutes later, she got back on the subway and headed to the film set.
Charles was doing a cameo for a movie, and Austin was the male lead. Natalie was also part of the crew, so Skylar thought it would be a good opportunity to visit them.
Paul finally had some free time.
He slept for a few hours after getting off the plane and returning home. Then, he was called to the Apollo Hospital to handle the aftermath of Jenny's car accident.
He slept again after returning from the hospital.
When he finally dragged himself out of bed, he checked his email.
He and Joe had been on a business trip abroad for the past few days, and his inbox was overflowing with various documents he hadn't had a chance to review.
Now that he finally had the time, he began going through them one by one.
After all, that was why he earned his money. He was capable but also diligent. It was hard-earned money.
There were just too many emails.
After going through the emails one by one, Paul's attention was suddenly caught by one of them.
It wasn't a contract or any official document but rather a series of
photos and several videos. The
been sent to him a few days ago,
had
and the sender was Louie 
He had almost forgotten about this. Louie had previously mentioned that he had taken some photos and videos. Paul had asked him to email them.
But then he got caught up in the business trip, and the days were so hectic that he had completely forgotten about it.
Today, Jenny had a car accident. He
e
had just taken care of the hospital arrangements. Now, thinking about Jenny, he strongly believed she was hiding something. 
He opened his email and scrolled through the photos one by one. As he did, his expression changed dramatically.
It was almost unbelievable. No, he was downright shocked.
He would never have thought in this direction if he hadn't seen these videos with his own eyes.
After downloading all the videos and photos, he poured himself a drink to calm his nerves.
Paul wondered how he was going to tell Joe about this and if he should wait until Monday to report it.
...
Meanwhile, Jenny had just woken up in the hospital. As she regained consciousness, she saw a nurse in the ward.
After asking about her situation, she remembered being in a car accident.
In a tunnel, Jenny was riding her motorcycle, trying to let off some steam. She had been feeling stifled lately, overwhelmed by Edwin's pressure.
She needed an emotional release. Unexpectedly, she ended up in a car accident.
After asking the nurse, she confirmed that Joe had been notified and had visited her before she woke up. Joe had also covered all her medical expenses.
"He must have been really shocked.
He must have been worried about me after the accident. He must have feelings for me. For him, I will persevere. No matter who tries to stop me, I will not yield or retreat. I know that in the end, he will save me," Jenny whispered tearfully. 
Her heart was full of love for Joe.
###chapter823
 
When Skylar arrived on the set, a scene had just ended. Austin had transitioned from his role as a cold-hearted assassin back to his real self and then walked over to Natalie.
As he took the thermal flask from her, his eyes softened with a gentle, warm smile.
Skylar witnessed this scene perfectly.
"Mr. Powell, your performance was amazing! I was really scared," Natalie said. Her eyes sparkled with admiration for Austin.
She almost saw Austin act every day. The scene of awe from the live performances was so overwhelming that even now, she was still amazed.
Watching Austin act always felt like stepping into the scene as if he were truly the character.
Austin truly lived up to her idol status.
Seeing Natalie's adoration, Austin smiled with a hint of affection. "Were you really scared? The next scene is a fight between Charles and me. We'll both end up battered and the scene will be quite gory. You can go back to the hotel to rest and come back in two hours."
"Hehe, I'm not that easily frightened. I can't leave my post," Natalie replied with a laugh.
As they chatted, they didn't notice Skylar's presence.
Skylar looked at Austin with a significant gaze.
It was Charles's words that made both of them turn their attention. "Skye, you're here."
"Skylar, did you just arrive? You missed Mr. Powell's incredible performance," Natalie exclaimed. She rushed over to Skylar and lavishly praised Austin.
Her tone was filled with admiration for her idol.
Austin's eyes showed a bit more indulgence when he heard that.
Skylar responded with a smile, "It's a pity I missed it, but I can watch the next scene."
"Maybe you should skip it. The next scene is quite intense, you might be scared. Seeing it in person is different from seeing it on screen. Why don't you two take a walk nearby instead?" Charles quickly intervened.
In a while, he would be covered in fake blood and various injuries. He didn't want to frighten Skylar.
It was a rare chance for Skylar to visit him on set. If she ended up crying from fear, Steven would definitely be angry with him.
Skylar understood Charles's concern. "Charles, I'm not that easily scared."
They had been mischievous together since they were kids and had done their fair share of trouble.
Charles chuckled and said, "Alright then. If you're scared, just leave quickly."
After a few more words, Charles and Austin went to get their makeup done while Skylar and Natalie chatted nearby.
"Did Charlene come to see you?" Natalie asked.
"You knew?"
Natalie nodded. "She came to ask me first. Recently, she heard about your work from some classmates and was worried it might be rumors, so she came to inquire. How is it? Is her family heirloom valuable think they want to sell it." 
Skylar's expression grew serious. "What she showed me wasn't her family heirloom. It's likely something they found or acquired through dubious means. It's a negative item." 
"What?" Natalie's eyes widened.
From what happened with Jeremy, she was aware of the existence of such negative items and the impact they could have. Even if she didn't understand, Skylar's serious expression made it clear that the situation was severe. 
"After I explained the situation, she didn't believe it and just left."
Natalie asked in shock, "What if she sells the item? Will that prevent her from getting into trouble?"
"It won't be so easy to sell," Skylar replied.
Natalie frowned and said, "Should I ask Charlene?"
She sent a message to Charlene, but it only showed one gray check mark.
"She blocked me!" Natalie exclaimed.
Skylar tried to send her a message on WhatsApp but then noticed that she had blocked her as well. "She blocked me too."
Natalie couldn't believe it. "Is Charlene out of her mind? Even if it's not her own item, she wants to keep it? Especially since it's a negative item." Skylar only frowned.
Suddenly, Skylar recalled a scene she had seen at the café and asked, "Have you been in touch with Jeremy recently?"
###chapter824
 
Natalie shook her head. "I haven't been in touch with Jeremy lately."
Since their last argument, they hadn't seen each other. When she went home to visit her parents, they didn't bring up Jeremy.
It seemed like her relationship with Jeremy was over.
Skylar didn't say anything more.
Soon, the bloody scene that Charles and Austin had talked about earlier was being filmed. Their duel was incredibly intense and truly shocking, creating a powerful sense of immersion.
Austin's acting was superb, and Charles was also highly skilled. When the two of them performed together, it felt like a true match.
"Charles's acting is really impressive. I've seen many actors act opposite Mr. Powell, and a lot of them struggle to keep up. It always makes me want to step in and perform for them," Natalie whispered to Skylar.
Skylar smiled. "You should give it a try. You might get a chance to act with Mr. Powell one day."
Natalie knew her limits. "I don't have the courage for that."
They chatted and laughed until the scene ended.
The four of them had dinner together. Since they had another night shoot, they just grabbed a quick bite at a nearby restaurant.
By the time Skylar got into a cab, it was already 9:00 pm.
When she arrived at Galaxy Villa, the house was brightly lit. Joe was waiting for her.
"Had a drink?" he asked, glancing at her.
Skylar nodded slowly. She didn't drink much.
However, her tolerance for alcohol was never good. Even a small amount could make it seem like she had consumed more.
She sat down across from Joe.
Perhaps because she had been
drinking, she didn't think much
before asking, "Is there something you want to ask me?" 
Then she let out a light laugh. "Don't tell me you're here to reprimand me. If so, I just tell you now, I have I
bullied Vera." Content 't
to
She continued, "And even if you were here to reprimand me, it's important to consider whether it's justified. What's your relationship with her, and what's your relationship with me?" 
Joe listened as Skylar talked to herself. His frown shifted to a light smile. "Oh? What kind of relationship do we have?" Suddenly, Skylar moved closer to Joe. She sat down beside him. She then cupped his face in her hands and squeezed his cheeks.
His skin looked truly good, and he was also very handsome. It seemed like a fair deal, no matter how she looked at it. "We're just fulfilling each other's needs," Skylar muttered to herself, almost as if she was trying to convince herself. Joe's eyes turned icy as he removed her hands from his face. "So, to you, we're just fulfilling each other's needs."
###chapter825
 
Skylar coldly sneered. "What else could it be?"
She didn't care about having her hands removed. Standing up, she headed upstairs.
The air conditioning in the restaurant where she had eaten with Charles, Natalie, and Austin hadn't been strong enough, and it had gotten too hot, making her feel sweaty and uncomfortable.
She decided to take a shower first.
Joe's icy gaze followed her as she went upstairs. Skylar sensed his stare but shrugged it off. If Joe was going to make trouble for her because of Vera, she wouldn't be easily intimidated.
If it came to it, she was prepared to confront him directly.
Skylar was working on some antique repairs three days later when a colleague suddenly knocked on her door.
"Skylar, someone's here to see you. She claims to be your college classmate and seems pretty urgent. Do you want to go check it out?"
Skylar put down her work. "I'll go take a look."
Downstairs, in the waiting area, she saw Charlene.
Charlene approached her with an anxious expression. Her face shifted between embarrassment and discomfort.
She said, "Skylar... I was wrong the other day. I thought you were jealous of the valuable family heirloom I had, which is why you made those comments. I then made a petty move and blocked both you and Natalie. I realize now I was wrong."
"You must have more to say than just an apology," Skylar said. She observed Charlene's condition with a composed expression. Charlene looked like she hadn't slept well in days. Her face was pale, her hair was dry and messy, and her eyes were red and swollen.
"Actually, you were right about the emerald pendant that day. My mom found the emerald pendant. She saw two people arguing by the side of the road, both driving cars worth a few million dollars.
"The emerald pendant must have fallen during their scuffle. My mom picked it up and brought it home. My dad likes to watch treasure appraisal shows and thought the emerald pendant must be valuable. However, he was afraid of being scammed.
"At first, I wanted my mom to return the emerald pendant, but my dad refused. Eventually, I... got carried away. After all, if this emerald pendant could really sell for a few million dollars, it would solve all our family's problems."
"But then... my mom fell off her bike on her way home from work and injured her back. My dad has been having nightmares almost every night these past few days. I... I've been experiencing a series of minor but dangerous accidents these past few days.
"If I hadn't been lucky enough to avoid them, something like falling debris could have killed me. Yesterday, I tried to sell the emerald pendant at several places, but the owners all said the same thing-I should return it to its rightful owner.
"I don't know what to do now! Is it
true that this thing is bringing
misfortune to our family? Could the person who lost the emerald
élné
pendant sue us? When I left an auction house yesterday, I saw them making a phone call, and I think someone might be following me." 
It was clear that Charlene was very frightened, speaking in a rush.
Skylar understood Charlene's recent experiences.
With her family in trouble and the
fact that the emerald pe
owner was searching for it, making it impossible to sell, Charlene came to believe Skylar's words. 
Skylar had anticipated this.
The fact that the emerald pendant was lost by someone who carried it with them showed its importance. The emerald pendant was a negative item. It could disrupt a person's mind and create a
maic field, making them hard to
let go. 
"Skylar, can you say something? I'm so scared. My dad is too afraid to go out today. He keeps talking about the nightmares he's having. "I'm so terrified that I can't even sleep. I know I was wrong," Charlene said, tears streaming down her face as she saw Skylar remain silent.
She was afraid that her moment of panic and irrational decision to block Skylar and Natalie had angered Skylar too much for her to forgive. "Does your mom know who the emerald pendant's owner is?" Skylar asked.
Charlene's eyes flickered. "I..."
"If you come to find me, then there's no point in lying any further," Skylar said. Her expression grew colder. Charlene realized she couldn't keep hiding the truth. She bit her lip and said, "My mom knows who it is."
She was scared because she knew.
"Who is it?" Skylar pressed.
"She said it's Edwin Martin, the father of the current CEO of the Martin Group. The person who was arguing with Edwin was someone from a bar." Charlene lowered her head as she spoke, "My mom works as a housekeeper at the bar now, and heard from others that the emerald pendant belonged to Edwin."
It wasn't surprising if it was Edwin.
He had the means to spread the word after the emerald pendant went missing.
"Let me see the emerald pendant again," Skylar said.
###chapter826
 
Charlene rummaged through her bag and found the emerald pendant within seconds. She had placed it in a small box to prevent it from getting damaged.
"Here it is. Please take a look at it."
Skylar examined it closely. Scenes flashed across her brain. She found out who it belonged to. She caught glimpses of Edwin as the movie played out in her head. His sexual appetite had been growing more voracious and uninhibited as the years passed.
This emerald pendant...
"I'll take a picture of it. Then, send it to the police station. I'll give you three talismans for luck. Bring them with you wherever you go. Only remove them after a month," said Skylar while capturing a picture of the emerald pendant.
Charlene was terrified out of her mind. She nodded, not really processing what Skylar said.
"You've got to stop being greedy. If not, what awaits you will make your experience up till now feel like a walk in the park."
She wouldn't disobey Skylar's instructions for anything.
Charlene regretted disregarding Skylar's advice two days ago. If she'd taken heed of Skylar's warnings, she wouldn't have been in this situation.
After Charlene left, Skylar called Joe. He must have been busy as he didn't pick up.
Thus, she texted, "Will you be coming home tonight? I've got something to tell you. It has to do with your father."
...
Half an hour later, Joe saw her text. He replied, "I'll be going home."
What did she have to say about Edwin?
After a moment of thought, Joe called for Paul. He asked, "Has Edwin been causing trouble for Skylar recently?"
Paul was bewildered. He answered,
"Not that I know of. He wouldn't
have the balls to give Mrs. Martin a hard time after what happened last time, would he? Shit! That's why felt like I'd forgotten something in the past week. I couldn't for the life of me recall what it was. Suddenly, it came to me!" 
"Well, what is it?" asked Joe coldly.
Paul responded immediately, "I've got pictures and videos. You'll know what it's about after going through them."
од
He'd wanted to tell Joe about this on Monday. However, they had a slew of international conference calls on that dayesterday, he'd been busy all day. Paul had also been preoccupied with a variety of issues until Joe called for him. As a result, he'd forgotten all about it 
its
As to Jenny, she'd been weirdly silent. She hadn't been asking for Joe. Otherwise, Paul would've remembered these pictures and videos.
Joe clicked on one of the pictures. He narrowed his eyes in an icy glare.
When Paul saw that Joe was looking at a picture, he advised, "The video is more direct and scandalous."
Joe opened one of the videos. Upon seeing Jenny and Edwin writhing in bed, Joe threw the phone to Paul. His eyes were stinging. Joe ordered, "Organize these photos and videos and send them to me as evidence."
"Oh, alright!"
n
At the hospital, Jenny confirmed with the doctor repeatedly, "Is my leg really going to be scarred for life? Don't you have a department for plasticsurgery here? Could you ask one of the main surgeons to come over?" 
"This would depend on how well you recover. Don't stress about it," said the doctor.
Jenny hadn't exactly been in the pink of health. She'd undergone a few operations and suffered allergic reactions to multiple drugs. How could a mere scar compare to her life?
Wasn't the fact that they'd saved her life more important than a possible scar on her leg?
###chapter827
 
However, Jenny didn't share the same sentiments. She complained, "It mustn't leave a scar. It would look horrible on me."
She had to be perfect from head to toe. If not, Joe would look at her in disdain.
Since Jenny wasn't receptive to his advice, the doctor left after explaining her condition.
Jenny felt as though he'd wronged her. The doctors here had a horrible attitude. How could they be so impatient? Was it appropriate to dismiss her worries just like that?
She called Joe, wanting to complain. However, he didn't pick up. Thus, Jenny resigned herself to calling Paul.
"Is Joe busy? Mr. Ziegler, I've been drifting in and out of consciousness at the hospital for the past few days. Thus, I haven't seen Joe. I'm feeling much better today. Could you ask Joe to come to the hospital after work?" Jenny pleaded weakly.
Paul replied, "Mr. Martin is extremely busy. He doesn't have time to make a trip to the hospital. Ms. Scott, could you speak in a normal tone? You're creeping me out."
She should've spoken plainly. Pretending to be weak by speaking with vocal fry made goosebumps rise all over Paul.
Perhaps Paul was too unfeeling. He knew nothing about how to comfort a woman. Even hearing her talk like that annoyed him.
The color drained from Jenny's face. She said, "M-Mr. Ziegler, you've always harbored a dislike toward me. I get the feeling that you don't like it when Joe sees me. I don't understand. Have I done something to warrant such loathing from you?"
The most important issue was that Paul always treated Skylar respectfully. He never brushed her off. It made Jenny look very bad when compared. "Ms. Scott, don't put on an innocent act. You know whether you've done anything wrong. Mr. Martin has paid your medical fee. You're on your own now, so you better watch it."
Clearly, he didn't want to speak to Jenny more than he needed to.
Jenny felt like she'd been wronged by Paul. She was intent on believing Joe had to be concerned over her because of the serious car accident she'd been in.
As to Edwin, he hadn't sought her out ever since he found out she'd gotten into the accident.
Other than the possible scar on her leg, Jenny enjoyed her hospitalization. After all, she didn't have to deal with Edwin!
Joe had gotten back to Galaxy Villa before Skylar did.
A dinner spread was laid on the table when she arrived. Joe had ordered them from a hotel. Smoke still wafted off the dishes. Joe must've counted the minutes till she would be home. 
They didn't begin the discussion immediately upon sitting down by the table.
After dinner, Joe started, "You can tell me about it now."
Skylar pulled her phone out and showed him the picture she took of the emerald pendant. She asked, "Have you seen this pendant before?"
Joe thought she would be showing him pictures of Edwin and Jenny in bed together, just like Paul had.
"Is this an antique?" Joe observed it closely. He could tell it was a weathered antique. However, he couldn't discern much else.
He wasn't well-informed when it came to antiques. With Skylar by his side, he didn't need to be.
Skylar glanced at him and replied, "It
is a Golden Age antique. Look at the carvings on the pendant. It's
consistent with those commonly seen on talismans. It results in the gradual inability to control one's thoughts and behaviors." 
"So its a negative item." Joe couldn't wrap his mind around what was going on. Skylar's text had seemed urgent. He didn't think she just wanted to give him an introduction to this negative item. 
"My guess is that your father wore this emerald pendant for a minimum of five years."
###chapter828
Joe understood.
"This is Edwin's pendant?"
"Yeah."
Skylar explained how Charlene sought her out so he understood what had happened.
Joe was silent for a few minutes after her explanation.
Then, he chuckled, "This explains why he suddenly turned into such a monster two years ago. He'd passed as a half-
decent human being before that. The negative item only exacerbated his true colors."
Joe had never hidden his loathing of Edwin from Skylar
"He'll probably claim it from the police soon. I think you need to handle this. This negative item affects his blood relatives as well as himself. In a few y health will be in shambles. Edwin would spend most of his time hospitalized," warned Skylar.
Joe's expression turned grim. He asked, "How does it affect me?"
Skylar's expression was complicated as she answered, "You'll have a rocky relationship. If you have children, your family would fall to pieces."
Every single man who'd possessed the emerald pendant suffered a similar fate. There were no exceptions. Even on their deathbed, they'd think that th unlucky and had given into their lust too easily.
Joe glanced at her. Did she say his family would fall to pieces?
He hadn't been expecting such a conclusion.
"Do you have to be the one dealing with the emerald pendant?" Joe posed the question after a few moments of silence.
"Yeah, it needs to be me. In addition, I think there are other negative items with the Martins, other than the jade pendant," guessed Skylar.
From what had happened recently, Skylar could guess what the man behind the scenes was aiming for. He wanted to destroy the dominating families
This person was unable to contend with them when it came to business deals. They would only achieve their goals through such sinister plots. How ev Joe fell silent. Then, he said, "I'll make the arrangements. Sorry for troubling you with this."
Skylar looked down and said, "No worries. This might affect Grandma, after all."
She couldn't sit and watch misfortune befall them if Gloria was at stake.
Joe smirked coldly, Gloria was more important to Skylar than he was. This position...
It made Joe feel out of sorts. He stood up and declared, "I'll be going out."
Vera went to see Buck. Then, she visited Penelope. Their hospital rooms were right beside each other's. She was the one who suffered the least inju wander around.
For the past few days, she had been submerged in anxiety. Just now, she'd taken a nap. However, it
wasn't a restful nap, as she had been tortured by a nightmare.
She dreamt about the Ruells' crisis.
Just as she was returning to her room, she saw Jenny in a wheelchair. Their eyes met.
"What happened to you?" Vera scanned Jenny from head to toe.
Hadn't she said that she was working at Joe's company?
Joe had raised Jenny. She looked like a fragile flower who needed to be nurtured in order to survive. Most of them knew the romantic intentions Jenny harbored for Joe.
Οι
While she referred to Joe as her brother, she wanted to date him. Thus, Vera disliked Jenny.
Jenny wasn't expecting to run into Vera. She'd seen that the Ruells had gotten into an accident on the news.
There
they both stayed at Apollo Hospital, the inpatient department there was gigantic. 
glso been a fire. Although
The chance of them running into each other was minuscule.
Jenny didn't want to stay in her room. She needed some air.
###chapter829

Jenny ended up running into Vera.
Jenny was in a terrible state now. She looked hideous. However, she didn't want Vera to
make fun of her. Thus, she explained, "I was in an accident. I'll be staying here for the next few days."
"An accident?" Vera gave her another once over. Jenny had a wound on her forehead, not to mention she was in a wheelchair. She must've sustained many injuries.
"Were you badly injured?"
The color in Jenny's face drained. She said, "I'm fine. However, there's a wound in my leg so I can't walk. How about you, Ms. Ruell? I saw the news."
Vera replied coldly, "We're fine. Take care of yourself."
Suddenly, she thought of Skylar and Joe's visit to the hospital. They had been here to see Jenny, hadn't they?
"You know Skylar, right?" asked Vera.
Jenny frowned and replied, "Have you seen her?"
Vera pressed on, "What do you think Skylar means to Joe?"
Jenny knew of Joe and Vera's history, so she was very alert when it came to her. She answered, "I'm not sure what she means to Joe either."
Now, it looked like Vera wasn't as confident as she'd been in how she'd get him to divorce Skylar.
In the past, they thought that Vera was the passive one in the relationship. If Vera took the first step this time, Joe would come running no matter what it cost him.
Of course, these were the rumors circulating among their friends.
Perhaps it was her imagination, but Jenny felt like Vera was starting to panic. So she wasn't the only one feeling so.
Jenny recalled that Vera had no idea Joe had married Skylar. She immediately added, "Joe probably adores Skylar. He treats her differently."
Vera balled her fists and asked, "In what way?"
"A few months before I graduated, Joe brought Skylar with him to visit her. They traveled together and took many pictures while there. It's evident Joe likes her."
Vera paled visibly.
Jenny felt much better knowing that an arrogant woman like Vera would feel threatened as well. At least she wasn't the only one suffering. Upon seeing Vera agitated, Jenny believed
that everything she'd done had been worth it.
"How could he like Skylar?" Vera asked coldly.
Skylar was a scheming woman. She basically had the word "poor" stamped across her forehead. Joe definitely didn't adore her for real.
"I don't know whether his feelings for her are real. I'm tired. I'll be going back to my room to rest." After finishing, Jenny returned to her room, leaving Vera frozen in place.
As a nurse wheeled her back to her room, Jenny smirked. She was confident that she'd be able to become the most important person in Joe's life.
It didn't matter whether it was Skylar or Vera. They were nothing more than stepping stones to her.
Vera trudged back to her room, disoriented and depressed.
Jenny couldn't help but call Joe after returning to her room. She called him thrice consecutively, but he didn't pick up.
It was seven in the evening; Joe must've had his dinner. There was no way he hadn't heard his phone ringing. Even if he had muted it, he would've seen her missed calls from the afternoon. Why was Joe ignoring her?
Just as she was contemplating whether to call Rowan, someone pushed open the door to her room. Jenny immediately looked over.
Upon seeing who it was, Jenny was over the moon. She exclaimed, "Joe, you're finally here. I called you multiple times but you never picked up. I was terrified! The doctor said that my wound might leave a scar. I don't want it to. I don't want my leg to become hideous. Joe, what will I do now?"
She sobbed daintily, just like she'd done when she'd been young. Jenny expressed just the right amount of terror and cowardice.
###chapter830
If Jenny observed him closely, she would've noticed that Joe was different today. His face was a blank slate. It caused a chill to run down Jenny's spine.
Finally, Jenny realized that something was off while dabbing at her tears. She froze and said, "Joe..."
She glanced at Paul, who was standing behind him.
Paul's words from the afternoon echoed in her head. In addition, Joe's iciness toward her confused and scared her. It was as though what she believed to be within her grasp was now well out of her reach.
"Have you been keeping something from me?" asked Joe.
His monotone made her tremble. Jenny paled as her heart sank.
Could it be?
No, it was impossible.
There was no way he would find out.
Her every meeting with Edwin had happened discreetly. No one would know. Had Skylar told
him something? Why did she have to be such a horrible woman? Why was Skylar intent on hurting her?
"I haven't been keeping anything from you. Has someone said something to you?" Jenny felt her throat tighten as she posed the question nervously.
Paul chuckled internally when it became clear that Jenny planned to continue lying. If he hadn't seen those pictures and videos with his own eyes, he seen them.
Joe looked away and said to Paul, "Deal with her."
Then, he walked out.
Jenny froze in bewilderment. She muttered, "Joe..."
Why had he left? He hadn't even said much?
She was utterly confused. Terror seized her bit by bit. Gradually, she managed to guess what had happened.
Jenny struggled to get out of bed. However, her injured leg prevented her from doing so.
"Stop mocking around. Mr. Martin
won't
Just
be coming back after he's left.
he gave you a last took it for granted," samance.
You Paul.
She stared at him, horrified. Then, she asked, "What last chance are you talking about?"
Jenny fisted her blankets tightly. Her nails nearly pierced through the fabric. She was so nervous she thought she could hear her breathing.
Had they all found out? No, it was impossible. Even if Skylar framed her, Joe wouldn't believe her just like that.
"I sent you some stuff. Look through them on your own later. You've been fired. Never seek Mr. Martin out. I've found some evidence to confirm that your mom never saved Mr. Martin. 
From today onward, you're not to mention his name to yield certain benefits, Paul instructed emotionlessly.
The truth about that accident had come to light a while ago.
Considering Jenny's relationship with Joe, she wouldn't get the chance to see him anymore.
Then, Paul left.
Jenny's mouth was hanging open. Her ears rang. She only came to her senses after a long time. When she found her phone, she was suddenly terrified of opening it to check her WhatsApp. 
What happened had to be a nightmare. It had to be.
Her mom had saved Joe. How could she have tried to harm him?
In addition...
Paul must've sent her some fabricated evidence. She would make Joe trust her once again. Jenny would succeed in doing so.
###chapter831
 
Sweat trickled down Jenny's forehead. She bit her lip and clicked on the message Paul had sent her. There were a bunch of pictures and videos.
There was no need to watch the videos. She knew what they entailed by looking at the pictures.
Jenny
paled as her phone slipped out of her grasp. She didn't want to face the truth. "How could this be? Who took the photos and videos? How did they do preventative measures all this time. How could someone have taken these?"
“No, Mr. Ziegler, these pictures and videos are fakes. They were edited-all of them. I'm not the woman in those videos. Please help me explain what happened to Joe. He mustn't believe in all this.
"Who sent you these? The technology available to create fakes has become especially advanced. How could I be the woman in the video? How could you and Joe not know who I am? Both of you have known me for years. Please, don't believe it. Could you ask Joe to pick up my calls?"
All of her messages elicited no response.
She called Joe a few times more. He didn't pick up. She'd probably been blocked.
After a while, Jenny had a meltdown in bed.
"I don't get it. I don't understand! Why's everyone giving me a hard time? Why is Skylar able to garner Joe's and Gloria's affection? Yet, they insult and After sobbing for hours, she scrolled through WhatsApp to find Skylar's contact information.
After that, Jenny sent Skylar multiple accusatory voice messages.
"It was you, wasn't it? You found someone to stalk and photograph me. You resorted to dirty tactics to destroy my life. Skylar, you're shameless! Aren't you afraid that karma will bite you in e ass?
"Your dreams have come true now. Joe will never believe me again. He won't love me anymore. I'll be
abandoned by everyone I know in Jipsburg soon. How cruel! Skylar, I hate you. Even if I hadn't been in the picture, did you think you'd get the last laugh?
“Joe doesn't actually love you. He wouldn't. The Martins wouldn't accept you as their daughter-in-
law. Right, there's Vera too. For every day she remains
in Jipsburg, you'll suffer nothing but fear and panic. Joe will leave you sooner rather than later!"
Skylar noticed that she had messages coming in one after another. Looking at them, she realized they were all from Jenny.
Her expression turned grim after listening to a few of them.
Joe must've found out about Edwin's affair with Jenny. Someone had photographed them as well.
Skylar blocked Jenny.
There
point
bet
su z doho need to explain. The
Som Wasn't whether Skylar had sent e to tail and photogramet
her.
Jenny wouldn't believe her 
Suddenly, she heard noises downstairs. Skylar walked out of her room and glanced down.
Joe looked up at her.
Their eyes met.
After a moment of silence, Joe asked, "Could you come with me to see Edwin tomorrow?" "Alright," agreed Skylar.<
Joe's eyes darkened.
Skylar
want
what he was thinking 
aced away. She didn't
If she pondered on it, st
been bewildered.
The next day, Joe sent Skylar to work. Then, he picked her up early.
Just as Skylar got into his car, Edwin called.
Joe's visit had probably gotten Edwin
Perhaps he thought this was.ael
gesture of goodwill. Content to 
cited and surprised.
Edwin asked Joe when he would be getting there.
40 minutes later, they arrived.
belongs
Upon seeing Skylar, Edwin immediately frowned and asked Joe, "Why have you brought her with you?"
###chapter832
 
Didn't Joe know Edwin loathed Skylar?
Joe drove a wedge between Edwin and Molly because of her.
She was nothing more than a poor woman. Yet, she dreamed of becoming part of the Martins. That would remain nothing more than a fantasy. Skylar was expressionless. Edwin didn't want to see her, nor did she want to see him. If not for Gloria, she wouldn't have made the trip. "Your house is one of the assets of the Martin Group. It doesn't belong to you. I can bring whoever I want to," Joe asserted coldly.
Upon hearing his words, Edwin grew furious. He roared, "You!"
Had Joe come here just to piss him off?
Edwin could tell that Joe would never respect his fatherly authority.
“Darling, the helpers have finished preparing dinner. Let's head in," Molly cut in, interrupting their stare down.
Before Molly turned around and walked away, she gave Skylar a once over. Joe definitely brought Skylar with him for a reason. Now, Molly thought of what happened whenever she looked at Skylar, following how she'd failed to organize Skylar's gang rape.
If possible, Molly would give Skylar a taste of what she had been subjected to.
Molly's appearance gave Edwin a chance to back down, which he took. He turned and walked into the
mansion.
Joe and Skylar trailed after him.
It was evident Edwin valued Joe's visit heavily. He'd asked the helpers to prepare a luxurious dinner spread.
Molly pretended like nothing had happened. She chatted with Joe and Skylar graciously. However, it was all courteous, shallow, small talk.
Edwin's expression brightened up. He said to Joe, "You could assign more tasks to your subordinates at the office. Your cousins could also share out y Skylar felt extremely awkward sitting beside them.
Edwin had let himself go under the influence of the emerald pendant. It had probably been a result of his incapability and lack of determination. "Show me the emerald pendant you reclaimed from the police," Joe ordered impatiently.
Edwin froze. He asked, "How did you know I went to the police station? You even know I've got an emerald pendant.”
It was something he wore everyday. Other than his one night stands, no one knew about it.
"If I want to find out something in Jipsburg, the information will be handed to me on a silver platter."
Edwin looked like he'd been slapped.
While asking others to help him look for the pendant, he couldn't help but bring Joe into the conversation. In Jipsburg, Joe's name got him further than his own name did.
"It's just a regular emerald pendant.
What's so interesting about it? If you like it, I've got a few more in my study of different shapes and sizes. You can pick something out if you'd like." Edwin wouldn't give his pendant up just like that. After all, he'd just found it. 
"I want to take a look at this one, Joe insisted forcefully.
Molly noticed something was up. She said, "Joe, why are you set on looking at Edwin's pendant? I've seen it before. It's just an antique
emerald piece. There's notique et
special about it. It would probably cost a few millions to purchase. In addition, it's not suited for young people. It's nothing to look at." 
"She's right. It's nothing special. Finish your dinner. After that, I'll take you on a tour of my study. I've assembled a collection of antiques in my study. You can pick whichever one you want," Edwin proposed. He guarded the pendant with his life. 
Edwin felt uncomfortable when it wasn't around his neck in the few days he'd lost it. It was as though he'd lost his soul along with the pendant.
Thus, this emerald pendant was now his most precious treasure. He couldn't lose it once more.
Skylar looked up and glanced at him. Then, she stared at Joe.
###chapter833
Edwin’s refusal was exactly what they had expected, so they weren't surprised. Objects with negative energy tended to befuddle the senses of those they possessed, clouding their judgment. However, it was Molly’s frantic attempt to intervene that truly sharpened their suspicion.
Joe fixed his gaze on Edwin, his voice low and calculating. "Was the pendant a gift to you? Or did you win it at an auction?"
Edwin let out a long, shaky sigh of relief. He thought Joe was backing off from his demands. "Oh, I bought it while I was overseas. It only cost eight million dollars—an absolute bargain, really."
"It definitely isn't just a regular piece of jewelry. You wouldn't have sent out a massive search party to recover it if that were the case." Joe’s tone shifted, becoming forceful once more as he pressed the demand.
Edwin’s face drained of color. He looked cornered as he stammered, "I’ve told you already. It’s just a cheap little trinket. Why are you so obsessed with seeing it?" Even as he complained, he slowly reached into his pocket and pulled it out.
It was a point of deep embarrassment for Edwin, but those close to the family knew the truth: Edwin was terrified of Joe. He knew Joe’s tactics all too well—after all, those same tactics were the reason Edwin had stayed out of the country for years.
Once Joe was handed the pendant, he inspected the deep green stone. He confirmed it was a perfect match for the one in the photograph Skylar had shown him. He glanced at her, and Skylar gave a subtle, firm nod.
With the confirmation settled, Joe looked up at his father. "I know exactly what you’ve been involved with overseas. It clearly has something to do with this pendant. Are you aware that several 'negative items' have recently surfaced in Jipsburg?"
Edwin froze at the mention of the term. He immediately averted his eyes, terrified that Joe would pick up on a hidden truth in his gaze.
"I... I heard the Doherty family mention something about a negative item," Edwin muttered defensively. "But this pendant of mine isn't one. I’ve worn it for years. Don’t tell me you believe those stories about these items being lethal. Look at me—isn't my current health proof enough that they're harmless?"
"I think you’re overthinking this, Joe," Molly added hurriedly, her voice pitching higher in her panic. "It’s just a normal emerald pendant. Edwin has simply worn it so long that he’s become overly attached to it."
Joe raised an eyebrow, his voice dropping to a cold intonation. "Is that so?"
It was painfully clear to Joe that both Edwin and Molly knew exactly what the item was. Despite knowing its malevolent nature, Edwin refused to part with it. Something was deeply wrong.
"I’ll be keeping this for the time being. Now, let’s take a tour of your study," Joe said. He pocketed the emerald, completely ignoring the distraught expressions on Edwin and Molly's faces. He took Skylar’s hand and began lead her up the stairs.
"Joe! That is my favorite piece! I can't just give it to you!" Edwin shouted, trailing behind them with a vehemence that bordered on desperation. "If you wanted anything else in this house, I would have given it to you—anything but that!"
Molly followed, her voice trembling. "Yes, Joe! I have several beautiful antiques in my collection. Please, you and Skylar can choose any gift you like as a replacement!"
Joe ignored them entirely, his boots thudding rhythmically on the stairs. As they climbed, he leaned down and whispered into Skylar’s ear, "Inform me the very second you pick up on anything feeling 'wrong.' Leave the rest to me. You don't need to pay them any attention."
Skylar looked back over her shoulder at Edwin and Molly. The raw panic written across their faces was chilling.
Suddenly, the weight of Joe’s future felt incredibly heavy. A father like Edwin—one who was a slave to his own impulses and didn't know what was best for him—was a ticking time bomb. Skylar felt a literal pressure on her shoulders, a dark intuition telling her that they were walking into something far more dangerous than a simple family dispute.

###chapter834
 
Skylar hadn't figured out why she felt that way when they stepped into Edwin's study.
Edwin's study was big, but it didn't show many signs of use. A glass cupboard held a few antiques that looked quite valuable.
Skylar followed Joe over and studied every single one of them in detail.
"I can give you anything you want from this collection. However, I can't part with the emerald pendant in your hand," Edwin hurriedly said after catching Joe ignored him, looking at Skylar instead.
She observed them one by one. Then, she shook her head. There was nothing wrong with the antiques.
Skylar scanned her surroundings. None of the decorative items in the room were negative items either.
“None of these are interesting enough for me. I'll be taking the pendant with me," announced Joe. He took Skylar's hand and left Edwin's study, paying no mind to Edwin's protests.
Edwin was about to explode with fury. Joe had shown up just to piss him off, hadn't he? He knew Edwin valued the pendant, so he came to take it away from Edwin.
"No way. I've worn the pendant for years and gotten used to having it with me. I'll feel out of sorts if I give it to you," refused Edwin.
Joe was basically robbing him.
It didn't matter whether the pendant was a negative item or not. What mattered was that it would help him achieve his goals and remain happily alive. Joe stood in place. He looked down at Edwin disdainfully. Edwin's heart raced.
"I don't care about what you're trying to achieve using this crap. From this moment onward, stop whatever it is, commanded Joe coldly.
Edwin was rendered speechless for a moment.
Molly insisted stiffly, "It isn't a piece
of crap. It's a lucky talisman your dad likes to wear. Don't think of this pendant as something evil just. because other families were dealt an unfortunate hand. Right now you're no better than a robber." 
"I think you know the consequences of wearing the pendant," Skylar interjected. She stared into Molly's eyes.
Molly froze for a moment. Then, she
broke eye contact with Skylar as though she had something to hide. She huffed, "What would I know? What consequences would it bring? It's just an emerald pendant. I'm no longer indulging in superstitious traditions at my age and you
shouldn't too. It isn't a good thing to
be superstitious." 
to 
"If
I find another similar , you'll suffer the same fate as Lester,” Joe threatened. There was no need to waste time giving them advice. Threats were Molly quietened, looking affronted.
Edwin's eyes widened.
The asshole! Joe was a little shit! He was Edwin's son. How audacious of Joe to threaten him!
Edwin trembled with anger. He remembered Lester Ross' fate. Death would've been preferable over what he went through,
Even today, Lester could only dream
of returning to the country. He'd been Edwin's most trusted friend. They were as close as brothers. Who knew Joe would deal with him in such a cruel way? 
Now, he even used Lester against him as a threat!
A few minutes after Joe and Skylar left, Edwin could no longer contain his anger. He grabbed a vase and threw it at the door with a loud crash.
All the helpers were terrified. They didn't even dare to move a muscle.
###chapter835

Molly woke from her stupor. After realizing that Joe had taken the pendant, a thought popped into her head. She said, "He hasn't picked up on what's going on, has he? Do you think he might've found the fountain pen we had Jenny give him?"
Edwin had forgotten all about this. At Molly's reminder, he paled.
Slowly, he calmed down. Then, he replied, "I don't think so. If he had found out about that, he wouldn't have settled with just taking my pendant. Losing it was my mistake. I forgot we were in Jipsburg. I let the news get out on how I was seeking it out. It was only a matter of time before he knew."
Joe was the bane of his existence!
"Now what? He'll definitely destroy the pendant now that he's taken it from us. Have you forgotten what the master said? Only by wearing the pendant for long stretches of time will Joe's power diminish. When that happens, you'll rule over the Martins. No one will be able to hold a candle to your power." Molly frowned.
Edwin inhaled deeply and said, "I've been wearing it for years now. Have you seen any sign of Joe weakening? On the contrary, he's been gaining his footing in the Martin family. Perhaps it's just a psychological trick."
Molly was stunned. Edwin used to keep the emerald pendant close to him as though it was his most priceless treasure. He wouldn't have referred to it as a psychological trick.
After returning to Jipsburg, things were spinning out of control!
She glanced back at Edwin. He seemed to not be too bothered by having the pendant taken from him. The fury that had burned in his eyes was cooling.
A few months ago, the master told them that Joe wouldn't be able to hold on for long. However, in their recent meetings with Joe, he seemed completely fine. There was nothing about him that suggested he was on the brink of death.
In early photographs of Joe, he looked much more grim than he did now.
Suddenly, Molly thought of Skylar.
Her appearance had caused a change in the situation Molly thought had been set in stone.
All the families in Jipsburg should've sunken into a state of chaos. Yet, that wasn't happening. A lot of the negative items had been destroyed.
Someone from the Doherty family had told her that Skylar helped them.
Skylar was so young. Was she that capable?
"Alright, stop annoying me. If it's gone, so be it. Either way, we've still got the fountain pen. It's still in Joe's office. It would be great if it hurt Joe, but if it doesn't have much of an effect
on him we can do nothing about it," Edwin said. He didn't understand why he suddenly wasn't too concerned over the pendant. This feeling snuck up to him out of the blue. He couldn't put a finger on it.
Molly paled as she balled her fists. Her efforts would've been for naught if this scheme didn't yield results.
No, there was still the fountain pen. It was hidden perfectly. There would be no accidents on that front.
Skylar dealt with the emerald pendant on the way back to Galaxy Villa.
"I've got a suggestion."
Skylar glanced at Joe, whose jaw was clenched.
"Do say," replied Joe. The chill in his eyes dissipated.
Skylar proposed, "Put a surveillance team on them. I think they know the person behind all the negative items whom we're trying to find. In addition, they've probably interacted with each other more than once."
Joe nodded and said, "I've had people watching them for years. However, I left a few things and people out of my consideration. I've sent someone to look into it. Soon, I'll be given a list of people who have interacted with them frequently."
"In reality, you aren't safe. Have they gifted you anything recently?" Skylar was concerned. She felt like she was missing something.
Joe thought for a moment.
Then, he shook his head and assured Skylar, "They can't touch me."
Suddenly, Lucas stepped on the brakes.
###chapter836

It was a relief that they'd put on their seatbelts.
"Mr. Martin, there's been an accident."
Skylar and Joe's eyes met. Then, they looked in front. A car in front of them had suddenly braked the car after knocking a man down.
Although only a few minutes had passed since the accident, a crowd had gathered around the man, and the road had become extremely congested.
Skylar observed the left wheel of the car in front of them. Blood pooled beneath it. It looked like the victim was badly injured.
"Mr. Martin, based on the situation before us, this road will remain congested for quite a while."
They would be lucky if they could leave in 30 minutes.
Skylar glanced at the time. It was 7:00 pm already.
Joe scanned his surroundings and suggested, "There's a mall over there. Would you like to go?"
She followed his gaze and saw the aforementioned mall. She had been there before.
The seasons were about to change. It was a good time to go shopping.
"Alright, let's go."
They got out of the car and passed the car in front of them. Medics and police had arrived at the scene. There was no doubt that the victim would be sent to the hospital soon.
Suddenly, Skylar thought of the accident she'd been in before her rebirth.
When her legs were fractured by the car running over her, Skylar felt it. The agony terrified her whenever she recalled it.
"Are you afraid?" Joe noticed that Skylar had paled considerably after looking at the scene of the accident.
It was a bloody scene. The victim appeared to have lost consciousness.
Skylar wasn't scared. She just didn't want a repeat performance of what had happened.
Life was unpredictable. The only thing she could do was protect herself.
Joe and Skylar strolled through the mall leisurely.
First, Skylar bought a set of skincare products. She was about to finish her current set. Then, they sauntered over to look at female outfits.
When Skylar saw some she liked, she went to try them out. Joe waited for her patiently on the couch. She didn't want to keep him waiting, so Skylar changed quickly.
She left the dressing room and admired how it looked on her. She tried on a summer dress and paired it with a woolen cardigan. Skylar approved of how it looked at her.
The simple dress and the cardigan cost about ten thousand dollars. Although Skylar was working and making her own money now, she still believed it was too expensive.
Although she'd been in this mall before, she'd forgotten that the clothes here cost an arm and a leg.
Just as Skylar was about to take it off in the dressing room, a woman announced, "Her outfit looks good. I like it. Bring me an identical set in the same size as hers. I'd like to try it."
Her voice sounded familiar, but Skylar couldn't quite place it. She turned back, only to find that it was Felicia.
Felicia froze for a second upon seeing Skylar. She wasn't expecting Skylar to be the one trying the clothes out, nor had she expected Skylar to have such an excellent figure. She made a simple outfit look remarkably sexy. However, it looked far from cheap on her.
###chapter837
On the contrary, Skylar looked like an elegant black swan. In other words, she had a better figure than a model. She was dangerously attractive.
However, Felicia believed that her outfit contributed to that. Seeing how it looked on Skylar drove her to try it on.
"My apologies. We only have a singular piece for this outfit," said the promoter.
"Why would that be?" Annoyance twisted her features.
Felicia was no longer a celebrity. She had to return to Ingram Residence and was forced to join her family's company. She was being controlled at every turn, and she loathed it. In addition, all her family members were terrified of offending Joe
because of her. Life was looking down.
She'd gone shopping as a reprieve from her daily life. Felicia used to have brands deliver the season's newest arrivals to her doorstep.
Upon seeing Skylar, she felt immensely uncomfortable. A complicated mix of emotions swirled within
Felicia.
It was all Skylar's fault!
If Skylar hadn't stepped in, Felicia would've succeeded in forcing Charles out of the entertainment
industry! For the past few weeks, she hadn't dared to leave the house in fear of getting laughed at. She wasn't expecting to run into Skylar on her first foray back into public.
Skylar didn't want that outfit. She told the promoter, "I don't really like his outfit. You can give it to her.
Just as Skylar finished speaking, Joe countered, "The outfit isn't bad. We'll take it."
He had been replying to a message and hadn't gotten the chance to take a good look at her outfit.
Now, his Adam's apple bobbed upon seeing the dress hugging her figure. Many people shared this style but none looked
as good as Skylar. At least, that was what he thought.
The promoter replied immediately, "Alright!"
If Skylar continued refusing, it would make her out to be too pretentious. Thus, she didn't speak out against it. She immediately went back to the changing room and changed back into her clothes.
This outfit couldn't be worn just yet. In a few days, temperatures would drop. This dress would be perfect
in that weather.
Felicia was happily surprised by Skylar's treatment of her as a stranger. She was ecstatic to be in Joe's
presence too.
When Felicia thought of how similar she looked with Skylar, her eyes flashed. As Skylar entered the changing room, she said, "Mr.
e
Skylar and me was a
Martin, what happened
misunderstanding. Upon reflecting on it, I realized that it was my fault. Could you give me a chance to
re-enter the entertainment
industry?" 
Felicia had had it with her current situation. She was stifled by the atmosphere with the Ingrams.
All her old friends began keeping
their distance from her. Her suitors had disappeared as well. Felicia no longer wanted to live a life of getting ignored by others 
Joe was expressionless. He stared at Felicia as though she was a stranger to him. Then, he asked, "Who are you?"
"Mr. Martin, don't you recognize me?"
How could this be? They'd seen each other multiple times.
Joe's eyes darkened. He didn't reply. His patience was dissipating.
Embarrassment colored Felicia's features. Thankfully, she'd grown a little smarter.
"I... I was being too presumptuous. My apologies."
Then, she escaped from the boutique.
Just as she left, Jeremy walked in with a short-haired beauty on his arm.
She carried a new, limited-edition purse. She praised, "Mr. Hughes, I love the pieces from this boutique. It accentuates my curves."
They were lost in each other's eyes and oblivious to everything else around them.
Joe glared at them. Upon seeing the woman beside Jeremy, he raised a brow.
At the same time, Skylar came out of the changing room and said to Natalie over the phone, “What a coincidence. I'm.....”
Before she could finish her
she caught sight of
the girl she'd seen aisal
and the beauty by
café.
It
Jeremy realized someone was observing him. He glanced away from the girl and met eyes with Skylar and Joe.
###chapter838
 
Jeremy's face fell. Clearly, running into Skylar and Joe was a surprise.
"What a coincidence, eh?" started Jeremy.
Joe hummed in response.
Skylar was stunned by the situation. Natalie was bewildered by Skylar's sudden silence. She chirped, Skye, why have you gone silent? Is your line breaking up? No matter. I know where the boutique you mentioned is. Give me two minutes and I'll be with you!"
Before Skylar could say anything else, Natalie hung up. Skylar was left to listen to the beeping line.
She had no choice but to put her phone away.
In the past, she hadn't had the chance to get a good look at the woman's face. Now, she could see her clearly.
She looked like the female lead of a viral coming-of-age drama, Helena Hart. It depicted a love story happening within the walls of a college. Helena played the role of a young, cheery woman. It propelled her to stardom. She was the newest rising star of coming-of-age shows.
Apparently, Helena knew Joe. She asked, "Mr. Martin?"
She followed Joe's gaze and glanced at Skylar. A sense of danger took over her. Helena didn't think Skylar was a celebrity. She'd never seen a woman with such blinding beauty in the industry.
Jeremy nodded at Skylar. She woke from her stupor and nodded back at him.
The promoter came back with the pieces packed into neat bags. She said, "Mr. and Mrs. Martin, I've packed them up."
Joe handed her a card. Upon seeing that it was a black card, her eyes lit up. She immediately tapped it to their terminal.
“I'll look at their pieces," declared Helena. She was intelligent enough not to dwell on who Skylar was. She hadn't heard of anyone in the industry who had relations with Joe, not to mention rumors were flying around about Vera and Joe's impending engagement. However, Skylar definitely wasn't Vera. Rumors weren't always true.
In the past, Jeremy had promised he'd never get involved with a sugar baby from the entertainment industry. If he'd kept to that promise, why would he appear before Helena and shower her with the resources from her wildest dreams? She'd even become the ambassador of multiple Hughes Group products.
She had to be sensitive to the situation. If a question was unwelcome, she wouldn't pose it.
Jeremy approached Joe and Skylar. He asked, "Why don't we have dinner together?"
Skylar looked over at Joe and waited for his response. Then, she would find a way to refuse his
suggestion.
"No thanks. We've just eaten," replied Joe.
Jeremy was unfazed. He said, "Alright. When you're free, we can play some basketball together."
He asked Skylar, "Have you been busy?"
"Things are alright," said Skylar.
She was thinking about how to prevent Jeremy and Natalie from meeting. In their last meeting in the elevator, the air hummed with awkwardness. Natalie would've needed time to make her way over.
Thus, Skylar said, "I just thought of a night cream I forgot to buy. I'll head over to purchase it. Then, I'll meet you back here later."
Joe raised a brow and proposed, "I'll go with you."
She was about to turn him down when someone rushed in. She announced, “Skye, I'm here! Aren't I fast? I can find any boutique in this mall with my eyes closed!
Natalie beamed brightly. She'd
become much tanner. Perhaps itz was because she'd been spending a lot of time outside. Although she wasn't as fair as she used to be, she was still glowing. 
She was like a mini sun. Her appearance swept away all the darkness. One look at her and Skylar knew she had been doing very well recently. She seemed carefree.
###chapter839
 
Jeremy stiffened. His face paled as he turned back slowly to watch Natalie walk in.
At the start, Natalie hadn't noticed Jeremy. She caught sight of Skylar upon coming in and treated Jeremy as another customer. After all, he had his back to her.
When Jeremy turned about, Natalie halted in her tracks. Her smile froze on her face. She never expected to see Jeremy in a boutique, of all places. Knowing a mall too well wasn't always a good thing.
"Are you here to shop too?" Natalie started the conversation.
Jeremy looked at Natalie with dark eyes. There was an air about her that was unfamiliar to him.
"Mr. Hughes, what do you think of this piece?"
Helena strutted out of the changing room. She observed herself in the mirror before turning to Jeremy.
Yet, Jeremy was staring at a woman she didn't know. In addition, he was so intent on studying her that he didn't even hear Helena speak to him. She repeated, "Mr. Hughes?"
Everyone noticed her presence when she addressed him for the second time.
Natalie realized something upon seeing how Helena looked at Jeremy, not to mention the fact that they were at a boutique together.
In the past, Jeremy had constantly been busy. He never went shopping with Natalie. Although she felt a little bitter about it, she pushed such feelings away. It was good for him to start a new relationship.
Natalie knew Helena. She was the female lead of a campus drama that had been going viral. After taking up the post as Austin's assistant, Natalie was in the loop with what went on in the entertainment industry.
"You're Helena Hart, aren't you? I've seen the drama you acted in. Your acting is impeccable. You look great in this piece!" Natalie praised.
In reality, she thought Skylar would've looked better. In her eyes, Skylar had the perfect figure-she was a natural-born model. That being said, Helena had an excellent figure, too-at least it was better than hers.
Natalie had grown a little plumper recently. She liked her figure now. If not, she felt she had the figure of a
man.
She had to acknowledge that Jeremy had always liked women with curves. Only he didn't know his preferences.
Divorce was an opportunity for rebirth.
"Thanks," said Helena with a smile.
She observed Jeremy imperceptibly.
"How did you get here so fast?" asked Skylar.
Natalie walked closer and explained,
"I used
O'shop here all the time. Ke
gone into nearly every single s 
swnow
Then, she turned to Joe and said, " would like Skylar to come shopping with me. I'll bring her back to you a café around here with wonderful coffee. I'll treat you to a 
In half an hour. Would that be alright?" cup."
Joe hummed expressionlessly.
Natalie immediately pulled Skylar away with her.
As she paced Jeremy, she noticed he was looking at her. Her eyes flashed, and she stopped walking.
Natalie said, “Jer, I wish you nothing but happiness."
Joe didn't hear it. Helen, who'd been standing before the mirror, didn't hear it as well.
Jeremy's expression changed
abruptly. She called him Jer like how
she used to at their first meeting decades ago. He balled his fists. He could tell that Natalie was delivering her most genuine wishes. She believed Helen 
###chapter840
Natalie hooked an arm around Skylar's and walked out with her. She hadn't noticed Jeremy's change in expression. His eyes were stuck to her as she left.
Jeremy didn't even realize when Helena sidled up to him.
Not only did that woman know Jeremy, but she also knew Joe and Skylar. That was her name, wasn't it?
In addition, Jeremy looked at her in a weird way. It was as though he couldn't see anyone else when he was staring at her. Her instinct flagged Natalie out as a threat. She said, "Mr. Hughes, let's continue shopping." Jeremy shook himself out of his daydream. He looked down to hide his red-rimmed eyes. Then, he said," That's enough shopping for today. Let's go."
He turned to Joe and added, "I'll take my leave now."
Joe nodded. He glanced at Helena thoughtfully. Then, he walked out.
Natalie and Skylar walked into a shop selling male clothes.
"I don't have much savings. I can't gift Mr. Powell luxury suits. However, I can manage a tie. You've got great taste. Help me pick one."
Austin's birthday was in a few days. Everyone in the company secretly prepared gifts for him.
Natalie had come to the mall to pick a gift out. Initially, she planned to take pictures and send them to Skylar to select one. She was surprised to find out Skylar was in the mall. This was even better.
Skylar was relieved to realize Natalie truly didn't care that Jeremy had a new girlfriend. She focused on selecting ties with Natalie and asked, "How about this one?"
"This one looks good. However, it doesn't look like something Mr. Powell would wear. On the other hand, it looks like Mr. Martin's style. Why don't you buy one for him? You're already here, after all," suggested, Natalie.
Skylar thought of how Joe had just paid for her clothes. A tie would be an adequate token of exchange. "I would like this one." Skylar pointed it out to the promoter standing there. She continued, "Help me bag it up." Then, she continued helping Natalie pick a gift.
It didn't look like Natalie had a favorite one. She chatted with Skylar. "Jeremy has got a new crush, and I'm really happy for him. I've made sense of things. I've got to look to the future rather than get lost in the past.
"When I reflect upon our time
together, I realize that Jeremy and I
aren't really suited for each other.
I've heard of Helena. She's professional and hardworking. Her career hasn't been smooth sailing
for the past six or seven years. She's probably an excellent woman.
"It looks like you've let go of your relationship with Jeremy. Skylar believed Natalie had grown and changed.
Natalie was exposed to many new experiences since getting to know Austin. She opened herself to the wonders of the world.
She nodded and replied, "At the start,
I couldn't get past what happened. However, I've opened my mind to possibilities since the divorce Skylar, love isn't the only thing in one's life. Look, no matter what 
happens, you'll always be my best friend! Mr. Powell is a great boss, and Hank is a great manager
"My parents have stopped worrying about me. They even began following Mr. Powell's career closely Everything is proceeding in a great direction." Jeremy was also moving forward.
Everyone was safe and happy with their own life trajectory and goals. Wasrit that awesome?
The two women browsed through a few more shops. In the end, Natalie selected a woolen scarf. He could
wrap it around him on planes. would also be useful when winter rolled around, thus making it an extremely practical gift. 
Joe didn't drink coffee in the end. At this hour, it would jeopardize his quality of sleep.
-1791
Verify
He stood outside the mall and smoked.
His heart sank when he thought of how things were going on between Joe and Skylar. Before he realized it, he'd gone through four cigarettes.
When Skylar came out, she saw Joe smoking. He seemed to be in a bad mood.
Joe looked up and saw Skylar. He asked, "Are you done shopping?"
"Yeah, Natalie ran into a colleague. They're going to shop for a while more. Let's head home."
Skylar recalled the tie she'd bought. She handed the bag to him and said, "There's a tie inside. Have a look
at it and see whether it's to your liking. If you don't like it, I'll go back and exchange it for another one."
Surprised flashed across Joe's icy orbs. Then, his eyes lit up with mirth. He said, "I'll take a look.” The tie had been packaged beautifully.
###chapter841
 
Joe opened the box reverently. A grin grew on his face as he did so.
"It's great. I love it."
"That's good," said Skylar. Upon seeing his smile, she thought of how he was easily placated.
"Let's go home."
"Alright."
After meeting her colleague, Natalie shopped with her for a while more. Then, they went to a barbecue restaurant where Natalie had a few drinks.
When they decided to head home, it was 1:00 am. Her colleague called a cab for her.
Natalie was a little drunk. She felt like she was walking on clouds. Perhaps it was because she'd been quite happy today.
Seeing Jeremy and how he was getting over their marriage was the best thing she could've envisioned. She'd also picked out Austin's birthday gift, not to mention her uninhibited chat with her colleague after a good barbecue and some beer.
She hummed as she entered the elevator and continued doing so as she exited onto her floor.
When she got home, she tried twice to get her lock to recognize her fingerprint.
The door remained staunchly locked. Natalie wiped her fingers down and tried once more. Finally, she succeeded.
Just as she was about to close the
was
l.n
door with a kick, someone pushed onto the door. Natalie turned around with a frown. The ground was spinning, and the lights weren't on. She stared at the silhouette of the stranger and uttered, "Jeremy?" 
Natalie rubbed her eyes and mumbled, "Why am I seeing Jeremy?"
"Your eyes have not deceived you. It's me. Natalie, haven't you been happy? You haven't seen me since our divorce." Jeremy drew in on her and closed the door.
Natalie sobered up within seconds. She looked at Jeremy in bewilderment.
"You! Jeremy, is it really you? Why would you be in my house? I-I remember that we'd gotten divorced. Jeremy, you're not my husband anymore. You're like a brother to me."
Natalie felt as though her brain was sloshing around in her skull. Her reactions were sluggish. She was intoxicated to the point where everything felt like a dream.
She beamed at Jeremy. "Smile! We've pulled ourselves out of the swamp of our marriage. Isn't this something worth getting ecstatic over?" Jeremy clenched his jaw. He was extremely pale. He glared at Natalie in her state of drunkenness.
He knew her too well. When she was
intoxicated, her words were full of half-truths and delusions. What could be confirmed was she was genuinely wishing him and Helena the best after their meeting. She Teally didn't care about him anymore! 
"Natalie, have you forgotten what you said? You said we would be together till the end of our lives. I was the only man you'd ever love No one else could come close. Have you forgotten all this?" Jeremy questioned her angrily. 
###chapter842
The question caught Natalie by surprise. Her reflexes had slowed after getting drunk. She felt like she was in a dream. However, she knew this wasn’t the 
case. 
“In the past… You’ve mentioned it was from the past yourself. Back then, we’d promised each other a lot. However, you cheated, Jeremy. Those negative items drove you out of your mind, but I know better. If you’d been determined enough, Annabelle wouldn’t have weasled in. 
“However, I do know that it’s a rarity for anyone to have such strong determination. Jeremy, I know everything. I tried to understand you, but I realized I couldn’t live with such a broken relationship.” 
Natalie watched Jeremy in his state of rage. She was drunk, and her tongue felt like it was lolling around in her mouth. However, she told him her 
innermost thoughts. 
“Don’t you have Helena now? Put your hopes into the future. Jeremy, you’re like a brother to me. You’ll always be, till the end of my life.” 
Other than that, there would be nothing between them. 
Jeremy punched the wall. His jaw was clenched tightly. Natalie’s words had struck him like lightning. 
Natalie woke up a little. She noticed that Jeremy had hurt his hand. His knuckles were bleeding. 
The drunken tinge in her voice dissipated. She stated, “I’ll get my first aid kit.” 
A few minutes later, Natalie applied medication to Jeremy’s wound as though she’d done it thousands of times before. 
Austin injured himself frequently while filming. She learned to clean up small wounds from him. Hank had taught her a lot too. 
As she cleaned it up, she sobered up. She couldn’t wrap her mind around his behavior. He seemed so unfamiliar now. In the past, he’d never been like that. She thought he’d left their past back where it belonged. 
They were silent. Jeremy studied Natalie. 
After leaving him, Natalie had grown. She’d changed. Light danced in her eyes. Yet, he hadn’t been involved in putting it there. 
Overnight, Natalie had undergone a huge transformation after her failed 
marriage. 
When Jeremy thought of how Austin had his sights on Natalie, he felt like he was choking up. His breathing was labored. 
He grabbed Natalie’s hand. She jumped and tried to yank her hand out. 
“Jeremy?” 
Did he even know what he was doing? 
Jeremy teared up. He stared hard at Natalie and asked, “Don’t you feel even the slightest bit of jealousy when you see me with Helena?” 
Natalie froze. Suddenly, she realized why he’d flown into a rage. He cared about why she hadn’t gotten jealous. 
“If I were still your wife, I would be jealous. However, we’re divorced,” Natalie said calmly. 
Jeremy’s eyes turned even redder. His fingers tightened around her hand as he pleaded, “Let’s get back together.” 
Natalie was horribly surprised. She started, “You…” 
“I only agreed to the divorce so that you’d get past this. I didn’t mean to force you away from me. Natalie, you’re my one and only wife,” Jeremy said. 
Her expression changed. She stood up suddenly and shook him off. 
“Jeremy, you’re mad! The thought of remarrying you has never crossed my mind since our divorce!” 
He had a new woman with him now, and they were divorced. Their relationship was in shambles. How would they remarry? 
Jeremy paled. He affixed a deadly glare on Natalie. 
###chapter843
After a long time, Jeremy picked his suit up and left. 
Natalie was lost in thought as she watched the door slam before her. Jeremy was a lunatic. 
Skylar had just clocked in for work on Monday. 
Just as she got ready to start, Caleb approached her in a few large strides.” Have you seen the news?” 
Skylar was surprised by the question. She repeated, “What news?” 
She hadn’t checked her phone after waking up, so she had no idea what news was going viral on the internet. Was there another scandal? 
Caleb knew she hadn’t seen the news judging from her reaction. He reported, The Ruells have landed in yet another scandal. This time, it involves my high- 
school friend!” 
Upon hearing that, Skylar pulled her phone out to check the news. It had been published half an hour ago. 
A student committing suicide had fallen on top of Hector. He’d jumped from one of the school buildings, and no one had realized until it was too late. 
Thankfully, Hector hadn’t been standing directly under him. He only broke his 
arm. 
His fracture sent him into such agony he fainted on the stop. The student who’d been committing suicide hadn’t died either. The doctors were saving him. 
Due to the fact that Hector was a member of the Ruell family, this piece of news had taken over the headlines. 
When college students committed suicide, they had everyone conjecturing about their motivations. Now that the Ruell family was involved, this was blowing up. 
In an hour, this had become the most searched issue in Jipsburg. 
“Accidents have been happening one after another. If they still think it doesn’t matter, they’re hopeless. I talked to Hector on WhatsApp about it just now. He drove me away. If he does ask for my help, he’ll need to beg for it,” insisted Caleb. Whenever he recalled how Hector behaved, fury crept up on him. 
Skylar pocketed her phone. Then, she said, “If they do contact you, tell them that you’ll only help under two conditions.” Caleb picked up on something off. However, he didn’t ask. 
Due to the overwhelming media coverage on the issue, rumors about Vera and Joe’s impending marriage were flying over the internet. 
Vera must’ve offended Skylar. 
Caleb was curious about Skylar’s two conditions. 
In the hospital room of Apollo Hospital, Edwin stared at Jenny with furrowed brows. She’d gotten herself into an accident. She was bruised from head to toe. Hatred prickled thought. 
“Heal up. You may seek me out after you’re discharged. Take the chance to settle yourself with me. You and Joe weren’t suited for each other anyway. Stop fantasizing over him.” 
It was as though he’d stuck a needle through her ear. She screamed, “No, I won’t continue getting pushed around by you! Joe knows everything now. I’m not scared of you anymore.” 
She’d sought Joe out multiple times in the past few days relentlessly, only to find out she’d been blocked. 
Even Skylar blocked her. Rowan had done so too. He used to adore her. Jenny texted her about how she’d regretted her decision and wanted to date him. He would be the only person she ever loved. She’d said things she never would’ve. Yet, Rowan pretended he hadn’t heard. 
This meant he’d abandoned her. 
In that case, what did she have to be scared of? 
###chapter844
Jenny didn’t want to be Edwin’s lover. He was older than her father, for god’s sake. She didn’t want to give herself a hard time bending to Edwin’s every will to please him. 
Edwin looked horrible. He chuckled coldly and promised, “Alright, you’ll be begging me for it in the future.” 
He threw that statement out and left mercilessly. 
Jenny watched Edwin leave at a moment’s notice. She froze for a second before laughing coldly. She mumbled to herself, “Beg you? I’ll never do that. If you? 
“I’ve got to come up with an idea so Joe trusts me again!” 
Many people were crowded in Denton’s room. His three children and a bunch of grandchildren were in the room. 
Everyone who was available had shown up. Those who weren’t available were more or less on their deathbed. 
Hector had gotten into an accident today. He was Denton’s favorite grandchild. The news weakened Denton greatly. Everyone else was terrified. 
The Ruells were one of the most powerful families in Jipsburg. They’d never encountered crises like what happened the past two days. 
In the beginning, they thought it was just an accident. However, when accidents happened one after another, it was unlikely that it was a coincidence. 
Buck walked in. Denton asked immediately, “How’s Hector doing? Did the operation go well?” 
He nodded and answered, “It succeeded. However, he’s still unconscious. The doctor said his right hand won’t be as flexible as it used to be.” 
“Dad, I heard someone from the Doherty family say that there’s a negative item at home. That antique caused a slew of accidents for our family. 
“In the past, I thought that the explanation for that car accident was nothing 
more than a conspiracy theory. Such bullshit. However, I’m inclined to believe that there is indeed a negative item. In the past few days, it’s been nothing but car accidents and fires. Dad even got a stroke. He used to be so healthy. 
“Today, Hector has become the latest victim. A kid committing suicide fell on top of him. He could’ve died,” said Pamela Hale, Hector’s mom. 
They knew Denton was extremely stubborn. He found fault in everything his children said. In the past, people had suggested that it was a more complicated issue and not just an accident. In the end, Denton talked them down mercilessly. He threatened that such words better not appear before him again. 
In the end, her child nearly lost his life in a few days! Perhaps the rest of them would suffer the same fate in due time. 
Vera was the only one present from her family. Her parents were in a ward. They couldn’t make the trip. Upon hearing what her uncles and aunts said, she wrung her hands. 
Negative items… 
After Hector suffered, she asked someone from the Doherty family for advice. She knew one of Frank’s granddaughters. 
She learned about what happened. Once she heard that the dress was a negative item, she began believing that there might really be a negative item in their family. Whether it was one of the antiques she purchased remained to be 
seen. 
They’d better not… 
Denton furrowed his brows. However, he’d relaxed slightly. He must’ve 
internalized what Pamela told him. His sons and daughters said so too. The number of accidents that had occurred influenced his decision too. 
After a brief moment of thought. He took a deep breath and said, “Get a master of divination to look over the house.” 
He couldn’t embarrass himself so Alexander could laugh at him about it. 
###chapter845
There were countless masters of divination scattered across Jipsburg. Denton didn’t need Alexander for the job. 
Even if there was a negative item, some of the state’s more famous masters could resolve the matter. 
Vera was afraid Denton wouldn’t take Pamela’s advice and hold on to his beliefs. In that case, she would try to soften him. Then, she’d invite Alexander over. 
She wasn’t expecting Denton to ask for a master for them right away. She sighed in relief. 
It would be the same thing no matter who settled it. There was no need to ask for Alexander’s help. Doing so would get Skylar’s attention too. 
For the Ruell family, finding them a master wasn’t a difficult task. Within an hour, they found the man for the job. 
He went to Denton’s house and looked through it. Then, he headed to one of the residences of the other Ruells. It took the whole day. In the end, he found nothing. 
“I apologize for my incapability. All of your residences are in great places. I found no issues. The interior decorating was excellent. As to what happened recently, it might just be a coincidence. However, I’m not sure,” he said before leaving. 
They told Denton what he’d said. He was silent for a long time. 
Upon hearing the news, Vera paled. She asked, “Grandpa, should we ask Mr. Gardner Senior about it?” 
Denton looked horrible. It was clear he was down in the dumps. If this had happened before today, he would’ve given up. But now… 
He was silent as he hesitated. 
Alexander was highly revered in Jipsburg. Thus, when the Ruells began asking for help, he’d heard about what was going on. He’d been told the master’s verdict as well. 
Before getting off work, he called Skylar over. 
“After so many things, the Ruells still haven’t made sense of the situation. In 
the past, I didn’t think Mr. Ruell Senior was a stubborn man insistent on traditional ideals. Now, it’s clear! He won’t be giving up till the last minute,” complained Alexander with a frown. 
Skylar said, “They’ll be befallen with more accidents.” 
Alexander furrowed his brows and remarked, “It looks like they won’t be getting past this crisis easily.” 
No one in Jipsburg would dare to argue against his word. He remained insistent on his moral principles, and this made him respected wherever he was. Yet, Denton thought he’d been fibbing. 
“It’s almost time to get off work. You can leave first,” Alexander told Skylar. 
She agreed and left his office. 
Ten minutes later, she was about to leave when Alexander called. 
“Skye, Mr. Ruell Senior called. He finally believes that there’s a negative item in the Ruell family. He wants us to take a spin at his place now. Do you hav 
Skylar wasn’t expecting Denton to come to his senses so quickly. She thought they would struggle for a little longer by asking more masters to look through 
their house. 
“Mr. Gardner Senior, I have two conditions for the Ruells if they would like my help. One, they’ve got to pay us 20 million for it. Two, Vera will apologize to me in person. If they agree to these conditions, they’ll do as I order. After that, I’ll head over whenever it’s convenient for them.” 
After hearing Skylar’s words, Alexander was silent for a moment. Then, he asked hesitantly, “Did Vera do anything to you? Don’t worry, I’ll talk to them about it.” 
After hanging up, Alexander said with a frown, “Skylar wouldn’t demand an apology for no reason. Vera must’ve pissed her off.” 
When Denton came back after Alexander’s call, he looked extremely displeased. 
He glared at Vera and said, “Didn’t you say that Skylar was a flirt who tried to seduce Joe, Aiken, and Rowan? She also tried to seduce Mr. Gardner Senior, right?” 
###chapter846
Vera stiffened. Her face fell. She couldn’t come up with a response to his interrogation. After opening her mouth, she closed it again. 
Then, she shot back, “Isn’t that the truth? saw it with my own eyes. If she wasn’t a prostitute, why would she have such uncertain relationships with multiple men?” 
Denton roared furiously, “Of course not! She works in Mr. Gardner Senior’s 
team. She’s the one doing the appraisal of negative items, not him! Those men behaved in that way because they needed her help. You didn’t even get the most basic information about Skylar right! You declared she was a prostitute just like that. You’re making enemies for us!” 
“How could that be possible…” Vera trailed off. She couldn’t believe it. Then, she continued, “Working in Mr. Gardner Senior’s team might not mean she’ position.” 
Pamela interjected with a frown, “Everyone knows what kind of man Mr. Gardner Senior is. No one who wasn’t actually capable wouldn’t have gotten into his team. In addition, he wouldn’t do anything that hurt his reputation.” 
Denton must’ve had the same thought. He said firmly, “Do you know that the antiques you bought at the auction are both negative items?” 
“What?” Pamela stood up. 
Vera balled her fists and said, “I don’t think the antiques from the auction are problematic. Grandpa, it was my mistake I didn’t do due diligence on Skylar. I hope I won’t bring trouble to our family.” 
If Skylar wasn’t someone who’d bend for money and needed a man to live, had she underestimated Skylar? 
Now that she reflected on what happened, Aiken and Rowan had always treated Skylar with nothing with respect. She definitely wasn’t a plaything to them. She’d been interpreting Skylar’s actions through a personal prejudice. 
Suddenly, she thought of Joe. If Skylar wasn’t the woman Vera thought she was, Joe’s feelings for Skylar… 
Vera pursed her lips. She didn’t dare to proceed down this train of thought. 
“Skylar laid out two conditions. The first was to pay her 20 million for her services. The second was for you to apologize to her in person. Both of them ha 
Vera’s features twisted with shock. She exclaimed, “What? 20 million and an apology? Is Skylar out of her mind?” 
Not only was 20 million an impossibly high price, Skylar was also asking for an apology from Vera. How dare she do so? She even demanded Vera do so in person. Who did Skylar think she was? 
Vera was a member of the Ruell family. Who didn’t revere her? Skylar must’ve bet her lucky stars to get the chance to suck up to the Ruells. Yet, she asked for 20 million dollars and an apology! 
“Twenty million is a high price. However, it’s nothing to us. However, when did 
you offend Skylar, Vera?” asked Lawrence Ruell, Hector’s father. 
Although they were a formidable family in Jipsburg, they didn’t make a habit of showing off their wealth. They seldom offended others. 
Vera sucked in a deep breath and explained, “I can’t explain what happened between us. I can fork out 20 million, but I will not apologize.” 
“The second she apologizes, we’ll be at a disadvantage,” commented Denton. 
Although he’d never met Skylar before, he was highly skeptical of her conditions. She was only a young woman. Was she able to deal with those negative items? 
He’d been fuming just now. In the face of his favorite granddaughter, his rage subsided. He managed to calm down. 
Vera said sadly, “Grandpa, I’ll talk to Joe later to see what he thinks of the situation.” 
###chapter847
The others beside her said nothing. However, they weren’t pleased either. After all, she was Denton’s favorite granddaughter. They couldn’t comment on her. 
They had no idea how capable Skylar was, either. Their problem had stumped many famous divination masters, so they could only test their luck. However, Alexander was a promise for his team’s quality. It was unlikely that he’d cause any problems. 
“Fine. Contact him. He’d told me about the negative items and I didn’t believe him. We’ll see his response to this call,” sighed Denton. His regret grew by the minute. 
Vera nodded and replied, “Alright. Don’t worry, Grandpa.” 
Then, Vera left to make the call. Denton told Alexander that they agreed to pay 20 million. However, Vera wouldn’t be apologizing to Skylar for the time being. 
Upon hearing this, Alexander insisted, “The deal is off if you don’t fulfill both conditions. Why don’t you reconsider?” 
Denton hadn’t expected Alexander to take up such an immovable stance. 
After hanging up, Denton frowned. 
After Vera left Denton’s room, she returned to her own, got into bed, and called 
Joe. 
It was almost time to get off work, so he shouldn’t have been busy. 
After a few beeps, Joe picked up. He asked, “What’s up?” 
Vera’s heart clenched upon hearing his cold tone. She bit her lip and said, “Joe, did you tell my Grandpa that I had negative items in my collection when you visited him?” 
“Yeah,” answered Joe. He spoke in a monotone. 
Vera inhaled deeply. She felt like Joe was drifting away from her. She continued, “Many things have been happening to my family. In the beginning, Grandpa didn’t believe that
a negative item had caused this. However, Hector came down with an accident today. Thus we believe that it might be the negative items causing a fuss. Joe, do you know how to get rid of negative items?” 
What she said must’ve intrigued Joe, for his sentences grew longer. He replied, “I do, but have you figured out what you’ll need to sacrifice?” 
Sacrifice? 
Vera froze. 
Did this mean that Joe wanted to sleep with her? Were they going to take the last step? 
Initially, she wanted to get closer to Joe. They would only sleep together when he fell for her. 
She wasn’t expecting this to happen to the Ruells. All of this would’ve been avoided if she hadn’t bought those antiques at the auction. 
However, everything had happened. She couldn’t continue playing the waiting game. If she didn’t sleep with him, she would only push Joe further away from her. 
Vera inhaled deeply and said, “I’ve made my decision.” 
Joe hummed. Then, he said, “Skylar is the only person who can help you with this. She listed two conditions. The first being a fee of 20 million and the second being an apology.” 
“What?” Vera asked incredulously. 
She realized that she had displayed a startling lack of composure. However, this wasn’t what she had been expecting. Vera found it difficult to accept. 
###chapter848
In addition, Joe said the same thing as Alexander had. It meant that they both revered Skylar highly. Even though Skylar’s demands were ludicrous, they still informed her about it as told. 
What hurt Vera the most was that Joe seemed to have no idea how his words had struck her down. 
“Think of what I’ve said,” Joe said.. 
Tears welled up in Vera’s eyes. She sobbed lowly, “I can pay her 20 million dollars. After all, that’s nothing to us. However, I don’t know what I’ve done that warrants an apology to her. Joe, I’m feeling helpless and unhappy right now.” 
“Have you met Skylar privately?” 
Vera paused. Joe’s tone seemed to have turned even colder. She wasn’t sure 
whether she had imagined it. 
“We have run into each other. However, we didn’t talk about much,” Vera answered calmly. 
Was he going to make her suffer for bullying Skylar? Did he care about her that much? 
How about Vera? Had he considered how she would think and whether this interrogation would hurt her feelings? 
Joe continued, “It’s your choice between an apology and the Ruells.” 
He hung up. 
Vera stiffened. Her fingers tightened around her phone. Joe had hung up? How audacious of him! What did this mean? Did he really want her to apologize to and give in to Skylar? 
Vera had never put herself in such a lowly and humble position before. She would never apologize to Skylar! 
After work, Skylar returned to Galaxy Villa and headed into the kitchen straight away. She’d been craving for handmade pasta on her way home. 
rolled and cut the dough in the kitchen. Half an hour later, she heard 
noises from the living room. 
Skylar popped a head out. Her eyes met Joe’s. She asked, “I’m making pasta. Do you eat beef?” 
Joe noticed the flour smeared on Skylar’s nose and face. He grinned and agreed. 
Skylar returned to the kitchen. Joe changed and headed into the kitchen after her. 
She was already boiling the pasta. The aroma of beef filled the kitchen. It was extremely enticing. 
Joe had never been a gluttonous man. He wouldn’t eat if he wasn’t hungry. Even if he was hungry, he could go without food anyway. 
However, in the months of cohabitating with Skylar, he found that eating was an enjoyment. 
Joe looked down at Skylar and wiped her cheeks. 
Skylar asked in bewilderment, “What are you doing?” 
“You had some flour on your face,” explained Joe as his fingers rubbed her face gently. 
Skylar gazed into his warm eyes. She froze. Then, she took a step backward hurriedly. She said, “Thanks, I can wipe it off myself.” 
Joe’s hands were left hanging midair. He hadn’t retracted them when Skylar backed away. There was flour clinging to his fingers. 
He could tell that Skylar was keeping her distance from him. The amusement glinting in his eyes dissipated entirely. 
###chapter849
“I’ll check whether the pasta’s cooked.” Skylar avoided Joe’s eyes. 
He stared at her for a second before asking lowly, “Did the Ruells seek you out?” 
The sparks flying between them subsided. She answered, “The Ruells went to Mr. Gardner Senior. Then, he told them my conditions. If.. you would like to convince me otherwise, I don’t see the point of doing so. I will not alter my conditions.” 
“What did you think I wanted to talk to you about?” Joe raised an eyebrow. 
Skylar wasn’t expecting him to ask that. She looked up at him and tried, “You don’t want Vera to apologize to me, do you?” 
“When have I ever said that?” asked Joe with a frown. 
He suddenly felt like things were unclear between him and Skylar. They hadn’t talked it out. 
Just as Skylar was about to reply, her phone rang. She picked up. 
“Hello.” 
“Skylar, it’s Vera here. I asked Mr. Gardner Senior for your number just now. He said you had two conditions. The first is that we’ve got to pay 20 million and the second is that I need to apologize to you, right?” 
Skylar eyed Joe. Then, she hummed in acknowledgment. 
Vera continued, “The first one is simple. Send me your account number and I’ll transfer the money right 
now. 
“But I can’t do the second one. We’ve got to keep the peace. Some things should be left in the past where they belong. What happened between us was a misunderstanding.” 
“I remember I said you’d be begging for my help. I won’t help if one of my conditions goes unfulfilled,” Skylar emphasized coldly. 
Vera was enraged. She asked, “Has Joe seen this ruthless side of you?” 
Skylar looked down and said, “He’s right beside me.” 
Vera went silent. 
Joe was expressionless. Skylar couldn’t get a read on him. 
“Skylar, you might do business with the Ruells in the future. You might even need our help. I can promise you that we’ll help you whenever you need it,” Vera took a deep breath and negotiated calmly. 
“Ms. Ruell, call me when you’ve made up your mind. I’ll be having dinner now, Goodbye.” 
She didn’t want to continue arguing with Vera. After hanging up, Joe glanced at her. Then, he picked a fork up. 
Skylar was surprised. It looked like he wasn’t angry. 
No matter what Vera said in that conversation, she’d been forceful and unyielding. However, it was as though Joe had heard nothing. 
She had no idea what Joe was thinking. 
How important was Vera to him? 
Vera was furious. 
“Skylar, who gave you the right to be so arrogant?” 
Pamela walked in. 
“Denton asked me to check on whether you’ve settled negotiations with Skylar. All of us are feeling nervous about it. Denton isn’t doing well. The doctors are giving him a check–up.” 
Vera reassured Pamela, “I’ll talk to her about it.” 
“Vera, I watched you grow up. I know you’ve always been an arrogant person. You would never give in to anyone else if you could help it. However, this is different. Many things have happened to our family, and we don’t know what’s next. 
“Giving in would be worth it if Skylar could help, right? My brother knows Mr. Querbach. He has sung 
Skylar’s praises extensively. He trusts her entirely. If Mr. Gardner Senior and Mr. Querbach trust her, why would we doubt her?” 
“The two antiques you bought at the auction might be negative items. In that case, you were the bringer of misfortune. Vera, you have to fix it.” 
Pamela’s expression had turned grim at the end of her little speech. 
Véra had sent their family into a state of panic. She was spoiled rotten! 
###chapter850
Skylar never thought Pamela, who she held in the highest regard, would speak to her in such a stern 
manner. 
This wasn’t a discussion. Pamela was forcing her into this. 
Vera felt as though her arrogance had shattered at that moment. When she thought of Skylar and Joe, she felt extremely helpless. 
For some reason, she recalled Joe’s introduction of Skylar in the hospital lift. He called Skylar his wife. 
Wife… 
Were they married? 
“Do you hear me? When Pamela caught Vera daydreaming, she screamed at her angrily. She seemed not to care about what Pamela was saying. 
Vera woke from her stupor and promised, “I understand the severity of the situation. I know what to do. I won’t let misfortune continue eating into our family.” 
Her guarantee satisfied Pamela. She said, “Alright.” 
Half an hour after dinner, Skylar’s phone rang yet again. Vera called her. 
She had been taking a stroll with Joe. The sky was darkening, and a light breeze caressed them. 
Skylar picked up and asked, “Have you made your decision, Ms. Ruell?” 
Vera sounded very calm. She said, “My attitude toward you was unacceptable. I apologize. I’m begging you to help us out of this crisis.” 
Although she hadn’t said much, it was evident Vera was giving in to her. 
Skylar wasn’t an unforgiving person. She agreed and said, “I’ll send you my account details.” 
“Alright.” 
After hanging up, Skylar turned to look at Joe, who’d been staring at her. She said, “They agreed to my conditions. I’m heading to the Grimwood Residence now. You…” 
Before Skylar finished, Joe said, “I’ll go with you.” 
Skylar opened her mouth to say something. However, she realized she wasn’t the one who needed to worry about their relationship getting discovered. That person was Joe. Thus, she said nothing. 
Vera transferred 20 million to Skylar. Her expression turned colder when the transaction went through successfully. 
“I’ve never suffered such humiliation. Skylar, you’d better be able to help us out of our crisis. If not, I’ll make sure you regret pissing me off!“, 
Vera bit her lip. 
Initially, she was merely disgusted by Skylar. Now, it had turned into full–on loathing. 
Then, she asked her doctor whether she could leave the hospital for a few hours. He gave her the green light. She immediately changed and headed to Grimwood Residence. 
Skylar and Joe arrived at Grimwood Residence shortly after. Denton and his daughter, Patricia Ruell, were waiting for them. 
Patricia was surprised to see that Joe had arrived with Skylar. As she led them in, she scanned them covertly. 
All of the Ruells had a similar expectation for Vera and Joe to get together. They would be engaged soon. Yet, Skylar had turned up with Joe. 
Before today, they had no idea who Skylar was. What they’d heard about Skylar indicated that she was capable and highly esteemed. 
Now that they saw her in the flesh, she was young and gorgeous, perhaps even more so than Vera. 
However, Vera was flashier. Although Skylar was young, she was discreet and humble. 
###chapter851
Subtly, this reinforced the Ruell family’s belief that Joe and Vera would eventually marry. 
Joe would occasionally glance at Skylar with the intensity of a man looking at the woman he loved, his eyes filled with focus and concern. 
Patricia felt a warning bell go off in her head. They had assumed the arranged marriage between the Ruell and Martin families would go off without a hitch, but it seemed like an unexpected rival had appeared out 
of nowhere. 
After Skylar entered Grimwood Residence, Patricia began giving her a tour, floor by floor. 
The Grimwood Residence was about the same size as Gloria’s Pearlhall Residence. It took time to walk through each level. 
When they reached the third floor, where Denton stored his private collection, Skylar’s expression grew more serious. 
The first thing she noticed was the painting Vera had fought Alexander for at the auction. “There’s something wrong with this painting. Take it down and give it to me later.” 
“Alright.” Patricia first took a photo of the painting and then instructed a maid to take it down. 
Next, she sent a photo of it to the family group chat. 
Skylar looked around carefully again. 
There was nothing else unusual. 
“Other than that, there are no other negative items,” Skylar said. 
Upon hearing her words, Patricia let out a sigh of relief. “That’s good. That’s good to know.” 
“Ask Vera about the antique she won at the auction a while back. Where is it being kept?” Skylar continued. 
Patricia nodded and immediately tagged Vera in the family group chat, relaying Skylar’s question word for word. 
After sending the message, Patricia noticed the family group chat was already in chaos. 
It turned out the painting was a gift from Vera to Denton, and everyone was now blaming her for it. 
Joe had been standing silently to the side. He watched Skylar calmly handle the situation. His eyes softened with admiration. 
Skylar then pulled out a wrapped talisman from her bag. She handed it to Patricia and said, “Keep this with you. Later, take it to the hospital and give it to Mr. Ruell Senior. He should keep it with him. After two months, this talisman will lose its effect.” 
Patricia carefully put away the seal she received and said, “I just asked Vera about the other antique. She said it was likely destroyed in the fire.” 
Skylar frowned slightly. “It should still be here. Otherwise, your family wouldn’t be having so many incidents back–to–back. Take me to their house so I can check for myself.” 
Since she had taken their money, she was determined to handle the Ruell family’s problems thoroughly. 
Patricia had no ions. The safety of the entire Ruell family was at stake, and they needed to be cautious. 
However, as she glanced at the talisman in her hand, a doubt crept into her mind. She wondered if Skylar was truly as powerful as everyone claimed. 
Skylar turned to Joe. “Going to the Ruell Residence might take a while, and it’s getting late. Do you want to head home first?” 
They might end up working until midnight. 
Joe replied immediately, “No need. I’ll go with you.” 
Skylar nodded, saying no more: 
Patricia took in the scene and then sent a private message to Vera as they made their way to the Ruell Residence. 
“Do you know about the relationship between Joe and Skylar? There’s definitely something unusual going on between them. 
“You’ve been away for a few years, and it seems Joe doesn’t want to wait for you anymore. Skylar might end up being the biggest obstacle in you marrying him.” 
Vera’s reply was swift. “Skylar won’t be an obstacle for me.” 
It was a simple statement, but it spoke volumes about Vera’s pride and ambition, 
Patricia smiled. The women of the Ruell family never gave up easily. Besides, there wasn’t another man like Joe in all of Jipsburg City. 
They soon arrived at the Ruell Residence. 
The entire villa was in shambles from the fire. There were still workers cleaning up the mess in the villa under the supervision of the maids. 
Patricia asked Vera where the items were stored, and then instructed a maid to lead them to Vera’s room.
###chapter852
Vera’s room had been the most severely damaged by the fire. The once-elegant furnishings were now nothing more than scorched, blackened skeletons of their former selves. While the villa’s first floor had already been cleared of debris, the second floor remained a haunting gallery of charred remains, waiting to be attended to.
Deep within a disheveled, soot-covered wardrobe, they discovered a pile of severely burned clothing. Nestled among the silk and lace was the antique. Patricia gasped when she saw it; while the clothes were reduced to carbon, the antique remained eerily intact, its colors as vibrant as the day it was made.
“This thing really is cursed, isn't it?” Patricia whispered, her voice trembling. If she had any lingering doubts about the painting being a "negative item" before, the scene now was undeniable.
“Hand everything over to me,” Skylar instructed, her voice calm and authoritative.
Patricia nodded quickly, surrendering the items without hesitation. There’s no use in keeping such a malevolent thing anyway, she thought.
Skylar glanced around the ruined villa, her eyes lingering on the blackened corners. “Even after the repairs are finished, Vera’s family shouldn't live here. They need to sell it.”
Patricia was stunned. “But if the negative items are dealt with, why can't they stay? What about the Grimwood Residence? Is that safe?”
“The Grimwood Residence is fine,” Skylar said solemnly. “But the energy here has been permanently warped. If Vera’s family continues to live on this ground, the fire will eventually return. Some cycles cannot be broken just by removing an object.”
Patricia sighed in a mix of fear and relief. “Okay, I’ll let them know.”
Under Patricia’s watchful, wide-eyed gaze, Skylar began the purification. She prepared a series of specialized talismans and laid them across the artifacts. To Patricia’s utter astonishment, the antique—which had survived a literal house fire without a scratch—instantly crumbled into fine white ash the moment Skylar’s talismans ignited.
Seeing this with her own eyes, Patricia’s skepticism vanished entirely. It was no wonder people like Alexander spoke of Skylar with such reverence. She didn't just have "luck"; she had true, formidable ability.

In the family group chat, Vera was fuming as she read Patricia’s glowing praise for Skylar. Meanwhile, Denton and the others in the family felt a massive weight lift from their shoulders. The relief was almost physical.
“Vera, our family has paid a terrible price for your choices this time,” Patricia messaged the group. “Your parents, Aunt Hayden, Uncle Marlon, Hector, and even your grandfather have all been affected. We are incredibly fortunate that no lives were lost. Skylar told me that if we had waited even one more month to find her, our family would have been doomed. Thinking back on it now... it’s truly chilling.”
Vera’s expression was dark and grim as she read the words, biting her lip so hard it nearly bled. She hated to admit it, but Skylar really did have the skills to back up her reputation.

The following day at work, Skylar updated Alexander on the final resolution with the Ruell family. Alexander listened with a relieved smile. “That’s excellent news, Skylar. Well done.”
After her meeting, Skylar headed back to her desk, only to be intercepted by a buzzing Caleb.
“Skylar, you’re my absolute idol!” Caleb whispered with a mysterious, excited air. “You’ve worked a miracle. Even Hector—who was so proud he barely spoke to me when we were classmates—actually reached out to apologize today. It feels amazing! He actually admitted he was wrong.”
Skylar smiled at his enthusiasm. “How is his recovery going?”
“He’ll likely lose some sensitivity in his right hand,” Caleb replied, his tone turning more serious. “He mentioned he’ll need to endure a tough recovery period and likely head abroad for specialized treatment. But since he’s not a concert pianist or a violinist, the impact on his daily life should be minimal.”
Caleb shrugged, noting that Hector seemed remarkably rational about the situation. Once the source of the curse was gone, the focus had shifted entirely to the future and taking action.

###chapter853
 
Skylar nodded. "Being able to think like that means Hector's moved on."
"It was nothing much. What man hasn't had a few injuries? If you haven't broken a bone twice, you're not a real man. Compared to me, his injuries are minor," Caleb said with a slight lift of his chin, boasting a bit.
He wasn't happy seeing Skylar complimenting someone else. He had made a lot of progress recently too.
Skylar could see Caleb's thoughts and managed a smile.
She said, "You're right. You're the bravest young man I've ever met, and you're also very eager to learn. When you need to be steady, you can definitely hold your ground." "That's right!"
From that moment on, Caleb worked energetically for the rest of the day as if he had been given a boost of adrenaline. His proactive attitude astonished many of his colleagues.
Later, Alexander discreetly asked Skylar during a break, "Did something go wrong with him today?"
Caleb had always found ways to slack off, but today, he was unusually diligent and eager-unlike his usual
self.
Skylar laughed. "Maybe he's just grown up."
Alexander nodded thoughtfully.
When a man said he was grown up, he could change overnight. His attitude toward things could shift dramatically.
Alexander felt a pang of sadness as he thought about how Caleb had finally matured.
Half an hour before the end of the workday, Gloria called Skylar. She asked her to come to the Pearlhall
Residence after work.
Concerned about Gloria's health, Skylar went straight to the Pearlhall Residence after finishing work.
When she arrived, she saw Joe was also there.
He had probably just arrived. He was still standing with a glass of water in his hand, taking a sip. When he saw her enter, he looked over at her. Their eyes met for a brief moment.
Skylar went over to Gloria and took a seat beside her.
"Skye, take a look at these wedding dresses and see if there's anything you like," Gloria said, handing Skylar a stack of photos.
The photos were of various wedding dresses. Each wedding dress looked beautifully designed. No. woman could resist the allure of a wedding dress.
Skylar had once fantasized about what she would look like wearing one herself.
"Wedding dresses?" Skylar was a bit puzzled. She wondered why Gloria was showing her these wedding dresses.
Seeing Skylar's confused
expression, Gloria chuckled and
said, "You and Joe have been married for a while, but you never had a proper wedding. None of your friends or family even know you're married. 
S
"I was thinking of arranging a wedding for you two. Maybe I could discuss the details with your mother in the next few days if she's available."
"A wedding!" Skylar was taken aback. Why a wedding now?
She and Joe were planning to get divorced, so a wedding was out of the question. They had even signed a contract back then to keep their marriage a secret.
Joe saw the surprise on Skylar's
face and frowned slightly. He said, "Even if we start planning now, it'll take at least a year to set a date. It's the perfect time to start picking out a wedding dress." 
"Alright, I'll take a look at the wedding dresses," Skylar replied. She noticed Joe's frown and realized Gloria probably didn't know about Joe's desire to divorce her.
So, Gloria was happily planning their wedding, unaware of the truth.
Not wanting to disappoint her, Skylar carefully examined the wedding dresses.
Gloria smiled warmly and said, "Pick out a few, and I'll have them sent to the Galaxy Villa. You can try them
да
I.ne
one by one. If none of them feel
right, we can bring in a designer from abroad. These wedding dresses are one-of-a-kind pieces from various designers. 
"Since they've been sent to me, no one else had worn them. For your wedding, the wedding dress must be truly unique.
Skylar felt a sting in her nose. Gloria was so good to her. She suddenly felt guilty about continuing to deceive her.
###chapter854
 
Skylar picked out six wedding dresses and asked Gloria to help her decide which one looked best.
Watching them discuss the wedding dresses, Joe spoke softly, "Why not have them send all of them over so you can try each one on?"
Gloria gave Joe an approving look. "Joe's right. Have them send all the wedding dresses over, and you can try them on."
Skylar glanced at Joe.
When he suggested that Skylar try on all the wedding dresses, he didn't seem insincere at all.
Sometimes, his attitude left her confused, making it hard to figure out what he really thought.
She knew Joe was willing to sacrifice his marriage and marry a woman he didn't love just to make Gloria happy. So, it wasn't surprising that he would hide his true feelings perfectly in front of Gloria.
After having dinner with Gloria at Pearlhall Residence, Skylar and Joe headed back to Galaxy Villa. They arrived separately but close behind one another.
At the door, Joe paused and waited for her to catch up. As soon as Joe opened the door and stepped inside, he suddenly received a phone call. "Where? Wait there."
He responded briefly to the other person and then looked at Skylar. "Something happened with Jeremy. I need to go there. Could you... come with me? They've already called Natalie over, and if you come, it might make things less awkward."
Hearing that Natalie would be there, Skylar nodded. "Alright."
About 30 minutes later, they arrived at a club. The drive was smooth, with no traffic.
Skylar had been to this club before with Joe.
When they went upstairs, they found that Natalie was already there.
There were a few other people in the room as well. Rowan was present, along with Ethan and a few other
unfamiliar faces.
Natalie hadn't noticed that Skylar and Joe had arrived. Her attention was entirely on Jeremy.
"Jeremy, I'm here. Let me take you home," Natalie said. Her voice was friendly as she tried to spare Jeremy any embarrassment in front of others.
Having known Jeremy for many
years, Natalie had never seen him drink so much, and he seemed quite disoriented now. When she arrived, she noticed broken bottles scattered on the floor. 
The scene was quite alarming.
Jeremy's friends looked shaken. They were clearly unaccustomed to seeing him so out of control.
Jeremy looked at her with
half-closed eyes, his gaze slightly reddened and tinged with the haze of alcohol. "Home? You want me to go home with you?" 
He was twisting the meaning.
Natalie bit her lip, unsure of how to respond. The home he referred to was no longer hers.
"Natalie, right now Jeremy only
listens to you. Please talk to him and
have him come home with you
soon. We're all pretty shaken up"
Ethan said. He could tell that Jeremy was drinking to drown his sorrows
today. Content belon Jemy
to
S
Even though Jeremy and Natalie were divorced, he still couldn't let go of her and was desperately hoping for a reconciliation.
Natalie clenched her fits, unsure of what to say.
Seeing Natalie's silence, Jeremy's gaze grew darker.
###chapter855
 
Skylar called out softly, "Nath."
Natalie's eyes lit up, and she suddenly turned to look at Skylar. "Skye, what are you doing here?"
Seeing Joe behind Skylar, Natalie realized that Skylar had come with him.
She was relieved Skylar had arrived. Earlier, she had felt a moment of breathlessness, unsure of how to face Jeremy and his friends.
"She came with me," Joe replied.
This answer also served as a response to the other people in the room.
Rowan watched the situation unfold, finding himself at a loss for words. It was truly perplexing. He couldn't help but wonder why Jeremy acted this way if he knew it would come to this.
Now, he acted as if he couldn't live without Natalie-this kind of maneuvering to achieve his goals while drunk was something he would never have done before.
As an observer, Rowan clearly saw that Natalie had no intention of remarrying Jeremy.
Natalie sighed in relief and said to Joe, "Could you please take Jeremy home? I still have work to do."
Jeremy's drunken haze seemed to clear a little at the mention of Natalie's request. His gaze turned sharp
as he looked at her.
Natalie faced away from Jeremy and didn't notice the change in his demeanor. She turned her attention. back to Skylar. "Skye, could you give me a ride?" "Sure," Skylar replied.
As they were leaving, Natalie avoided looking back. She was afraid to meet Jeremy's gaze. She instinctively felt that Jeremy wasn't drunk to the point of losing his senses.
After knowing each other for so many years, no matter how much people tried to get Jeremy drunk, he would always maintain a level of awareness. He would never lose control completely, despite how drunk. he appeared.
Natalie had rushed over after receiving Ethan's call without fully thinking things through. It wasn't until now that she had calmed down.
Seeing Natalie's pale face, Skylar was concerned. Once outside the club, she asked, "Do you want to go to the apartment or the set?"
Austin often had night shoots to film, and Natalie would stay up late with him.
Natalie's eyes were red-rimmed. "I can't drive right now. Could you drive for me?" "Let's go," Skylar said, taking Natalie's car keys.
As the car drove down the road, Natalie finally spoke up, her eyes still red-rimmed. "I don't know what Jeremy is thinking. When I saw him with Helena at the mall, I thought he had moved on from the past. But that day, he actually came to find me, saying he wanted to remarry." 
Skylar frowned. She glanced at Natalie while waiting for a red light. "What's he trying to do?"
Skylar couldn't help but think that Jeremy was simply clinging to a new love while refusing to let go of the old one.
Natalie shook her head with a bitter smile. "I really don't know what he wants."
"Take me to the set. Mr. Powell is still filming just called Hank and told him had to leave. I feel like I'm being irresponsible with work. No matter what Jeremy is up to, we're divorced now. We both need to move forward," Natalie said. 
Skylar immediately drove to the set, as Natalie requested.
"It's actually quite a coincidence. Helena is supposed to make a cameo tonight. But when I left, she hadn't arrived yet. She's probably there now," Natalie added.
She found it even more puzzling
that, since Jeremy was in a
relationship with Helena, he hadn't had anyone call Helena over despite his drunken state. It felt like she was starting to understand Jeremy less and less since their divorce. 
"Helena is at the set too? After she saw you last time, she should be aware of your past with Jermey. Be careful," Skylar warned with concern.
Natalie smiled reassuringly. "I know Helena well. She's just started to rise in popularity, and everyone says she's very professional and easygoing.
"She's not the type to be a diva. Even if she knows about my past with Jeremy, it doesn't matter. We're divorced now, and she doesn't need to concern herself with that."
###chapter856
 
Upon hearing Natalie's words, Skylar felt reassured. Besides, with Natalie's personality, she would never be easily bullied. Moreover, as Natalie's role was as Austin's assistant, she had no direct interactions with Helena.
Skylar soon arrived at the set with Natalie. After parking the car, Skylar quickly hailed a cab and left.
When Natalie returned, Hank was a bit surprised. "Back so soon? I thought you wouldn't be coming back today."
"I've sorted everything out, so I came back to work. You can get back to your tasks, Hank," Natalie replied with a bright smile.
Hank nodded and said, "Alright, I'll head back to the studio."
Hank had recently made a plan regarding some of Austin's work arrangements. He also had some publicity to handle, and many things required proper coordination with others. It kept him so busy that he could hardly tell day from night.
Fortunately, Natalie managed to handle many of her responsibilities so he could leave her side for now.
Natalie nodded. She glanced over at Austin, who was still filming. The scene required several actors, including Helena.
Her role seemed to be that of Austin's ex-girlfriend, appearing only in this one scene.
Although Helena had only recently gained fame, her years of playing minor roles and supporting roles had made her performance in front of Austin look effortless. Her acting appeared particularly natural and
comfortable.
Natalie thought Helena had the potential to go further in her acting career, perhaps even becoming an award-winning actress in the future. The shoot went smoothly.
The scene was only retaken twice. Helena followed the director's instructions to perform in two different states, and Austin made subtle adjustments based on Helena's changes.
The interaction between their performance was captivating and increasingly enjoyable to watch.
After the scene wrapped up, Austin approached Natalie. He took a moment to study her with a calm demeanor. "Is everything resolved?"
Natalie's eyes flickered briefly as she handed him a water bottle. She said with a smile, "Yes, it's all sorted. Here's some water for you, Mr. Powell."
Her issues with Jeremy seemed to be an inextricable mess. Natalie felt it was best to let go of anything.. related to him in the future. If necessary, her parents could handle any further complications. 
Austin took the water bottle and took a sip.
He then sat down beside Natalie and said, "Have you decided to come to work with me in Fachington for
three months?"
"Yes. I visited Fachington a few years ago, and it's been a long time since then. It will be good to visit it again," Natalie replied.
At this stage in her life, other minor concerns had become irrelevant. Her focus was on work.
Going to Fachington would offer her a chance to clear her mind, and facing new experiences might help
her resolve some of the issues she had been struggling with.
Austin smiled and nodded. “Great. I'll
make sure to show you around.
k
have a mansion there, and the grapes should be ripe this season. We can make some red wine together." 
Natalie's eyes lit up. "Really?"
"Yes." Austin's smile widened.
“That's great, Mr. Powell. I'm so lucky to be your assistant.” Natalie Immediately began to flatter him.
At that moment, Helena approached and greeted Austin. She said, "Hello, Mr. Powell."
Austin's smile faded as he looked at Helena. His eyes held only a faint smile with a stark sense of detachment. "Hello."
Helena was momentarily taken
aback. She had just observed Austin and Natalie's interaction. They were chatting and laughing, and Austin's gaze toward Natalie was very warm, with a smile in his eyes. 
However, when he looked at her, although he appeared to be smiling, the smile didn't reach his eyes. It carried a sense of distance.
When Austin spoke with Hank in Natalie's absence earlier, he had also lacked his usual warmth.
###chapter857
 
Helena could tell that Austin treated Natalie differently.
"I'd like to have a word with Ms. Jakeman," Helena said with a smile.
Puzzled, Natalie raised an eyebrow. What could Helena say to her?
Austin's eyes darkened as he looked at Natalie. "Do you know Ms. Hart?"
"We ran into each other at a mall a few days ago," Natalie answered honestly.
Austin nodded. "Go ahead."
Helena noticed how much Austin cared about Natalie. Although she had previously been a bit concerned, she suddenly felt no need to worry.
The two walked a short distance away. They stopped under a large tree, where there were few staff members around.
"Ms. Hart, you want to ask about my relationship with Jeremy, right? I can tell you directly, that I'm divorced from Jeremy. His future relationships have nothing to do with me." Natalie took the initiative.
Rather than wait for Helena to ask, she decided to say it herself.
-Helena nodded with a smile. "I did want to ask about your relationship with Mr. Hughes, but you might
have misunderstood. Right now, Mr. Hughes and I are just friends. I recently became the face of his company's new product, so we've met a few times in private."
"Oh, I see. Well, then," Natalie replied. She was a bit surprised.
She thought to herself, "Going to the mall together, but just as friends?"
Suddenly, she remembered that Helena was a rising star and probably didn't want her personal life caught by the media.
Seeing that Natalie seemed unbothered, Helena found herself even more puzzled. "Are you really not considering getting back together with Mr. Hughes, Ms. Jakeman?"
Given Jeremy's status in Jipsburg
City, plenty of women would jump at the chance to marry him. If she could become Jeremy's girlfriend, it would definitely boost her career to new heights. 
However, Jeremy's attitude toward his ex-wife, Natalie, left Helena unsure of where things stood.
It seemed that Jeremy hadn't really let go of Natalie. Otherwise, he wouldn't have focused solely on her as soon as she appeared. After they left the mall, he left immediately as well.
His demeanor before and after Natalie's arrival had been noticeably different. Hence, Helena wanted to understand what kind of person Natalie was.
Although they exchanged only a few
words, Helena could sense that
Natalie was a person of integrity. Others might say they have no lingering ties with an ex but Natalie's sincerity made Helena believe it was 
true.
With a smile, Natalie shook her head and said, "No, I don't."
Reconciliation was something only found in novels, not in her life.
"If you have no further questions, I need to get back to work."
Helena nodded. "Sorry to bother you, Ms. Jakeman."
Natalie smiled and assured her it was no trouble before heading back to Austin.
As Natalie returned, Austin's smile gradually reappeared.
Helena observed Austin and recalled the myths surrounding him in the entertainment industry.
Having been in the entertainment industry for years, he had always maintained a clean reputation and had never been involved in scandals
Many actresses had tried to use him
to advance their careers, but none had succeeded. When filming, there was a sense of chemistry between the on-screen partners, and the film crew often marketed them as a couple. 
However, Austin seemed to only play along slightly. He never indulged in any extra flirtation that could lead to gossip. But Helena had felt a sense that Austin was fond of Natalie. On her way back to Galaxy Villa, Skylar received a call from Joe.
He wouldn't be coming home today.
###chapter858
Skylar didn't think much of it. After all, so many of their friends were at the club. But she hadn't expected Joe to come back so early the next morning. He was a bit drunk, stumbling as if he were walking on
clouds.
"Are you drunk?" she asked.
Joe, who rarely drank so much that his steps would falter, cupped her face with both hands. He leaned in, pressing a hard kiss to her lips, which were squished into a pout.
Skylar hadn't expected this from him. "What are you doing?" she asked.
"I want to sleep with you," Joe said, his tone heavy. He kissed her again before she could respond.
Skylar's strength was no match for Joe's. He was like an unyielding wall, impossible to break through. Her rationality shattered into pieces as Joe kissed her hard.
Joe knew her body all too well. His hands seemed to set her ablaze, igniting every inch of her skin.
Joe went wild when he was drunk. They spent the entire morning in a frenzy in bed. The sheets were left in disarray, and several used condoms littered the floor.
It took Skylar a long time to feel connected to her body again. She wasn't sure how long she had been in a daze after everything stopped.
Staring at Joe's sleeping face beside her, with his arm still draped over her, she felt disoriented.
They had been so wild just now. He had called her name multiple times. He was focused and full of emotion as if his madness was all for her. Gradually, as she regained her strength, she gently slipped from under his arm.
Skylar felt sticky and uncomfortable. She couldn't stand it any longer.
After a refreshing shower, she changed her clothes and headed downstairs.
Joe had come back just when she was getting ready for work. She didn't have time to ask for leave, and her phone was still in her bag.
When she finally checked it, she saw
е
several missed calls and messages
from Caleb and Alexander asking about her whereabouts. Her face flushed with embarrassment.
She quickly called Caleb. "Caleb, could you help me take a day off? I've been feeling unwell and have been asleep until now."
Thankfully, Caleb didn't ask too many questions. He just told her to rest up and see a doctor if necessary.
The wildness of the morning had left her feeling something she couldn't quite put into words.
As she went to the fridge to find something to eat, hoping to regain some energy, she heard a noise at the
front door.
She immediately checked the front door surveillance footage.
To her surprise, Vera was standing outside. She had been discharged from the hospital.
Skylar opened the door to let Vera in. However, Vera stood at the door- without entering. Instead, she waved the bag she was holding toward the camera. 
én.swnovels
S
von
She wondered if she was here to drop something off.
Seeing this, Skylar stepped outside.
Vera's smile faltered for a moment when she saw that the person coming out was Skylar.
In the past few days, Denton and Patricia had been reminding her that Skylar was not the ordinary girl she had imagined. Skylar had her own unique
qualities, and if Joe was really keeping Skylar at Galaxy Villa, it could mean he might truly have genuine feelings for her.
Vera had said she wasn't worried and acted like she was confident in herself.
###chapter859
 
But at this moment, seeing Skylar, Vera was reminded of the apology and plea she had made in front of Skylar earlier. It had been the most humiliating moment of her life.
She quickly composed herself. When she looked at Skylar again, she put on her usual aloof and high-and- mighty demeanor. She asked, "Is Joe not back yet?"
The question was not whether he was home but whether he had returned.
Skylar understood immediately. It seemed Joe and Vera had met last night. "He's back, but he's asleep. Do you need me to wake him?" Skylar offered.
Vera noticed Skylar's calm demeanor and lack of any hint of arrogance, which only made her more uncomfortable. She would have preferred if Skylar had flaunted her relationship with Joe.
"No, it's fine. He didn't sleep last night and drank a lot, so I don't want to disturb him. This is a gift I gave to some friends of mine. He left it at the club. I happened to be passing by and thought I'd return it," Vera said, handing the bag to Skylar.
Skylar took the bag and turned to go back inside.
"Wait a moment," Vera called after her.
Skylar stopped and turned back. "Is there something else?"
"Your relationship with Joe... How much does Joe pay you each month?" Vera asked, fixing her gaze on Skylar.
Immediately after asking, she regretted her words, but she felt the need to clarify things.
Every time she saw Skylar, her unease grew.
Skylar's expression turned cold. "If you have any questions or doubts about my relationship with Joe, you should ask him directly."
Nowadays, communication and information exchange between people were very convenient.
Vera had so many doubts that it was no use asking Skylar and beating around the bush. It would be better to ask Joe directly. Besides, Skylar didn't have a good impression of her. After Skylar's response, Vera had no opportunity to ask more questions. Vera's face darkened as she watched Skylar walk away, feeling completely ignored.
She wondered who had given Skylar the courage to completely disregard her.
The more confident and unapologetic Skylar seemed, the more Vera struggled to find a way to confirm things with Joe.
The events of the previous night left her feeling uneasy. Joe was becoming increasingly distant toward her.
Vera stood there, lost in thought for a moment. She pressed her lips together tightly. Once back in her car, Vera called Rowan.
Rowan was likely asleep and didn't answer. Then she thought of someone else and called Jenny.
It wasn't long before Jenny answered the phone.
"Jenny, do you know much about Skylar?" Vera asked, cutting straight to the point. She had no patience for beating around the bush.
Jenny's voice sounded a bit tired. "Skylar? She's a very calculating person. You'll realize it after a few interactions with her.
"She'll use any means necessary to attract Joe. There's nothing she won't do. My advice is to be cautious around her, Ms. Ruell.”
"Last time you mentioned that Joe
had special feelings for her. Does he have feelings for her? Or is their relationship not just a sugar daddy situation but a romantic one?" Vera boldly speculated. 
In Vera's view, only a genuine boyfriend-girlfriend relationship could explain why Skylar was so confident in her interactions with her.
Jenny seemed lost in thought for a
while before continuing, "It's not a
typical boyfriend-girlfriend
relationship. Just be wary of her, or Joe will likely distance himself from you because of her." 
"Alright, thank you for what you've shared today. It helps me understand Skylar better," Vera replied warmly.
As Vera was about to hang up, Jenny quickly added, "Can you do me a favor?"
Vera squinted. Despite her dislike for Jenny, she might find her useful in the future. After all, Jenny had grown up around Joe. She said, “What is it? I'll help if I can."
"Please arrange a meeting with Rowan for me. You can use any reason you like, as long as it's not under my hame. We've had some misunderstandings, and I'd like to clear them up in person," Jenny requested. 
###chapter860
 
"Rowan?" Vera echoed.
Vera had heard a bit about Rowan and Jenny's situation and knew that Rowan was recently engaged. She couldn't help but sneer internally. She had always suspected Jenny wasn't as innocent as she seemed.
And now, seeing Rowan's engagement, it was clear that Jenny was trying to use Rowan to her advantage.
"Alright, I'll arrange it. I'll let you know when it's set up. When will you be discharged from the hospital?"
Jenny responded, "I should be discharged from the hospital by next week."
"Okay."
In the hospital ward, Jenny stared at her phone, struggling to control her expression, She could hardly believe she had been completely shut out. Despite trying every possible way, Joe was ignoring her completely.
Moments ago, she had received a termination letter from her job.
Since she was still on probation, the company offered her compensation. Joe's words were true-she could no longer see him.
If that car accident had indeed been orchestrated by her mother, then no matter what she did, Joe would never forgive her easily. Now, she could only pin her hopes on Rowan.
As long as she humbled herself and sought his favor, he would surely have treated her well again.
He must have.
He would have.
She was determined to make Rowan call off the engagement. Then, she could gradually change Joe's opinion of her through Rowan.
What her mother had done had nothing to do with her. The videos were taken under duress by Edwin. She had been a victim from start to finish. She believed that she deserved to be treated well.
Just then, a nurse walked into the
ward with a bottle of medication et
The nurse was taken aback by Jenny's dark expression. "Ms Scott, you..." 
"What about me?" Jenny snapped, glaring at the nurse.
The nurse hadn't expected Jenny to suddenly lose her temper, so she warily approached to change the dressing.
Jenny, lost in thought, remained absent-minded.
As the nurse finished and left, she shook her head subtly.
Jenny's mood swings were faster than turning pages of a book. Previously, she had been very polite to the doctors and nurses, but in the past few days, she seemed like a completely different person. 
She had become irritable and harsh. She hadn't had many visitors during her hospital stay. Fortunately, she would be discharged soon.
Joe slept until 2:00 pm. When he woke and saw that Skylar was not in bed, he noticed the disheveled
state of the room and couldn't help but smile.
He got out of bed and went downstairs. Skylar was nowhere to be found.
He wondered whether Skylar had gone to work. He immediately called her.
"Are you at work?" Joe asked as soon as the call connected.
Skylar replied, "I took the day off, I'm on my way to my mom's house. By the way, Ms. Ruell came by a little over an hour ago. I left the things she brought on the table by the door." 
Joe responded simply, “Okay.”
Then, he asked, "When will you be back?"
Noticing Joe's lack of interest in Vera's visit, Skylar was a bit surprised. "Probably after dinner."
###chapter861
 
Upon hearing that Skylar would be back after dinner, Joe's smile faded, and his tone became more neutral. "Alright."
A few days later, during Skylar's lunch break, Natalie invited the former to the mall. Natalie was preparing for a trip to Fachington with Austin the next day, which would last at least three months.
"I'll bring you a gift when I come back. Fachington is known for its romance, I'm really looking forward to this trip. Even though it's for work, it's bound to be an unforgettable experience, completely different from anything else."
Natalie's eyes were filled with excitement for the upcoming journey.
Skylar smiled and asked, "You're going for three months. Have you got everything ready?"
Natalie nodded, taking a sip of her smoothie. "Yes, I'm all set. Don't worry, I can take care of myself just fine. If I need anything, I can buy it over there.
"Mr. Powell said he has a mansion in Fachington. When he's free from filming, I can visit the mansion and even make red wine myself. Mr. Powell is really quite the hidden big shot!" Listening to Natalie constantly refer to Austin, Skylar felt that Natalie might have some budding feelings for Austin. She chose not to probe further, sensing that Natalie might be unaware of her feelings.
Suddenly, Natalie exclaimed, "Hey, is that Rowan and Vera?"
Natalie motioned for Skylar to look over. Skylar followed her gaze to a nearby café, where Vera and Rowan had just sat down together.
Noticing the change in Skylar's expression, Natalie asked in a low voice, "How are things between you and Joe? I've been too busy to ask lately."
Lately, there had been a lot of rumors about Vera and Joe.
Although some news had surfaced, it was quickly retracted. However, new rumors continued to emerge without any concrete evidence. It was just speculative reports by minor reporters. Natalie thought, "Engaged? Nonsense! Joe and Skylar are already married, so what engagement are they talking about?"
Skylar said calmly, "The situation between Joe and I is still the same. It's neither good nor bad."
She actually didn't know how to describe their relationship.
A few days ago, she and Joe had agreed to prepare for a divorce. But recently, it seemed like Joe had forgotten about it. Their relationship had somehow become much closer again.
Natalie nodded. "Being neither good nor bad is quite decent. People are interacting, and I don't believe that someone as beautiful as you could be around Joe every day without catching his interest. 
"As for those ridiculous rumors online, don't believe them. They're all baseless fabrications and completely false."
As they spoke, they didn't pay much attention to Vera and Rowan.
Soon, Skylar caught sight of Jenny in her peripheral vision.
She wondered if Jenny was out of the hospital already. She had heard from Paul about Jenny's situation, and Joe was already aware of the secret Skylar had discovered about Jenny. 
Skylar had a strong feeling that Jenny still had secrets.
"Are you curious about what Rowan and Vera are up to? Should we go say hi?" Natalie asked when she noticed Skylar staring absentmindedly in their direction. Skylar glanced at the time and said, "It's time for me to head back to work. Let's go."
"I'll take you to the airport tomorrow," Skylar continued.
"No need to trouble yourself. The studio is sending someone to pick me up tomorrow. I'll be going to the airport with Mr. Powell and Hank."
"Alright."
Rowan had been invited by Vera. He initially thought that Vera wanted to discuss Joe with him. However, afterthey sat down and exchanged a few pleasantries, Jenny arrived. 
Rowan knew that Jenny had been in the hospital after a car accident, but he hadn't realized how serious it had been
Her forehead was wrapped in bandages, and she looked significantly thinner. When she walked, it seemed like she was hesitant to put weight on her right leg.
Rowan was taken aback by the fact that the accident had been a serious one.
"It looks like Jenny wants to speak with you alone. I'll take a walk and let you two talk," Vera said as she stood up.
She had no interest in their conversation.
The moment Jenny saw Rowan, her eyes reddened slightly.
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out!
###chapter862
 
Jenny said, "Rowan, I was wrong before."
Jenny forced back the tears in her eyes.
Rowan was momentarily taken aback. He looked at Jenny thoughtfully and asked, "What exactly do you want to tell me?"
Jenny hadn't expected such a cold response from Rowan, especially since his attitude was colder than ever before. The contrast between his past and present demeanor was stark.
She felt a pang of sadness. "Rowan, must we be this way? Why are you so cold to me? We've known each other for so long, and you never used to be like this.
"You must have heard about my accident by now. Why haven't you visited me in the hospital?"
Rowan frowned and said, "Have you forgotten what I said before? And isn't there someone else around you?"
He used to feel deeply sympathetic when Jenny cried. But now, for some reason, he found himself growing impatient.
Jenny wasn't na?ve and could sense Rowan's impatience.
There was no one around her. She wondered if someone was spreading rumors in front of Rowan. It must
be his fiancée, Minerva.
"Who told you that? Why would you think that? You know I have feelings for Joe. How could I be with someone else?
"But now I've realized that Joe and I can never be together. He's already married, and I should let him go, Jenny said, her tears flowing again.
Her distress was palpable and genuinely heartbreaking.
Rowan frowned. "After I left your place that day, I saw someone on your balcony. He was right there."
Jenny's expression changed dramatically. Rowan saw someone.
That day, Edwin had indeed gone to her balcony. Her apartment was high up, so even if Rowan had seen someone, he probably wouldn't have seen Edwin's face.
Jenny clenched her fists and said nervously, "That person is my uncle. He came to Jipsburg to borrow money from me. You know my real background. My family is poor and lives in a rural area. I didn't want them to get entangled with me while also dragging you into it 
Rowan's expression softened as he listened to Jenny.
Jenny understood Rowan well. She knew he had always had feelings for her. As long as she lowered her guard, there was still a chance for them. "Rowan, I've finally come to realize that you are the one who has always been there for me. I've also realized that my feelings for you go beyond friendship...
Vera had no intention of returning to the café. After browsing the mall, she decided to leave.
This mall wasn't a place she typically shopped at, but it was close to the Gardner Group.
After leaving the mall, she stood before the door and gazed at the Gardner Group. Skylar worked in that building.
Moreover, it was said that because
of the high regard of Alexander toward Skylar, she held a prominent position within the entire team. The antiques she restored had almost no flaws. 
The more Vera became aware of Skylar's abilities, the more she felt as though she was being overshadowed.
Just as she was about to leave, a familiar voice came behind her.
"When you get back, let me host a welcome dinner for you. How about fondue?"
Vera turned to see Skylar and Natalie walking out of the mall, chatting and laughing.
truly understands me. While I'm
along. "You're the only person who
Natalie was enthusiastically nodding
gone for three months, you're not
allowed to make any new best friends. You can only be best friends with me, understand?" 
"Okay, I get it. I'll follow your rules," Skylar replied with a smile.
"Me too. Put your mind at ease," Natalie said.
###chapter863
 
Skylar and Natalie walked and laughed together, not noticing Vera. They only noticed her when they got close.
Skylar's smile faded when she saw Vera.
Vera didn't say anything. She just nodded slightly at Skylar. Skylar returned the gesture.
Natalie wasn't very familiar with Vera. They had only seen each other a few times, mostly through various news outlets, so she didn't greet her.'
After they walked a short distance, Natalie quickly whispered to Skylar, "I've heard about Vera before. She's supposed to be a proud person who doesn't tolerate any nonsense.
"You should avoid interacting with her too much when you see her. I don't think she's easy to deal with."
Skylar just nodded. She didn't say much about Vera. After parting ways with Natalie on the street, she
returned to work.
Standing by the mall entrance, Vera silently watched Skylar walk into Gardner Group. She looked lost in thought, her expression unreadable.
It was only the sudden ring of her phone that she finally broke from her daze.
"Hello, Mrs. Martin," Vera said, frowning slightly. She wondered why Molly was calling her again.
She didn't particularly like Joe's stepmother. Molly was a former actress who often pretended to be sweet and sincere, but Vera found her insincere and irritating.
"We didn't tell you earlier because we thought Joe wouldn't really care for Skylar and would eventually divorce her. But now we have to tell you, they've been married for over six months now."
Molly's voice came through slowly, but Vera felt her world was shaken. Her ears started buzzing. "What did you say?"
"I have a way to help you get back with Joe, but you'll need to follow my advice..."
Molly continued speaking, but Vera was too shocked to hear anything else. Her mind was a blur.
Married... They were married...
No wonder Skylar always carried herself with such grace whenever they met. She never acted like a
mistress.
No wonder, back at the hospital, Joe introduced Skylar as his wife,
So, Skylar really was his wife.
He had waited all these years, and Vera wondered why he couldn't just wait a little longer for her.
He knew how proud she was. If he had just come to find her abroad and made her a promise, she would have returned long ago.
Instead, he married a woman from the countryside.
He got married.
After working for two hours, Skylar took a break to make herself a cup of coffee. While she sipped her coffee, she couldn't help but think about Jenny.
After some deliberation, she decided to contact Paul.
"Mrs. Martin, is there something you need? Just say the word!" Paul greeted her cheerfully.
Skylar couldn't help but smile. She
asked, "There's nothing in particular that I need, but I do have a question. When Jenny was working at your company, did she ever have the opportunity to enter Joe's office?" 
"Are you concerned that someone might have used Jenny? Mr. Martin's office hasn't had anything new, and he's been very meticulous about the arrangement these past couple of months. 
"But I'll take another good look. If needed, kcan also check the surveillance footage from the time Jenny, joined the company," Paul said. He didn't dare to speaktoo definitively. 
If Jenny could secretly be involved with Joe's father, other unbelievable things wouldn't be impossible.
Since it involved Joe, Paul needed to be cautious.
Skylar knew Paul's capabilities, so she felt reassured and said, "Alright."
Just as Skylar was about to hang up, Paul suddenly added, "Mrs. Martin, if you're worried about Mr.
Martin, you could always to the company to check things yourself. I mean, I might overlook something, and.....”
###chapter864
 
Before Paul could finish his sentence, someone appeared behind him.
The next moment, Joe snatched the phone right out of Paul's hand.
Skylar was puzzled by the sudden silence on the other end of the line. Then she heard Joe's voice.
"If you're so concerned about me, why not just call me directly?" Joe said.
Skylar was caught off guard. She hadn't expected Joe to overhear her conversation with Paul, let alone take over and speak to her himself. Thankfully, she had just had some coffee, so her mind was sharp. She quickly responded, "I thought you might be busy."
"Call me directly next time." Joe's tone was a bit commanding.
"Alright," Skylar replied.
She expected Joe to return the phone to Paul and end the call. But Joe surprised her again by saying, " Find some time to come by my company." Skylar was taken aback. She couldn't quite figure out what Joe was thinking. She asked, "Aren't you worried your employees will find out about our relationship?"
Joe said, "They'll know sooner or later. Once we have the wedding, everyone in Jipsburg will know you're my wife."
Skylar gripped her phone tightly. A wedding... There was no hint or any intention to divorce her in his words.
After a brief silence from Skylar, Joe's eyes darkened slightly. Then, he said, "Alright, I'll get back to work."
"Okay, bye," Skylar replied.
After the call ended, Skylar found herself momentarily lost in thought. She couldn't stop thinking about her relationship with Joe.
Just then, Caleb encountered some issues and came to find her, snapping her out of her reverie.
Skylar hadn't expected the wedding dresses to arrive so quickly. Not only did the ones she had selected arrive but several more had been sent along as well.
There was even a designer and a team of staff who came to assist.
Skylar arrived home first. Edgar and the designers had been there for half an hour already.
Apologizing for making them wait, Skylar began trying on the wedding dresses individually.
When she was trying on the third wedding dress, Joe returned home. When Joe saw Skylar in her wedding dress, he couldn't tear his eyes away.
Seeing Joe's unwavering gaze fixed
on Skylar Edgar couldn't help but smile internally. He could see Joe's feelings through his eyes. It was clear from Joe's eyes how much he was taken by Skylar, 
Edgar couldn't deny that Skylar was indeed beautiful, with a stunning figure. He was mesmerized as he watched. The designer praised her physique as well, not to mention how Joe felt about her. 
The wedding dress accentuated her already fair skin, making it look even more like snow. She was absolutely stunning.
Skylar was initially unaware of Joe's presence. While the designer talked to her, asking if she was dissatisfied with any part of the wedding dress or felt uncomfortable in any way, she was focused on experiencing the wedding dress. 
Although the wedding dresses might not all be used in the end, the experience was real.
When she accidentally glanced toward Joe, who was coming back, their eyes met. She was startled by the aggressive look in his eyes.
He...
"Mr. Martin, don't you think this wedding dress looks particularly beautiful on Mrs. Martin?" Edgar asked at just the right moment.
Joe withdrew his gaze as if realizing his earlier look was a bit inappropriate. After clearing his throat, he said in a somewhat heavy voice, "Well, it's not bad."
Observing Joe's reaction, Edgar thought, "What do you mean 'not bad'?"
Edgar was speechless. He thought Joe was just being stubborn.
###chapter865
 
Skylar's smile faltered at the corners when she heard Joe's lukewarm response.
His comment "not
bad" implied that the wedding dress wasn't quite up to his expectations, possibly because the bride in the wedding dress wasn't the person he had en
Realizing this, Skylar suddenly snapped back to reality and said, "Edgar, I think the wedding dress
I just tried on was quite nice. Let's go with that one."
She had no interest in trying on the remaining dresses.
Edgar glanced at the few remaining dresses that hadn't been tried yet. He asked, "Shall we skip those?"
"Yes, after looking at them all, the one I tried earlier is definitely the best," Skylar replied with a smile.
"How about letting Mr. Martin see you try on the second dress?" Edgar suggested, recalling
that the second wedding dress had looked quite good. If Joe had seen it, he might have found it even more captivating.
Edgar thought, "Let's see if Mr. Martin's attitude remains firm. What does 'not bad' even mean? It completely dampened Mrs. Martin's interest in tying on more wedding dresses."
Skylar was about to refuse, thinking Joe wouldn't want to see it
and that it would be a waste of time. But before she could speak, Joe nodded and said, "Yes, you should try it."
He then moved to the remaining wedding dresses. He scanned them one by one before settling on one. This one is nice too. You should try it."
Skylar first tried on the second dress, then the one Joe had chosen.
Joe's choice proved to be excellent. The wedding dress showcased her figure beautifully and highlighted her neck.
Skylar was captivated by her reflection in the mirror. She realized
that when a woman found the right wedding dress, she could be so beautiful that she couldn't take her eyes off herself. Suddenly, she caught Joe's gaze in the mirror.
His eyes held awe and admiration, and there was a hint of affection.
They silently locked eyes through the mirror.
The designer and staff remained silent. They used to witness such tender moments between newlyweds. However, today, the display of affection was particularly striking. 
Joe and Skylar looked even more stunning than movie stars. They were a feast for the eyes, resembling the protagonists from a fairy tale. Indeed, there were different flavors of romance.
Watching the scene, Edgar grinned widely. He captured the moment on video to send to Gloria.
"Mrs. Martin Senior, look at this! Mr.
Martin's eyes are glued to Mrs. Martin, and Mrs. Martin's eyes are all about Mr. Martin too. These two young people are head over heels for each other. 
"This is how love works-through mutual testing and gradual
progress. Don't worry about them, they're doing fine. I never thought Mr. Martin would be so involved in choosing the wedding dress. He wouldn't have done this before." 
Gloria was at a tea house with George and two friends.
Seeing the video and reading the message, she couldn't stop smiling.
George noticed her smile and asked, "What's got you so happy?"
Gloria suppressed her grin. “At my age, what could be so exciting?"
One of her friends commented, "There are plenty of joys, like holding your great-grandchild. I just held mine the other day, and I'm so delighted."
Gloria raised an eyebrow at her friend's show-off. "I should be holding mine soon."
There was nothing to boast about. She could hold her great-grandchild soon.
But she had to say it. She felt that the children Skylar and Joe would have would surpass any great-grandchild among them.
At a bustling airport, Natalie, Austin, and her group had just passed security.
Suddenly, one of the staff gasped quietly, "Is that Helena Hart? Who is that handsome guy next to her?"
###chapter866
 
The staff said, "I don't know them, but they look like a great match."
“I do know them. I think I saw them in a financial news report. The guy is Jeremy Hughes, the CEO of Hughes Group.'
"Damn it! Since when did Helena get such a powerful backer? They must be on a trip together, right?"
The accompanying staff weren't aware of Natalie's relationship with Jeremy. So they chatted about the gossip openly in front of her.
Natalie followed their gazes to where Jeremy and Helena were.
She saw Helena talking to Jeremy. Although she couldn't hear the conversation, Helena's gaze was clearly fixed on Jeremy.
Jeremy looked down at Helena. When their eyes met, it gave off a sense of mutual affection.
Anyone seeing this scene would likely sigh and think they were a perfect match.
Hank exchanged a concerned glance with Austin. They were worried about Natalie.
Although Natalie and Jeremy had divorced, they had once been close. Seeing her ex-husband with someone new must be difficult for her. Austin studied Natalie carefully.
Natalie glanced at them briefly before turning away and saying to her colleagues, "I'm going to the
restroom."
For some reason, probably because of Jeremy's recent outburst in her apartment, she felt uncomfortable and didn't want to face him directly. "Alright, go ahead."
As Natalie walked to the restroom, Jeremy cast a sharp, cold gaze in her direction.
His gaze landed precisely on her, as if he had observed Natalie's every move moments before.
Hank noticed this and whispered to Austin, "It looks like Jeremy still can't let go of Natalie."
Austin's expression remained neutral as he replied, "He can't let go, but he's still cheating."
His words struck right at the heart of the matter.
Hank rubbed his nose, realizing that Austin's words were spot on.
But Natalie, with her strong personality, could not tolerate infidelity. If she were the type to accept such things, she might still be the pampered Mrs. Hughes.
When Natalie emerged from the restroom, she ran into Helena by the sink.
Helena seemed unsurprised to see her.
"What a coincidence!" Helena greeted first.
Natalie smiled and replied, "Yes, it really is."
"I heard Mr. Powell is heading to Fachington to film. It's going to be a few months, right?" Helena asked.
Their conversation was casual, like at of friends.
Helena had a gentle appearance, which was why she was cast as the female lead in a school drama. She had a strong connection with the audience and naturally made people feel drawn to her.
Natalie found Helena's personality pleasant from their previous encounters.
Natalie nodded. "Yes, I'm not entirely sure about the exact timing yet. That's managed by Hank and the film crew. I'm just Mr. Powell's assistant, so my job is to take good cate of him." 
As the former wife of the Hughes Group CEO, she adapted quickly to being a normal person and had no qualms about being an assistant Her poised demeanor made it seem as though being an ordinary person, was something to be genuinely pleased about. 
Helena could sense that Natalie was living her life with clarity and ease.
Helena thought about the state Jermey had seen her in earlier and smiled as she said, "I'll be going to
Murida with Mr. Hughes filsagen.
then to Fachington. If the
opportunity arises, we should meet up. 
“Alright,” Natalie politely replied. “I'll head out now."
After Natalie left the restroom, Helena sighed softly and wondered if Jeremy was using her as a pawn. If Jeremy did, then he must have thought highly of her.
Paul found some information about Edwin and Molly's activities abroad.
"Molly had been frequenting a café and a hotel abroad in recent years. She meets with a Clusian in his 70s at the café. Moreover, she meets with people of various ages at the hotel."
###chapter867
It was quite scandalous, but there was no need to taint Joe's ears with such details.
"About 70 years old? Have you found him yet?" Joe asked coldly.
In recent incidents, the negative Items had almost always been found in the hands of men around 70 years old.
Paul shook his head. "We're still investigating. We should have results soon. As for the evidence and photos of Molly with others at the hotel, we have some new evidence. Should I show it to your family, Mr. Martin?"
If those photos were leaked, it would end Edwin and Molly's fa?ade of a perfect marriage.
Joe narrowed his eyes. After a brief silence, he said, "Not for now. Keep it under close watch."
"Understood."
Paul had spotted Rowan's whereabouts through Jenny's Instagram. The photo depicted a man and a woman holding hands tightly; there was no caption, but the image clearly indicated their relationship.
No one would hold hands so tightly with a mere friend.
Paul recognized Rowan's hand only because the former had seen Rowan wearing that ring during a dinner. He wondered who Jenny was exactly interested in.
Paul was torn about wheth
fixated on Jenny.
to inform Rowan. Even though Rowan was engaged, it seemed she was still
He pondered if Jenny was trying to get Joe's attention with this Instagram post or if she had other motives. Despite everything, Jenny seemed not to have learned her lesson.
"Mr. Martin, Jenny and Rowan are together," Paul said as he delivered some documents.
Joe listened and kept quiet for a few seconds before responding, "Rowan has liked Jenny for years. This time, it's an opportunity for him to see Jenny for who she truly is."
"So, I shouldn't inform Rowan then?"
"Correct."
As Paul turned to leave, Joe called him back. “Contact a wedding planning company and have them prepare a few plans for me.”
“Are you and Mrs. Martin planning a wedding, Mr. Martin?" Paul asked. He was shocked.
The two had recently been in a
tu situation. They seemed t
the brink of divorce, and now they were planning a big wedding. 
Joe's gaze turned cold,
Paul quickly zipped his mouth shut. He realized he had asked too many questions that day. He should follow his boss' instructions without so many questions and execute them immediately. 
That evening, after taking a shower, Skylar turned on the TV and settled in to watch a show while waiting for her hair to dry.
Joe had a social event-today and returned quite late.
Seeing Skylar in her comfortable loungewear, engrossed in a TV show, he walked over and handed her the items he was carrying. Skylar looked up and asked, "Is this for me?"
"I bought this on the way back. Eat it," Joe replied, his tone somewhat stiff.
On his way home, Paul had mentioned that young women these days loved beef jerky from this popular chain.
Skylar was surprised by this thoughtful gesture.
She opened the bag to find it filled
with peppered beef jerky from a popular brand. They were perfect for
pairing with beer and binge-watching TV. 
Swallowing her saliva, she looked up with bright eyes and asked, "Do you want to join me?"
Joe seemed momentarily dazed by the light in her eyes. He lowered his gaze and said, "I'll shower first."
###chapter868
Skylar went to the fridge to grab some beers. She also took the opportunity to wash some fruit.
The table was filled with various beef jerky flavors. As she opened the package, the aroma of the barbecue beef jerky wafted through the air. She had been so busy lately that she hadn't had time to enjoy snacks like this. She remembered seeing posts on Instagram about this popular chain. People said it was the best beef jerky shop in Jipsburg City. Tonight, she finally had a chance to try it.
By the time she finished setting everything up, Joe had come downstairs after his shower.
They didn't say much to each other. They sat quietly side by side, watching their show and munching on the peppered beef jerky.
Joe only took a few bites. He wasn't a fan of the peppered flavor, but he drank beer and ate some fruit. On the other hand, Skylar had a big appetite. Without realizing it, she had devoured almost half of the beef jerky by herself.
She belatedly glanced at Joe.
He seemed unusually easygoing tonight, with an air of friendliness about him.
The way they sat there now felt like how a normal couple would act. There was no need for words, yet there was a warmth in their eyes when they looked at each other.
Skylar wondered if it was the beer making her see Joe in a different light.
"Skylar," Joe suddenly spoke.
"Hmm?" She looked up at him, her eyes a bit dazed from the alcohol.
Joe leaned in and kissed her.
After the kiss ended, he said, “No divorce. Is that okay?"
Skylar wondered if she had misheard him saying he didn't want a divorce.
"You..." Skylar was stunned.
She pondered whether he was serious or if it was just a spur-of-the-moment decision. Just as she was about to ask if he had really thought it through, her phone suddenly rang. Skylar reached for her phone. She answered the call with a distracted tone. “Hello."
"Skylar, this is Aiken. Can you come to Apollo Hospital? Only you might be able to calm Simona down and make her listen." Aiken's voice was urgent and tinged with a hint of helplessness. 
Skylar had known Aiken for a while. Though they didn't meet often, he had always seemed calm and composed. It was clear that only someone like Simona could unsettle him. 
Realizing the seriousness of the situation, she asked, "What happened to Simona?"
"Simona... has been bullied," Aiken said. His voice was filled with pain and distress.
Although he was trying to control his emotions, the moment he heard Skylar's voice, he couldn't completely control his feelings. Skylar's expression changed dramatically, and she jumped up. “I'm heading there right now!" 
After hanging up, Skylar turned to Joe. "Simona has been bullied. I
don't know if it's what I'm fearing,
but need to get to the hosion
away." 
én.swnovels
right
Simona was young and had just started to make plans and hopes for her future. She couldn't afford to have anything go wrong.
Joe's expression turned cold. "Aiken's sister?"
The situation was related to Aiken.
Skylar clearly had a special connection with him.
“Yes, Aiken's sister. I need to get a cab,” Skylar said. She felt a pang of regret for having had the beer.
Joe pressed his lips tightly. He stood up and made a call to Lucas.
"Lucas should arrive in about 20 minutes," Joe said.
"Okay." Skylar breathed a sigh of relief.
While waiting for Lucas, she quickly changed into more suitable clothes and drank a bottle of milk to ease the effects of the alcohol.
When Lucas arrived, Joe and Skylar both headed outside.
"It's late at night. It's not safe for you to go alone," Joe said.
Skylar glanced at Lucas. She had spoken with him before. He was a former military serviceman with exceptional skills, which was why he worked for Joe.
With someone so capable of driving her back and forth, it seemed impossible for anything to be unsafe
###chapter869
 
Skylar couldn't shake off her worry about Simona. She had been uneasy ever since receiving the call from Aiken, so she didn't say anything to Joe. Throughout the drive to the hospital, they remained silent.
On the way, she glanced through Simona's Instagram. After returning to school, Simona made friends and frequently visited the library or hung out after classes.
A few hours earlier, just after school let out, Simona had posted a photo of herself playing tennis with her classmates.
Skylar looked at the bright smile on Simona's face in the post and furrowed her brow.
Joe rolled down the car window. The cool evening breeze helped clear his mind.
Soon, they arrived at the Apollo Hospital.
Skylar quickly hurried to the floor where Simona's ward was located. Just as she was approaching, she saw two police officers coming out of the ward.
One of the police officers spoke to Aiken, "We've just apprehended the individuals who harmed your sister. We've collected evidence and will make sure justice is served."
Aiken, with his back to her, responded, "I demand severe punishment for those who did this. They're all over 16."
"Okay." The police officers understood the victim's family's anger. Anyone would want severe consequences for those who harmed their loved ones. The police officers couldn't help but wonder what was going on with these students these days. They were committing crimes at such a young age. They felt sorry for the poor girl.
After the police officers walked away, Skylar and Joe exchanged a look. Then, she immediately approached Aiken. "How is Simona?"
"She won't let me get close. A few of her classmates raped her and another girl. Skye, please, help me. She's my only sister," Aiken said. His voice was hoarse, his eyes red and bloodshot.
Rape...
Skylar's body trembled violently. Her face went pale, her eyes filled with tears. For a moment, she didn't know what to say.
Her throat ached, and she managed to nod stiffly.
Seeing her reaction, Aiken continued, "I'm leaving Simona in your care for now. I have to take care of some things."
Even though the ones who hurt Simona had been taken into custody, they would still have to go througn legal procedures for their crimes. But Aiken was not going to let them off easily.
Those who dared to harm his sister were not people who could be repaid simply by serving a few years in prison or enduring some hardship. He would make sure they truly understood what darkness was. 
As he turned his back to Skylar, his face darkened with a shadow of grim determination. When he noticed Joe was also there, he didn't bother hiding it. But he still gave Joe a polite nod, just like always. 
Joe returned the nod..
After learning what Simona had gone through, any lingering jealousy he felt toward Aiken now seemed trivial. "Kstay here as well. Go do what you need to," Joe said,
er
е
understanding exactly what Aiken intended to do. 
S
Aiken paused, glanced at Joe, and then quickly walked away.
After Aiken left, Skylar gently knocked on the door.
"Simona, it's me."
There was no sound from inside the ward. Simona didn't respond. Skylar continued softly, "Simona, can I come in and keep you company?" "Skylar..." Simona's tearful voice came from inside the ward.
Skylar immediately pushed open the door and went in. She was stunned to find Simona not lying on the hospital bed but sitting on the floor in a corner, her back pressed against the wall.
In her eyes, Simona had always been bright and fearless, full of youthful energy and light
But now, Simona's face was streaked with tears, with visible injuries on her face and hands. Skylar could only imagine the terrible trauma those people had inflicted on her.
###chapter870
Skylar held Simona close without saying anything. 
She gently patted her back. Simona sobbed against Skylar’s shoulder for a long time. 
Once Simona’s emotions started to calm, Skylar helped her back to the hospital bed. Perhaps comforted by having someone with her, Simona quickly closed her eyes and fell asleep after lying down on the hospital bed. 
But she remained silent the entire time. 
Skylar sat beside the bed, holding Simona’s hand tightly. Just by holding her hand, Simona seemed to find some small measure of relief from the fear gripping her heart. 
When Skylar noticed Simona’s breathing becoming steadier, she allowed herself to relax a little. At that moment, she took the time to quietly observe Sim 
Tears still clung to Simona’s eyelashes, and her face was streaked with tear marks. Everything that had happened tonight had been an unimaginable ordeal for her. 
Those classmates who hurt Simona and the other girl would have to pay for what they had done. 
Simona’s sleep was restless. After barely half an hour, she woke up with a jolt. She screamed, “No!” 
Her voice was raw and desperate. Skylar was startled by Simona’s outcry and immediately moved to soothe her. “Simona, I’m here. Don’t be afraid. No one will ever hurt you again.” 
Simona’s terrified eyes slowly began to clear at Skylar’s comforting words. She clutched Skylar’s hand even tighter. 
“Skylar… I just don’t get it. I really don’t. I threatened them, begged them, and tried everything, but nothing worked. They were determined to bully me and Wendy.” 
Simona had never imagined that returning to school, filled with hope for the future and believing she had made good friends, would end up shattering all the dreams she had envisioned. 
It was like a beautiful dream that turned into a nightmare just before it ended. And just like that, she was plunged into hell. 
Skylar’s voice was soft yet firm as she reassured Simona, “They will pay for this, Simona. I promise you.” 
Simona buried herself in Skylar’s embrace, her voice trembling. “I know my brother won’t let them get away with this, and he’ll make sure they pay. But… my body hurts, my heart hurts, and then there’s Wendy… Wendy had already planned to go to the same college as her boyfriend, but now… what will she do?” 
Even at this moment, Simona’s main concern was still for the other girl. Skylar’s heart ached at Simona’s resilience and kindness. 
“You both are brave girls. You won’t be defeated that easily,” Skylar said softly. 
Simona bit down on her already injured lip. She knew Ajken would seek justice for her, but she was determined to fight for herself too. But Wendy Specter 
Wendy had always been so timid. 
When they were rescued, Wendy had passed out completely. Skylar was right. The ones at fault were those guys, not them. 
###chapter871
Simona requested of Skylar, “Skylar, can you take me to see Wendy? She’s having a harder time than I am right now. I’ve calmed down, and I know my be able to sleep if I don’t.” 
Skylar looked at Simona, her eyes red and swollen. Her body was covered in bruises. 
After a few moments of silence, she nodded. “Alright, I’ll take you to her.” 
As Skylar and Simona stepped out of the ward, Joe, who had been sitting across from them, stood up. 
“We’re just going for a walk. We won’t leave the hospital, so don’t worry.” Skylar assured him. 
Joe nodded. Seeing Simona’s injured face, Joe thought to himself, “Those kids‘ lives are ruined for good.” 
Simona had tried to threaten and reason with them when the incident happened, but nothing worked. In desperation, she called Aiken. 
Several male classmates noticed Simona on the phone and immediately threw her phone away. 
However, Aiken had already answered. Knowing where she was, he immediately called the police and rushed to save her. 
When they rescued Simona, they also found Wendy and took her to Apollo Hospital. 
Skylar and Simona stepped out of the elevator and heard a heated argument echoing through the corridor. 
“This is so embarrassing! We were planning to find her a husband who could offer a five–million– dollar gift after she graduated from college. But look at this! 
“We’ve spent so much money on her education, and she ended up seducing male classmates, managing to attract four or five of them at once.” Valencia Litt po 
“Mom, Dad, you told me to wait a few years. You said I’d get five million dollars to buy a house and get married once she graduated. Who would be willing to buy Wendy’s for five million dollars now? 
“What about that money now? I feel like going in there and killing Wendy myself! She’s ruined my life.” Keith Specter raged. 
“That shameless girl! When she wakes up, I’ll beat her until you feel better!” Jimmy Specter’s voice was equally furious. 
“Wendy’s just disgrace! If you had let her marry Mr. Snyder like I suggested, none of this would’ve happened! He would’ve easily paid the five million dollar gift. 
“But no, you listened to Wendy about going to college, thinking the gift would be higher after she graduated. I bet Wendy just trying to deceive you all, making you support her education,” Keith said. 
Valencia said, “Look at this hospital. Why did they bring her to this hospital? It’s the most expensive one in Jipsburg.” 
Jimmy nodded in agreement. “I’m having them discharge your sister right now. She’s already disgraced us, what’s the point of her staying here? Who knows how much this will cost us each day?” 
In the corridor, the three of them argued loudly. 
Their conversation was filled with calculations and self–interest, with no concern for Wendy’s well–being. 
To them, Wendy was just a commodity, and their main concern was her value. 
Skylar thought of the Williams family and their similar selfishness. 
Simona’s eyes were red with anger. She moved slowly because of her injuries. 
Then, she pointed at the three and shouted, “Are you even human? You’re Wendy’s family. She’s already in so much pain from being hurt, and you blame her for everything! Why don’t you go after the people who hurt her?” 
The three of them were momentarily stunned. They didn’t expect someone to speak up for Wendy. When they noticed Simona’s injuries and hospital attire, they quickly realized who she was 
Valencia pointed at Simona and spat. “So you’re the other girl who seduced the boys? Who gave you the right to call the police? 
“Did you corrupt Wendy and lead her into this mess? You’re both disgusting! How could you, at your age, be involved with so many boys?” 
Simona trembled with fury and said, “You…” 
“You? What are you talking about? At such a young age, not even 20 yet, and you’ve been used by several guys. 
“How dare you criticize us? Wendy has been defying us lately, and it’s clear she learned that from you.” Keith’s gaze was cold as he assessed Simona. 
Though he acknowledged she was prettier than his sister, he thought to himself that even if she had been used by others, he wouldn’t mind marrying her. 
###chapter872
Suddenly, Keith’s eyes lit up as he looked at Skylar. He couldn’t tear his gaze away. What a beautiful woman! 
“You!” Simona had encountered many shameless people, but she had never seen anyone as brazen as this. 
Skylar moved in front of Simona, handing her the phone. 
Simona paused when she saw the phone. It was displaying an active call. 
“Everything you just said was captured by the surveillance cameras. Your distortion of the facts and slandering of others gives us grounds to file a lawsuit,” Skylar said coldly. 
Seeing Keith’s lecherous stare made her expression even colder. 
Keith and his parents were stunned by Skylar’s attitude. They looked around and indeed noticed the surveillance cameras. 
“They are all high–definition cameras. Every move you make is being recorded,” Skylar added. 
“Do you even deserve to be parents?” Simona demanded angrily. Her eyes were red and swollen. 
Simona was tormented to the point of despair, still suffering from physical pain. However, she knew she couldn’t let this suffering defeat her. She had to stay strong. 
That was because she knew that Aiken would seek justice for her and Skylar would be by her side. With this support, she couldn’t afford to let other’s humiliation make her fall. 
But Wendy… She was the victim, still unconscious, and yet her family didn’t support her. Instead, they blamed her and piled false accusations on her. 
Simona remembered Wendy’s envy of others who had loving parents. 
She had never understood why Wendy, despite having parents, envied others. After all, it should be someone like her who had no parents to be envious they were monsters. 
“You! How can you speak like that? We’re doing this for your good. I heard those boys are from wealthy families. Can we afford to provoke them? You should think carefully and make sure your family isn’t put in a difficult p 
“Instead, use this opportunity to get as much compensation from those boys‘ families as you can. That’s what really matters,” Valencia said, rolling her ey 
Upon hearing her words, Simona sneered. She clenched her teeth tightly and glared at Valencia with hatred. “Do you believe I’ll make things difficult for you?” 
Those boys were nothing to her. 
She wanted those boys to not only regret their actions today but also pay a price for them. 
“You…” Valencia was startled and couldn’t help but take a step back. 
“Both you and Wendy are despicable and need to be taught a lesson! Otherwise, you’ll never understand your place. If you had a better attitude and listened to us, maybe I would consider marrying you myself, without any gift from your family.” 
Keith was used to being spoiled at home. Seeing this, he raised his hand and was ready to slap Simona. 
As his hand was about to come down, Skylar grabbed it. At the same time, she delivered a sharp slap to Keith’s face. 
“How dare you hit me!” Keith’s eyes widened in shock as he covered his face, preparing to retaliate against Skylar. 
Jimmy and Valencia saw their son being hit and moved towards Skylar and Simona to start a fight. 
Just then, the ward door opened. 
###chapter873
Skylar felt a sharp pang in her heart as she looked at Wendy. The latter appeared like a broken doll, with tears in her eyes that never fell. Her face was pale as she stared at her family. 
“Wendy, how are you?” Simona asked urgently upon seeing Wendy. 
When she returned to school, she faced new classmates, all of whom were a year younger than her. The first person to become her friend was Wendy. 
Wendy shook her head weakly. “I… I’m fine.” 
But she knew she could never return to school now. 
Valencia and Jimmy had initially wanted her to skip college and marry right away. Now, with her current condition… they would surely never allow her to return to school. 
“Of course you’re fine! Since you’re fine, hurry up and get discharged. Then, go to the police and clear things up. 
“After that, call the parents of those male classmates and demand compensation. From now on, stay at home and don’t cause any more trouble. You’ve really embarrassed us!” Valencia scolded. 
Wendy’s body trembled violently. Her face grew even paler, but the tears in her eyes remained unmoved.” Mom, I did nothing wrong. They bullied us, it was them.” 
But Valencia, Jimmy, and Keith seemed to be deaf. They acted as if they hadn’t heard her. “You said you did nothing wrong? If you were truly innocent, why would they target you, not someone else? If you hadn’t flirted with them, would they have bullied you?” 
“How disgraceful!” Jimmy spat. 
“Didn’t you hear what Wendy said? You’re the real jerks!” Simona cried out in anguish. 
Wendy must be suffering so much right now. 
Skylar asked coldly, “Do you realize that your comments are helping criminals evade justice? Do you understand the consequences?” 
Keith sneered and said, “What crime? They’re just students. What do students know? We’ll give them a chance if they just apologize and pay up. Don’t t 
Then Keith turned to Wendy, saying, “And Wendy, you should come with us now.” 
Wendy took a step back, her face ashen as she looked at them. Despite her frailty, she held on to her decision with courage. “I don’t want money. I want those boys to pay for what they did today.” 
“Are you out of your mind?” Valencia couldn’t hold back any longer and moved toward Wendy, ready to strike her. 
It was clear that physical abuse had been a common occurrence for Wendy. 
Wendy took another step back, looking at Valencia with despair. “Is it only when I’m dead that you’ll be satisfied? No, I can’t die. Even if I die, you won’t mourn for me.” 
“Go ahead and die if you dare. If you die, we can at least get more money from those boy’s parents. At least then, your death would have some value,” K 
Meanwhile, Jimmy stepped forward and raised his hand, ready to hit Wendy as well. “We sent you to school to find a wealthy husband, and now you’ve been ruined. How dare you speak to us like that! You need a serious lesson.” 
Wendy’s eyes were hollow. She said, “I want to sever ties with all of you.” 
“You ungrateful girl, what are you talking about? Who do you think you are to talk about severing ties? If we didn’t support you, you’d be out begging for scraps!” Valencia roared. 
Just as Jimmy was about to strike Wendy, Skylar stepped in to block him. 
“Did you hear what she said?” Skylar demanded. 
Simona took the opportunity to support Wendy. “Wendy, we’ll face this together. Don’t be afraid.” 
“Get out of the way!” Jimmy tried to push Skylar aside. 
As his hand reached out to touch Skylar, someone kicked Jimmy aside, sending him sprawling. 
“Did they hurt you?” Joe’s face was dark as he checked Skylar for injuries. 
Skylar sighed with relief upon seeing Joe. She had handed her phone to Simona after making a call. 
She was afraid she might not handle the situation well if it escalated. “Who are you? How dare you hit people!” Valencia demanded angrily. 
###chapter874
Joe cast a cold glance at Keith. 
Keith’s fist, which had been raised, suddenly froze. 
With just one look, he could tell that this man was not someone to be trifled with. He wasn’t someone Keith could easily handle. 
“You…” Keith stammered. 
Both Jimmy and Valencia were the type to bully those they perceived as weak and were afraid of those stronger than themselves. 
Especially after Jimmy had been kicked, his face turned pale with fear, and Valencia opened her mouth as if to say something but then hesitated and rem 
“Do you know who you were about to hit?” Joe asked. 
Jimmy, Valencia, and Keith were at a loss for words. Despite their usual bravado with neighbors, facing Joe made them feel as though their mouths were sealed. They couldn’t bring themselves to speak. 
They had initially thought the two girls were easy to intimidate, believing they could handle the situation as they pleased. But now… 
Witnessing Wendy’s family’s pitiful state, Simona felt even more sympathy for Wendy. 
The two of them had already been through an incredibly tough day, and now Wendy had to deal with her family’s abuse as well. 
It was clear just how heartbroken she must be right now. 
“You were about to hit my wife,” Joe said coldly. 
When Skylar heard the term “wife” and saw him standing protectively in front of her, her heart skipped a beat. It suddenly reminded her of his earlier wor 
“We didn’t hit anyone… We didn’t get the chance to.” Jimmy quickly distanced himself from the incident. 
He was relieved they hadn’t actually hit anyone. 
Valencia’s eyes flickered as she said, “It’s all a misunderstanding. We’re not the kind of people who hit others.” 
“We’re victims‘ family, and we’re just emotional right now. You came to cause trouble for us.” Keith quickly defended. 
Wendy trembled with anger at the sight of their complete lack of accountability. 
“Don’t listen to their nonsense. They were just saying that Wendy and I were at fault, and they even tried 
to extort money from the perpetrators. They’re despicable!” Simona seethed with rage. 
Joe’s gaze suddenly turned sharp. His imposing presence, already intimidating, now struck fear into everyone present. 
“We… We didn’t say anything wrong. If you hadn’t hung out with those guys, they wouldn’t have bullied you. As girls, you should be more self– disciplined and avoid associating with boys.” Valencia’s eyes flickered as she stubbornly protested. 
Besides, Valencia believed that young girls today were shameless, acting high and mighty simply because they were young. 
“Shut up! All of you, just shut up!” Wendy shouted in despair at her family. 
Every word they uttered was another wound for her. They were supposed to be her family. 
All this time, she had dreamed of getting out. She thought that once she earned money and could provide for them, they would treat her better and no longer push her to marry someone wealthy. But she had been na?ve. 
Simona cried uncontrollably. “Wendy…” 
“You ungrateful girl, do you know what you’re saying? Who gave you the nerve? Do you think just because someone else is here, we won’t dare hit you? 
“You’re already disgraceful enough, and now you dare to tell us to be quiet. I’ll teach you a lesson right now.” Valencia approached Wendy, raising her ha 
Wendy trembled violently. Years of being beaten had made her forget how to defend herself. 
Fortunately, Simona reacted quickly and shielded Wendy. 
Skylar quickly grabbed Valencia’s hand as it swung toward Simona. 
“What you just said and did is all recorded,” Skylar said coldly. 
“Get out,” Joe ordered with a chilling tone. 
###chapter875
Valencia shivered in fear. She glanced back at Jimmy and Keith. 
“We’re taking Wendy with us. You can’t stop us from taking her. She’s got nothing to do with you. This hospital is outrageously expensive, and we don’t have the money to pay for her stay,” Valencia said. She swallowed her fear as she pointed at Wendy. 
Wendy’s face turned ashen. If she left with them, it would be the end for her. But she knew her family all too well and couldn’t let them drag Simona down with her. 
Just as she felt she had no choice but to leave with them, Skylar said coldly, “The police have already opened an investigation. The costs of her hospital stay suspects and their families.” 
Wendy immediately snapped back to her senses. “I can’t go with you. I need to seek justice for myself.” 
“Justice? What justice? You’ve already been raped. Do you want to make it public and humiliate yourself further? The most important thing now is to get compensation. Isn’t that what you want?” Valencia seethed, her teeth grinding. 
All these years, she felt like she had raised nothing but a burden. 
“This is our family matter. How we handle it is none of your concern. You can sue us all you want, but stay out of our business,” Keith added, avoiding Joe’a gaze. His words were directed at Skylar an Simona 
Their shamelessness was enough to shock anyone’s sense of morality. 
Wendy tightly gripped Simona’s hand, biting her lips hard. She knew that no one was going to help her. Throughout her life, she had never received help 
Even when neighbors saw her being beaten, they only frowned. Sometimes, if her cries were too loud and her pain too intense, they might come over and offer a word or two of advice. 
But their advice only led to her being punished more severely. 
And all her suffering was simply because she was a girl. They couldn’t find a buyer willing to pay the price they were satisfied with. 
Just when Wendy thought her situation was completely hopeless, Skylar, who was protecting Simona, spoke up to help her once more. She said, “Wendy just turned 18 this year. She’s of legal age now, and you have no right to dictate her choices.” 
18… 
She almost forgot that she was already 18. She had just celebrated her 18th birthday. She was officially an adult now. The perverse control of her twisted 
Wendy looked up at Skylar, her eyes reddened but now holding a glimmer of hope. 
“What does being 18 matter? She’s my daughter. Since I gave birth to her, whether she’s 18, 28, or 38, she 
has to do as I say. Even if I beat her to death today, no one can stop me,” Valencia shouted. 
She was too ignorant, legally bound, and utterly immoral. 
Skylar felt a familiar suffocating sensation, reminiscent of what she had felt dealing with the Williams family in her past life. Perhaps, having faced such adversity herself, she didn’t want to see anyone else mired in such a swamp of helplessness. 
She glanced at the bruised Wendy, then at the sobbing Simona, and finally turned her gaze to Joe. “They just slandered Simona and tried to threaten me. Can we get a lawyer to sue them?” 
“Yes,” Joe replied, his gaze settling on her. He noticed the pain flickering in her eyes and felt a pang of sympathy. 
He knew Skylar had been mistreated by the Williams family before. But he never considered how deep the psychological scars left by those people had been for Skylar. 
Joe collected his thoughts and looked up toward a short distance. He said, “Come over here.” 
Only then did everyone notice that a few hospital security guards had arrived at the far end of the hallway. The security guards, hearing Joe’s call, promptly strode over. 
###chapter876
The Specters had never seen people like Joe and Skylar. It was as though nothing they said was of any importance. A simple order from Joe and Skylar was enough to sentence them to death. 
The power imbalance was like that between kings and peasants. They were suffocated by the sheer helplessness of the situation. 
Joe and Skylar were nothing like their old neighbors or friends. Back then, they traded insults. Whoever lasted the longer in the argument won. 
“You’ve disrupted the peace of our patients. Just now, we heard you threatening the other patients and their families. You’re posing a threat to our hospital’s safety. Please leave the hospital now. If not, we’ll call the police immediately.” After walking over, the hea 
When Jimmy and Keith saw the intimidating guards, they were too scared to continue speaking. They’d shrunk into themselves slightly after Joe showed up. Now, they were too scared to even say a word. They looked at Valencia for guidance. 
Valencia paled and said, “You’ve got this wrong. She’s my daughter. We would like to get her discharged.” 
He said, “Please.” 
Valencia paled helplessly. She could only look at Wendy and mock her, “Did you think they would help you? Don’t forget who raised you. If you knew what’s best for you, you’d come with us right now.” 
When the time came, they’d ask for a handsome sum. This would put their family on track for a comfortable life. What was so bad about it? What would justice and punishment for those boys do? They’d slept with her anyway. Why would she prefer justice over money? It was ridi 
Valencia’s eyes flashed. It told Wendy that she would regret it when they got home if she refused to obey. 
Wendy was pale under Valencia’s glare. She nearly fainted from the terror. 
However, a voice inside her head insisted that she needed to get justice. Those devils had to be punished by the law. They destroyed her. She wouldn’t let it slide. If she did, what was the point of continuing to live? She would spend her life going through the mot 
Wendy took a deep breath, gathered every fiber of courage in her body, and declared, “I’m not leaving.” 
“You!” Valencia was furious. If there hadn’t been an audience looking on, she would’ve given Wendy a good beating. She would be obedient after that! 
The head of security ordered, “Call the police.” 
“Wait! We’re leaving now!” Valencia’s expression changed. 
Before Jimmy and Keith left, they glared at Wendy like she was their enemy rather than a loved one. They might’ve preferred a dog over Wendy. 
After they left, Wendy fainted. 
Simona was terrified. She exclaimed, “Skylar W–Wendy fainted!” 
“I’ll get a doctor.” Skylar immediately set out to get a doctor, but Joe stopped her. He instructed, “Stay here with them. I’ll find him.” 
Skylar met Joe’s eyes. She felt like the distance between them had disappeared. 
“Alright.” Wendy was doing worse than Simona. Other than the bruises on her, she was also covered in burns. It was a horrible sight. Even the nurse cou 
She told Skylar about Wendy’s situation, “She probably gets beaten up often. There are fresh wounds layered on top of old wounds. She even broke a rib before, not to mention her malnutrition. I suspect that she’s a victim of human trafficking. Tho 
If they had been her biological parents, they wouldn’t have treated her like that. 
Simona exhausted herself by crying. She went to sleep in a neighboring bed. 
Skylar glanced at Simona while she was fast asleep and thanked the nurse. 
###chapter877
After the nurse left, Skylar left the room and saw Joe leaning against the outside wall. 
“Aiken texted me just now, He’ll be arriving at the hospital soon. It’s almost dawn. Are you tired? Would you like to go home and take a rest?” 
Joe suddenly grabbed her hand and embraced her. He whispered into her ear, “The Williamses treated you like that too, hadn’t they?” 
Skylar’s eyes welled up with tears. The hurt she’d sequestered away after the downfall of the Williamses came to the surface once more. Although it was 
“It’s all in the past. I had a relatively happy childhood in comparison to Wendy’s. I had a loving mom and brothers who pampered me. My experience with 
Skylar had been given a chance to try again. However, many people didn’t have this chance. Wendy was one of them. 
Wendy had just turned 18. She had her whole life ahead of her. If Skylar could, she wanted to lend Wendy a helping hand. Skylar wouldn’t expect Wendy 
In her last life, Gloria helped her and the Sullivans family during her surgery without expecting any reparations. On the contrary, the Williamses had been 
“I would like to sponsor Wendy’s education, but I don’t want her to know that I’m behind it. Could you help me with this?” Skylar asked 
Joe caressed her head and promised, “I’ll get it done.” 
Aiken had been coming over from the other side of the corridor. However, when he saw Skylar and Joe embracing in front of the room, he took a step ba 
He took the phone offered to him by one of his men. A few videos depicted what had happened. Aiken watched how the Specters insulted Simona and Wendy. 
Aiken didn’t give a damn whether they could’ve driven Wendy to death. However, they shouldn’t have touched Simona, 
“Look into the Specters and teach them a lesson.” 
“Mr. Parkinson, how severe should they be schooled?” 
Aiken pulled a cigarette out. However, he remembered that he was in a hospital. Thus, he held it between his teeth without lighting it. Then, he answered, “Go at it however you wish as long as they remain alive at the end of it.” 
Half an hour later, Skylar and Joe left the hospital. They both fell asleep on the way home. 
After arriving at Galaxy Villa, they took a shower and napped for another two hours separately. When morning came, Skylar headed off to work. 
When she left, Joe hadn’t woken up yet. 
She’d just clocked in when she ran into Caleb, who’d been waiting for her. He seemed rather down and greeted his other colleagues weakly. 
Upon seeing Skylar, he approached her immediately. 
“Um… I heard some rumors going around about what happened at Woodman High. I think a few students bullied Simona and another girl. The school ha
Although Caleb posed it as a question, he had the answer to it. 
If the news got to him, it meant that it was unquestionably true. After all, no one dared tell him fake news about Simona. 
###chapter878
Caleb scratched his head. He didn’t dare to look at Skylar, terrified that she would nod. 
“I sent Simona multiple texts and called her. She didn’t pick up nor offer me any reply. I went to Apollo Hospital yesterday. I saw Simona, Aiken, Joe, and you there.” 
Skylar acknowledged Caleb’s worries. She replied lowly, “It would be best not to disturb Simona during this period of time.” 
Caleb’s expression changed. Although he knew the outcome of what happened, he was still furious. Caleb hissed through gritted teeth. “They’ve got a de 
Simona was an extremely proud girl. It looked like she cared about nothing. She was outgoing and extroverted. However, she had a pure heart. Those k 
“Let’s go upstairs first,” said Skylar. 
Caleb clenched his jaw and nodded. 
When they went upstairs and were alone together, Skylar asked Caleb with a frown, “Does this mean that all the students of Woodman High have found 
Had the news got out after just a night? 
The police were handling it while the students weren’t in school. The principals and teachers would be investigated as well. It was natural for people to fi 
However, this wasn’t a good thing for Simona and Wendy. They would be faced with a slew of rumors upon returning to school. 
“I think only a few students found out. They said that those who bullied Simona and Wendy bragged about 
it to a few male students. Although the school prohibited them from talking about it, I believe the students would talk about it amongst themselves anywa 
He really wanted to choke the people who bullied her. 
Although Aiken wouldn’t let them off, they were utter assholes. Skylar’s expression was grim. Caleb didn’t continue talking about it. Thankfully, her work o 
When Skylar was done, she saw that Joe had called her. She called him back. 
“Have you woken up?” asked Skylar. 
It was 11:00 am sharp. 
Joe replied, “I’m at the office now, I’ve told Paul to handle the affairs related to your intention to sponsor Wendy. He’s working on it.” 
Skylar thanked him and said, “After work, I’ll be going to the hospital.” 
“Alright.” 
They chatted for a bit before hanging up. 
Skylar daydreamed for a bit as she looked at her phone 
A text came in just as she was about to pocket her phone. 
“Skylar, I’m Vera. Could we talk in person?” 
She was surprised to see that it was from a number she didn’t know. When did she exchange contact information with Vera? Why did she have no memo 
Suddenly, Skylar remembered that someone had added her contact card without saying hi. She’d thought it was a client, but after that, she forgot about 
So it turned out to be Vera. 
“Sorry, I’ll be busy for the next few days. It’s not very convenient. If you’ve got anything to say, just tell me now.” 
She wasn’t interested in meeting Vera privately. 
After everything the Ruells had gone through and Vera gave in to her, Skylar’s relationship with Vera had become even more strained. 
It would be best if they didn’t interact. 
Vera said nothing else. 
###chapter879
 
During lunch, Vera replied, “Some things are better said in person. Since you’ll be busy for the next few days, I’ll ask you out some other time.” 
Skylar replied, “Alright.” 
Vera sat in a café with a laptop in front of her. She was checking through her inbox. In the past week, she had hired a private investigator to investigate what had happened to Skylar and the Williamses. 
Now, some of the Williamses were dead, and others were missing. Some were even in jail. Samuel was the only one they could find. He returned to his village and began selling burritos. 
The reason why the Williamses fell so fast was because the Martin Group worked behind the scenes to cause their downfall. 
Although they didn’t do so publicly, as a member of the Ruell family, she could see through the mist of  what was going on. 
As the true daughter of the Williams family, she was truly merciless to her biological parents. She watched with hands folded as the Williamses fell to where they were now. 
Thus, Skylar was a more cruel person than she was. In addition, parental love didn’t seem to matter to her. Even though her biological parents hadn’t raised her, and they treated their adopted daughter better than they did her, she shouldn’t have watched on from the sidelines. One could even say she’d exacerbated the issue. 
The Martin Group added oil to the fire, thus ensuring the Williamses would never come back. Joe should’ve been Skylar’s worst enemy. Yet, she married him? Why would she do that? 
Also, wasn’t Joe scared that Skylar would betray him? 
Vera narrowed her eyes and continued reading through the information about Skylar in her inbox. 
When Skylar returned to the hospital, Simona and Wendy had gotten much better. 
“Skylar, I’m fine. You must be exhausted. You stayed over to keep me company in the hospital last night and had to head to work the next morning. Go back and rest. I’m alright.” Simona didn’t want Skylar to worry about her too much. 
A day had passed, and she’d calmed down. When Simona saw Wendy go against the world alone, she felt the need to stay strong even more. This couldn’t take her down. She would face those devils with Wendy! As Simona and Skylar spoke, Wendy watched on, feeling slightly envious. 
Aiken had stayed at the hospital for the whole day. Whenever the police discovered new leads, they would call Aiken to update him. Wendy knew that she would make the perpetrators pay as long as she didn’t give up. 
However, she'd never received such love and concern from her family.
Although she was envious, Wendy wasn't jealous.
On the way to the hospital, Skylar had bought two bowls of chicken soup and some cakes.
"I bought this while I was coming here. Try it and see whether you girls like it. If you do, I'll buy them tomorrow."
"Do I get some too?" Wendy was surprised. She eyed Skylar hesitantly.
Skylar nodded with a smile and said, "Of course. Try them out."
Tears sparkled in Wendy's eyes as she thanked Skylar. Then, she sipped at her soup slowly.
As Simona ate, she told Skylar about Wendy's plans. She intended to cut ties with her parents. She'd submitted the evidence of her abuse to the police.
"They did raise me after all. When they grow old and need my care down the road, I'll pay them a substantive amount. However, I won't have anything to do with them. I've grown up now. I can take ca of myself. I'll take the college entrance exams and get into my dream college."
In the beginning, she didn't like telling others about her plans. However, Skylar seemed to exude a presence that made Wendy feel like she could trust Skylar. She wanted to talk about it.
Wendy would work during the summer holidays. When she entered college, she would pay for it hersel and get loans if possible. Wendy would persevere. Simona added, "I invited her to stay at mine, but she turned me down."
"Simona, I don't want to trouble anyone. I can survive on my own," Wendy told Simona seriously.
Just as Skylar was about to say something, Aiken walked in.
"Have you had dinner? We could have dinner at the canteen, if that's alright with you."
###chapter880
“Thanks, but I ate before coming here,” Skylar turned Aiken down politely. 
After getting off work, she felt a little hungry. While she was buying food for the girls, she had something to eat too. 
Aiken nodded and said, “Alright.” Then, he walked out of the room. 
Simona and Wendy didn’t have much of an appetite. They didn’t eat a lot. 
Skylar chatted with them for a while. Then, the police arrived. She left the room and waited outside. 
Aiken finished his dinner and stood beside her. 
“Thank you so much for what you’ve done in the past few days. If not for you, Simona wouldn’t have calmed down so fast,” Aiken said softly. 
“Simona is very strong. She had regained her spirits after calming down yesterday. She doesn’t want to make you worry.” Skylar glanced at Aiken. He’d seemed paler after the events of the past few days. There was a crease between his brows that 
Skylar understood how he was feeling. Anyone would be enraged if their sister, whom they’d pampered growing up, had gotten bullied. 
Aiken looked at the floor to hide the emotions swirling in his eyes. He didn’t want to freak Skylar out. “Simona likes to keep her thoughts to herself. I got her a psychologi 
“With the help of the psychologist, I’m sure Simona will be fine.” Skylar had intended to suggest Aiken hire a psychologist. Simona was stil young. She n 
Although they could stay by Simona’s side while she faced all this, they couldn’t give her inner peace and chase her nightmares away for her. 
Aiken agreed, adding. “The psychologist will also conduct therapy sessions for Wendy.” 
Skylar was a little surprised. Although she hadn’t known Aiken for long, she could tell he wasn’t the type to stick his nose into other’s business. 
However, she’d heard a nurse talking about how Aiken was paying for Wendy’s treatment. He’d even hired a lawyer for her. 
The policemen left the hospital room after taking their statements. Skylar and Aiken walked in together. The girls seemed down. Perhaps it was because 
Simona looked up and asked Alken, “They will pay for what they’ve done, right?” 
“Definitely,” Aiken promised firmly. 
Every single person who hurt his sister would pay for it 
Wendy glanced up at Aiken tearily and said, “Thanks for hiring a lawyer for me. In the future… when I make a fortune, I’ll repay you the medical fees and the legal fees. Thank you so much!” 
“Alright.” Aiken nodded. 
Skylar stood by them silently. 
Chanelic 
When Simona and Wendy had fallen asleep, she took her leave. 
Aiken suggested that he could fetch her home. 
“I drove today. I can get home on my own. Simona needs you here,” Skylar replied softly. 
“I’ll walk with you to the parking lot.” 
As they left the eighth floor and headed to the underground parking lot, they ran into Rowan and Jenny. They’d just parked their car and were chatting as 
“Actually, I’m fine. I could’ve waited till tomorrow to come to the hospital. Most of the doctors have 
gotten off work by now. My symptoms aren’t serious. It’s just mild diarrhea and weakness. Rowan, you’re pampering me,” said Jenny coquettishly. 
Her arm was hooked around his. When she looked up at him, it was as though he was the only person in her universe. 
Rowan loved it when Jenny looked at him like that. She could see no one else but him. He said, “You’ve got to come to the hospital if you’re not feeling w
###chapter881
Rowan was skilled at pleasing girls. In a few sentences, he could fool her into thinking that he adored her. 
“Alright. I like being pampered by you anyway.” Jenny thought he adored her too. He would come running to her with just a crook of her finger. 
In addition, Rowan had said that his engagement with Minerva was an order from his family. He would call off their engagement as soon as possible. 
They were the only ones in each other’s eyes and only noticed Aiken and Skylar when they got close. 
Jenny’s expression changed when she caught sight of Skylar. She gripped Rowan’s hand. 
Rowan wasn’t bothered. He greeted Skylar. Then, he said, “What a coincidence to meet you here. You, you guys… 
He glanced at Alken. Why was Skylar at the hospital with him? 
“We were visiting friends here. How about you?” Skylar eyed their interlocked hands. When had they gotten together? Did Rowan know about her? 
Skylar knew what was going on when Jenny refused to meet her eyes. Rowan didn’t know. 
Rowan hadn’t intended to keep his relationship with Jenny a secret. He said honestly, “Jenny felt under the weather so I took her to the hospital.” 
Although Jenny was silent, she glanced at Skylar and Aiken out of the corner of her eye. They looked like they knew each other well. Jenny had heard o 
However, that couldn’t be further from the truth, judging from what Jenny saw now. On the contrary, he seemed to be getting along with Skylar excellentl 
A thought popped into Jenny’s head. Skylar hadn’t cheated on Joe with Aiken, had she? If not, why would she show up at the hospital with Aiken? 
“Alright, go see a doctor. I’ll take my leave,” Skylar said emotionlessly. 
Rowan agreed and led Jenny to the elevator. 
Inside, Jenny’s eyes darted around. She murmured, “Why would Skylar and Aiken show up together? You know Aiken too, right? I heard that he was a p 
Jenny thought that she should look into Skylar’s relationship with Joe. Perhaps this would become blackmail material. 
Rowan frowned and reprimanded, “Don’t run your mouth. Skylar isn’t what you’ve thought her out to be. Her relationship with Aiken is not what you’re ex 
Even though Rowan didn’t know why Skylar was in the hospital with Aiken, he knew that Skylar wasn’t the type of woman Jenny thought she was. 
“Why are you so protective over her? You’ve only seen her a handful of times, right? Rowan, be honest with me. Do you have a crush on Skylar too? Sh Gorgeous and capable. Joe likes her, and Alken might like her too. As for you. Do you like her too?” Jenny probed suspiciously 
Why did so many people like Skylar? Why? 
Rowan’s expression turned icy. He scolded, “What are you talking about? If Skylar heard you, how would I meet with her in the future? I like Skylar, but I 
###chapter882
Jenny’s eyes widened. She couldn’t believe Rowan was throwing a fit at her for Skylar. All sense of logic left her. 
She complained angrily, “How dare you shout at me for Skylar? Rowan, would you dare to swear that you harbor no romantic intentions for Skylar on oath? You know she 
That was the truth. It had to be. Skylar was a bitch. She tried to prove her charm by flirting men. If not, Joe wouldn’t have investigated Jenny. She wouldn’t have lost all hope with Joe. 
Rowan was floored. Jenny seemed like a stranger to him. with different 
He’d thought she was a little princess in need of protection. Her cruel words and jealous outlook were a stark contrast to that. He didn’t know her at all. 
Rowan pushed Jenny away. He said, “I don’t think I know you enough. Go see the doctor yourself. Give us some time to calm down.” 
This terrified Jenny. She calmed down suddenly and grabbed Rowan’s arm in an attempt to stop him from leaving. 
She stared at him with tears in her eyes and said, “Rowan, I’m sorry. I was too concerned about you. I didn’t mean to imply that you were having an affai 
Rowan gave Jenny a long, hard look. She was like a stranger to him. He hadn’t really sat himself down calmly to contemplate why Jenny suddenly chan 
Jenny said that she found out he was the one she adored after going through some hardships. Was that the truth? 
Jenny noticed that the displeasure and confusion in his eyes hadn’t dissipated. She panicked internally and reminded herself not to act on impulse. She 
Skylar emerged from the shower at 9:00 pm. Joe had taken a bath in the guest bathroom. She ran into Joe when he came out with dripping hair, 
got something I want to talk to you about,” Joe said. He signaled for her to get into the bed. 
She nodded and replied, “Let me change into my pajamas first.” 
She headed into the dressing room and got changed quickly. 
When she got into the bed, Joe enveloped her in a hug. Skylar froze. She picked up on a change in Joe’s mood. He’d placed his forehead on her should 
“What’s going on?” 
Joe said nothing. He continued holding on to her. 
After ten minutes, Joe explained, “Today is the anniversary of my mom’s death.” 
Her anniversary? 
Skylar’s heart sank. She turned around and hugged Joe. They were entwined with each other.. 
She could tell that Joe was down. Talia committed suicide by jumping off a building. Her death would be an eternal wound on Joe’s heart, according to w
Joe had been a child–back then. He saw his mom commit suicide before his eyes. Then, he witnessed his father’s multiple one– night stands. His perfect family of three disintegrated within seconds. He could only rely on himself. 
If not, his relatives would’ve descended upon him like wolves to rob him of everything he had. 
###chapter883
After a while, they fell asleep nestled in each other’s arms. 
Skylar woke up at three in the morning and realized that the lights were still on. She got out of bed and turned the lights off. Then, she got back into bed. 
The second did so, Joe dragged her back into his embrace. Perhaps he badly needed companionship on a day like this. 
Habits had ingrained themselves in Skylar without her realizing. In the beginning, she’d felt awkward when Joe held her while they were falling asleep. Now, she was knocked out the second he held her. 
This was similar to how Skylar sometimes felt like her marriage with Joe could last for the rest of their lives. 
“Why don’t you take a tour of my company during the weekends?” Joe sounded highly alert. His voice broke through the heavy midnight silence. 
Skylar agreed, “Alright.” 
The next morning, they chatted leisurely at breakfast. Skylar mentioned running into Rowan and Jenny at the hospital. 
The Jakemans wouldn’t let them be together,” stated Joe. 
Skylar didn’t comment further on it. 
Clearly, Joe had discovered what was going on between Jenny and Rowan, Rowan would find out what happened between her and Edwin soon. 
Harold Zane, the headmaster of Woodman High, visited Simona and Wendy in the hospital. He was accompanied by Tom Black, a teacher. 
Simona had never talked about her background at school, so Harold and Tom had no idea she hailed from such a powerful family. Aiken wasn’t someon 
A few of the perpetrator’s parents had come to school crying about how they’d lost their jobs. 
All of them were performing students. When the teachers checked on them at the detention center, they confirmed that the boys had done so on a whim 
They were teenagers who acted without thinking things through, not knowing the consequences of their actions. 
Thus, they came to the hospital to convince Simona and Wendy so they would ask for more compensation. Perhaps this would save the boys‘ future. 
However, when they arrived at Simona’s room, they saw Aiken taking a call. They swallowed their words. 
Aiken looked at Harold and Tom blankly. He asked, “Did you both come to the hospital right after leaving the detention center?” 
This stunned them 
“If I’m not mistaken, my company has been sponsoring many of Woodman High’s projects for the past. decade. Now, it looks like you don’t deserve it. You’re unwilling to make the perpetrators take responsibility for their actions. 
His calm demeanor was the most terrifying part of this. It was a covert threat. 
In addition, Aiken knew about how they’d gone to the detention center and the intentions they harbored upon coming to the hospital. 
Harold calmed down quickly. He pleaded, “The children have realized how problematic their actions were. Their parents are willing to provide compensa children. Can’t you have mercy on them?” 
Some of their parents owned companies, others were board members of huge corporations, and another was Harold’s nephew. They’d be removed from 
In addition, Woodman High couldn’t get involved in a scandal. Harold was about to retire, and this happened right before he did so. He probably wouldn’ 
Aiken roared. “Bullshit!” 
Harold and Tom’s faces fell. 
“You” 
“They bragged about it to their friends afterward. Does it look like they’ve realized how problematic their actions were? Why don’t you try being bullied? T 
“Y–You can’t make such a hypothesis.” Harold and Tom were floored. 
Aiken grinned and replied, “It’s not a hypothesis.” 
Their mouths fell open. 
###chapter884
Blood drained from Harold and Tom’s faces. They regretted coming over to get involved in this messy affair. However, they had no choice. 
Yet… 
“Wendy’s parents sought me out saying that they would like compensation. As long as it was enough, they wouldn’t take legal action against the boys,” s 
Aiken raised a brow. He dialed a number and said on the phone, “The principal of Woodman High told me that you only want compensation. You don’t w those assholes. Is that true?” 
He then put the phone on speaker. 
Jimmy denied desperately, “No, Impossible. We don’t want monetary compensation. We want them to pay for it! Right, they must pay for what they’ve do 
“Have you heard that? Aiken hung up and stared at them emotionlessly. 
Harold and Tom could only leave dejectedly. 
Aiken’s eyes glinted coldly as he watched them slink away. 
When Skylar arrived at the hospital, she noticed that something was off. 
Aiken stood by the door of Simona’s room with an unlit cigarette between his teeth. He was clearly in a horrible mood. 
“How are Simona and Wendy doing?” 
Aiken glanced at Skylar. The darkness swirling in his eyes dissipated. He said, “They’ve just finished dinner and are reading now.” 
“Are you fou 
you feeling ill?” asked Skylar. 
Heat pooled in Aiken’s eyes as he scanned Skylar greedily. He averted his eyes immediately after. “Ten minutes ago, the principal of Woodman High came over with a teacher. They wanted to beg for those assholes and grovel for our forgiveness.” 
Skylar frowned. She said, “Ever since Simona and Wendy were bullied, the school hasn’t taken their stand. Do you mean that they’d come to plead the c 
This explained why Aiken looked displeased. He looked up at Skylar. 
Skylar then asked, “How did you respond to them?” 
Aiken repeated what he’d told them to the letter. 
“Everyone can be a saint if it doesn’t happen to them. When it does happen to them, they’ll insist that it isn’t funny anymore!” Skylar chuckled coldly. 
Aiken rarely saw Skylar so pissed off. Initially, he’d thought she would think he was being too cruel. Aiken worried that she might look down on him. 
Skylar appeared weak. However, she was powerful on the inside. 
“I promised Simona that those perpetrators would get what they deserved.” 
Skylar nodded. She exclaimed, “They have to pay for it! No one has the right to make the victims forgive them after a dismissive apology.” 
Aiken looked down at Skylar and said, “You’re right.” 
Someone interjected, “Ms. Sullivan, what a coincidence. And… Aiken. What are you two doing here?” 
Skylar looked back to see Vera approaching. The former suddenly remembered that the latter’s family members were still hospitalized. 
###chapter885
“I’ve come to visit a friend of mine,” Skylar replied coolly. 
Aiken added, “Me too.” 
Vera’s eyes darted between theth. What a coincidence. Here to see friends? 
While she was walking over, Vera noticed how Aiken had been staring at Skylar. It didn’t seem like an innocent look. 
“Ms. Sullivan, I was wondering whether you’d be able to spend half an hour having some coffee with me?” 
Skylar knew that Vera wouldn’t give up easily. She tried repeatedly to talk to her alone, and if she failed this time, she would only try again. 
With that in mind… 
“Alright.” 
Half an hour later, they walked into a café opposite the hospital. At this hour, there weren’t many people in there. 
After sitting down, Skylar ordered a cup of water. Vera got a coffee. She sipped at it. Then, she glanced up at Skylar. 
She had to admit that Skylar was extremely composed despite the fact that she’d been brought up in a relatively poor family in the village. Vera didn’t be 
Vera couldn’t make sense of why Joe married Skylar. They didn’t look particularly in love. 
“Get to the point, Ms. Ruell.” Skylar glanced at the clock before meeting Vera’s inquisitive gaze. 
Vera smiled and said, “I know you and Joe are married.” 
Skylar’s eyes flashed. She asked, “So?” 
“I would like to know how you met Joe. Based on my understanding, the two of you hadn’t seen each other much. Was it… a flash marriage?” Vera scrut to see her reaction. 
She wanted to know why Joe would agree to the flash marriage with Skylar. What about her made Joe. indulge in such an impulsive decision? Just beca 
Many people had similar abilities in Jipsburg. That definitely wasn’t the reason why he did so. 
Vera found out Skylar had a boyfriend during her research. He’d left Jipsburg now. 
Skylar could abandon her high–school sweetheart for Joe. How heartless. She was really a scheming woman. 
Her eyes were dark as she shot back with a twisted smile, “Why should I tell you this? These are my private matters. If you’re curious about things between Joe and I, go ask him yourself.” 
Skylar couldn’t get a read on Vera. She could’ve had this conversation with Joe. Why was she insistent on talking to Skylar? 
Vera’s expression changed. She commented, “I think you harbor strong animosity toward me. This is just a casual chat.” 
She was extremely alert. Her marriage with Joe must’ve been a product of her schemes, exactly as Vera expected. 
Skylar sipped at her water. Then, she grinned mockingly and replied, “I didn’t think we were close enough friends to have casual chats. I’ve got somethin 
“Wait! Do you harbor such animosity against me because you’re scared Joe will divorce you for me? After you set out those two conditions for us, you’ve 
The more she spoke, the more she felt like she’d hit the nail on the head. 
Skylar glared at Vera coldly. “Are you done?” 
“No. Since we’re on the topic, I’ll be honest with you. Joe and I have known each other for years. We knew that we’d get married back then. Our marriag 
“I’ve been too capricious recently. I ignored his opinions in my pursuit of freedom and left him to take on the world himself. Then, he waited for me for years. You know why you two married each other. Thus, I would like you to propose for divorce with Joe. You can ask me for anything. I’ll agre
###chapter886
Vera hadn't planned to skirt around the topic. She watched for Skylar's reaction after speaking.
Skylar felt like she'd heard this before somewhere. Annie had said something along those lines. Molly had even offered her a cheque to get her to divorce Joe.
"Why should I be the one to propose a divorce? You should be confident that you'll be able to get him to divorce me of your own accord. After all, you for one another for years, Skylar asked her mockingly.
If Joe had asked her for a divorce, she would've agreed in a heartbeat. Clinging on to her to get her to change her mind wouldn't get Vera very far. This made Vera's expression sour. She couldn't
tell Joe all of this. Vera was a proud woman. Even though Joe's marriage bothered her greatly, she couldn't tell anyone about it.
Many people in Jipsburg thought that Joe was waiting for her and that she would be the only woman who would become Joe's wife. Vera believed so From the beginning, Vera had thought that Joe was trying to piss her off. He wouldn't have married Skylar otherwise. Even though she held that belief Vera took a deep breath and said, "I asked you to bring the divorce up because I didn't want Joe to feel guilty over this."
"Your plans are very well thought out, Ms. Ruell."
"I won't make you get a divorce for nothing. After all, you weren't married for long. I'll compensate you thoroughly. Skylar, let's be honest here. Tell me She'd asked for 20 million just to help them get rid of the negative items. Skylar would definitely ask for more when it came to getting divorced. Skylar pulled a hundred-
dollar bill out of her purse and placed it on the table. She said, "This coffee is r treat. I've only got one condition. Joe has to hand me the divorce agree "I hope this is the last time you seek me out to talk about this. If there's anything between you and Joe, that's your problem. Settle it with him." Vera frowned. She sat there trying to calm her fury.
Skylar was unshakeable? Did she really think Joe would never ask her for a divorce? Alright, Vera would watch how Skylar fared in the end! She pulled her phone out and scrolled through her contacts. She called someone. They picked up quickly. "Are you Christopher Fowler?" "I am. Who are you?"
"You don't need to know who I am. I
would like to check with you
concerning your relationship v Skylar. Was she your ex? with
Did she
dump you?" asked Vera. 
Christopher said hesitantly, "What are you trying to do? Tell me now. If you're unclear on your intentions, I'll hang up."
Vera rolled her eyes and said, "I
know you've left Jipsburg and went home to start a fondue restaurant It has been losing money and you've incurred huge amounts of debt for it, right? I'll give you another chance at life. How is that?" 
"Another chance at life? What chance would that be?"
"You'll know if you come to Jipsburg."
Christopher was silent for a long time. He was probably hesitant out of terror.
Vera guessed why. She said, "Are
you scared of Skylar or Joe? If
they're the ones you're scared of, don't worry. I come from the Rue!! family No one will touch you if
you're under my protection. Even the Martins have to show us deference."
With this promise, Christopher bit his lip. Then, he agreed, "Alright, I'll head to Jipsburg!"
On Saturday, Skylar and Joe went to the Martin Group after breakfast.
The only people left were a security guard and a receptionist.
When the receptionist saw Joe with Skylar, he thought he saw a ghost with him.
###chapter887
This was the first time the guard had seen Joe bring a woman. Although she was dumbfounded, she schooled her expression into one of composure.
After Joe and Skylar got into the elevator, she texted Paul, “Mr. Ziegler, Mr. Martin brought a gorgeous woman with him to the office.
"Is she his future wife? Mr. Martin seems to treat her very well. He helped her hold the door while they entered the elevator and invited her in before hi For everyone else, this was merely a gentlemanly act. However, Joe never behaved like that.
Hadn't everyone said that Vera would be his future wife, as mentioned in the newspaper's gossip column? Anyone who saw them would've thought s
Paul replied a few minutes later, "Believe in your intuition, but don't indulge in too much gossip."
She got what he meant in a second. Skylar was Joe's wife. However, she wasn't allowed to tell anyone else about it.
Skylar and Joe took the elevator straight to his office. The whole floor belonged to
him. It was great vantage point. They could see the entire skyline of Jipsburg from his window.
"Do you like it?" Joe asked. He noticed Skylar lost in thought as she stared out the windows.
Skylar looked back at him and said, "This is the first time I've looked at Jipsburg from this angle. It's a weird feeling."
Joe smirked and said, "I'll take you to the top floor later."
"Alright."
She began scanning Joe's office. It was simply decorated. He had no antiques on show. Instead, he had a few modern art pieces. In such circumstances, there was noway he'd have any negative items.
Skylar smiled. Joe was very alert in this aspect. Perhaps it was because of Skylar, as he'd seen her dealing with many negative items.
Then, she strode to his desk. It was sparsely populated. He had a computer, a file, as well as a penholder with a few fountain pens inside. Skylar could his table during the weekday, which Joe needed to scan through.
Joe had been trailing behind Skylar When she paused in front of his desk, he raised a brow. He used to have more things on his desk He'd cleaned them out recently 
"Is there a problem?"
Skylar was about to shake her head when her eyes caught on the penholder. She said, "It looks alright. But can I look at these pens and the penholde "Yeah." Joe followed her gaze.
There were a few pens inside. He usually used them to sign contracts.
Skylar scrutinized the penholder after pulling the pens out. It was a beautiful modern piece. There wasn't anything wrong with it
Yet...
She felt something off just now while looking at it.
Then, she examined each pen one by one.
Her gaze sharpened when she saw a luxurious custom fountain pen. Skylar popped the cap off.
###chapter888
 
It looked no different from a regular fountain pen.
Just as Skylar was about to unscrew the pen to take a look inside, Joe said abruptly, "This isn't my pen."
Skylar turned back to look at hint and asked, “What do you mean it's not yours?"
"I've never used it before." Confusion shimmered in Joe's eyes.
Had he taken someone else's pen on accident during a meeting?
"I'll unscrew it to take a look first." Skylar wasn't sure what was wrong with it. However,
it made her severely uncomfortable. She took it apart within seconds
In the end, she found out what was wrong. There was a tiny, nearly indiscernible bone nestled into the top of its
cap. It was tightly stuck to the top. One wouldn't have noticed it while popping the cap off. If Skylar hadn't examined it thoroughly, she wouldn't have fo "Do you have a needle? I'll try to get the bone out," said Skylar.
"I'll look for one." When Joe heard of the bone, his eyes turned cold. Someone had planted a native
item on him without him realizing it!
A few minutes later, Joe found a sewing kit. They would use the needle inside.
Skylar pried at it with the needle multiple times. After a few attempts, she got part of the bone out. Then, she banged the cap on the table. An ivory- colored thing the size of a sesame seed fell out. It was at most two sesame seeds thick.
"This is part of a skull."
Skylar pulled a tissue from a nearby box and picked the bone up. Then, she wrapped it in tissue.
"Why would it be a skull?" Joe narrowed his eyes.
"I don't think you've used this pen before. If not, you would've been affected upon opening the cap." Skylar explained calmly.
Joe's jaw clenched tighter as he listened to her.
"I don't remember much about this pen," said Joe.
Someone must've slipped this into his penholder while his office was empty. He didn't lock his office. during office hours.
Skylar nodded and said, "I'll take care
of this pen. You must be careful
after this. Other than those you trust, let anyone else get close to your office." 
"I'll get someone to check the surveillance footage," stated Joe.
Skylar continued looking around. She was even more thorough this time after finding the pen.
The office was completely silent. This silence was broken when Joe's phone rang.
"Have you got anything lined up for today? Let's play together!" Rowan invited.
Joe glanced at Skylar and replied, "Alright, I'll head over in a bit."
After hanging up, he said to Skylar, "Rowan invited me to go out with him. Would you like to come?"
Skylar's interest was piqued. She asked, "What are you guys going to do?"
"Badminton."
"Alright. Give me ten more minutes."
An hour passed.
###chapter889
When Skylar and Joe arrived at the badminton court, Rowan was already there with two friends. Skylar 
didn’t know them. 
“Hey, if I’d known you were bringing Skylar with you, I would’ve taken my girlfriend with me,” Rowan said hurriedly 
He told his friends, “You two go off and play amongst yourselves. I’ll play with you next time.” 
They didn’t mind at all and left for another court immediately. 
Rowan called Jenny right in front of Joe and Skylar 
“Jenny, when will you be arriving? Alright, we’ll wait for you.” 
Skylar’s eyes flashed Jenny? 
She looked up at Joe, only to be met with his expressionless face. 
After hanging up, Rowan said, “I’d told my friends we were playing together. However, Jenny was bored at home. She suggested coming here to cheer m 
Rowan didn’t hide the details of his relationship before them. After all, Skylar had seen him with Jenny at the hospital a few days ago. He would call off h 
Jenny arrived shortly after. 
She was unprepared to see Skylar and Joe. The sight of them spooked her. 
On the way here, Rowan had told her he’d be playing with two university classmates. He’d never mentioned Joe and Skylar! 
She hadn’t prepared herself to see them, especially Joe. After all, he’d found out about her secret. 
The pictures and videos floated at the forefront of her mind. She paled uncontrollably. 
Skylar watched her expressionlessly. 
“Why have you become so pale all of a sudden? Are you feeling ill? Shit, I forgot you were just discharged from the hospital. You might not be fully reco 
throbbed for her. 
Joe glared at Jenny. She trembled at his gaze. 
Jenny couldn’t bring herself to look up at Joe. She could only agree to Rowan hastily, “Oh, alright.” 
Just like that, Rowan and Joe played while Skylar and Jenny looked on. 
Someone had been selling smoothies in the stadium Rowan knew his way into a girl’s heart. He bought them smoothies to prevent them from feeling bo 
Skylar couldn’t turn it down. She sipped at it while admiring Joe’s perfect figure. 
Jenny wasn’t in the mood for a smoothie. She was lost in thought for a while before she dared look at Skylar Jenny begged lowly, ‘Skylar, I know I’ve made a mistake. I hope you don’t take what I said to you to heart. Back then, I was too impulsive. When I think of it now, I’m filled with 
like Rowan, and I want to be with him. I was wrong, I won’t harbor romantic feelings for Joe in the future. Could you please forgive me?” 
She spoke softly and gently. Tears shimmered in the corner of Jenny’s eyes. It instilled pity in others upon looking at her. 
Skylar might’ve had mercy on her if Jenny had been a stranger. 
After all, who wouldn’t pity a crying beauty? Alas, it was Jenny before her. 
Skylar put her smoothie away. She looked at Jenny and said, “Alright, I forgive you.” 
“D– Do you really forgive me? In that case… could you not tell Rowan about what happened? I don’t want to let him know. After all, we want to step into our f 
Jenny was surprised by how reasonable Skylar seemed to be. Had she forgiven her just like that? 
Skylar smiled and said, “There’s no such thing as a secret. I’m not the only one who knows about that. I would advise you to be honest with Rowan. You wouldn’t need to worry about getting found out if you did 
###chapter890
 
Jenny frowned deeply. She pursed her lips. Then, she
said, "I'll be able to keep it from him as long as you don't tell him. I know you don't want me to marry
into a wealthy family, but you've already married Joe. Mrs. Martin Senior also adores you. You've got everything you could ever want. Can't you help n
As expected, Skylar was an evil woman. Twisted women like her wouldn't allow others to do better than her!
Skylar's smile faded. She stated, "I'm not obligated to help you."
"You! Does this mean you want to speak ill of me to Rowan?" Jenny was furious. She'd been so humble. Yet, Skylar wouldn't let her off the hook! Wha
Jenny wouldn't believe that Joe would always love Skylar.
Vera was eyeing Joe. Perhaps he would divorce Skylar soon.
Skylar didn't know what to say to that. She sighed. "Think what you want to think."
"Skylar, do you have to badmouth me behind my back? Who doesn't have a few skeletons in their closet?" Jenny gritted her teeth. She wanted to swe Skylar wasn't interested in listening to Jenny's bullshit. Perhaps she thought everyone had to prioritize her. They were obligated to do so.
Skylar found no reason to continue talking to a woman like that. She stood up and headed to the
restroom.
Jenny was angered and frustrated at Skylar's sudden departure. She knew Skylar would go behind her back!
She'd just gotten together with Rowan and he was already planning to call off his engagement. Then, he would introduce her to his family. Rowan had was her only path out of this mess.
A few minutes later, Jenny noticed that Joe had headed to the washroom too. Rowan spoke to her for a while before going over to talk to his friends. Jenny bit her lip and headed to the male washroom.
The washrooms for males and females were separated. One was inside the female changing rooms, and the other was inside the male changing room
She waited at the door for a few minutes.
When Joe walked out, Jenny blocked him from leaving with tears streaming down her face.
"Do you know the nature of my relationship with Rowan?" Joe asked with a poker face.
Jenny froze. She forgot to continue sobbing. Tears clung to her eyelashes.
"I know... But you raised me, Joe. You've always been so good to me. I-
Rowan ran over before she could finish. Upon seeing her by the male changing room, his expression soured. "Why are you here?"
He glanced at Joe. At Joe's icy expression, he scanned Jenny.
She balled her fists and claimed, "I got lost and thought this was the female changing room. Thankfully, I ran into Joe."
Rowan sighed in relief at her explanation. He exclaimed, "You're such a dumb little thing!"
"I'm going to the washroom." Jenny ran off with her head down. To Rowan, it looked like she'd escaped out of embarrassment.
Rowan shook his head and told Joe, "I forgot to tell you that Jenny and I are together now. I realized that I still love her." Joe's eyes glinted coldly.
Rowan didn't pick up on anything out of the ordinary. After all, Joe had always been an approachable man. Joe pulled
a cigarette out and took a drag. He asked, "What about Minerva?"
"We had no feelings for each other. It was mutually beneficial. In addition, she's not the type of woman to cling to me and make a fuss. We'll separate
"Right, I noticed that you seem to be
giving Jenny the cold shoulder. Has she done something wrong to piss you off?" Rowan didn't want Jenny and Joe to have a too close relationship. 
###chapter891
 
Rowan knew all too well about Jenny's crush on Joe. He wasn't confident that he'd beat Joe if they were placed head to head.
However, he knew that Joe harbored no feelings for Jenny at all.
That being said, the way Joe and Skylar treated Jenny today seemed a little off. Yet, Rowan couldn't put his finger on why this was so.
"Your family won't allow you to be with her," stated Joe after a drag of his cigarette.
Rowan's eyes darkened. He insisted, "I've got to try."
"Jenny isn't as simple and innocent as you think she is," hinted Joe. Rowan froze. He could tell that Joe was giving him a heads-up. Joe had never commented about Jenny in this way in the past.
Rowan's frowned and replied, "Got it. I'll consider our relationship seriously."
Ten minutes later, Rowan and Jenny left because she wasn't feeling well. Rowan would bring her to the hospital.
Joe had said he wanted to leave too. However, Skylar stopped him from doing so.
"Let's play a few games," said Skylar.
Her hands itched to pick up a racket as she watched them play from the sidelines. She hadn't had the time to exercise recently. Today would be a great opportunity to get some moves in.
To be honest, one of the reasons she'd fallen for Joe was due to his stellar stamina.
Joe raised an eyebrow and challenged, "Should we play? Aren't you scared I'll bully you?"
"Let's try it out and see who'll be doing the bullying." Skylar wasn't about to give in to him.
In the beginning, Skylar hadn't gotten into the game. She could tell that Joe wasn't giving it his all.
However, she got into the right frame of mind soon. Joe quickly realized that he'd underestimated Skylar. As they continued to play, Joe became more careful. 
The people sitting by resting watched them play. They catcalled, "Awesome, gorgeous!"
Joe shot them a glare. Their catcalls made him feel hugely uncomfortable.
Skylar was hardly distracted. Joe had used up a lot of his energy playing with Rowan. However, he was still doing extremely well. It was as though he hadn't played the first game at all. 
They only wrapped up after half an hour.
Skylar wiped her sweat off with a towel. She looked up at Joe and joked, You're not going to
underestimate me after this, aren't
you?" 
én.swnovels
"You played better than Rowan did. Did you play frequently in the past? Joe wiped at his sweat too.
Skylar nodded. "I used to play badminton frequently with my brothers in the countryside."
...
Jenny leaned into the car seats. Her eyes were still teary.
She didn't look like she was feeling ill. Rather, it was like someone had wronged her.
Rowan suddenly recalled Joe's weird attitude. He couldn't help but ask, "Jenny, are you keeping something from me?"
###chapter892
Jenny bit her lip. Her heartbeat sped up.
Had Joe told Rowan about what happened? Did he really want her to be looked on with disdain by everyone else? How could he be so cruel?
She was extremely pale as she shook her head. Jenny said, "Are you regretting your decision to be with me. If that's the case, you should leave right now."
Rowan stepped on the brakes and roared, "You met Joe once and now you want to break up with me? Am I nothing more than a spare to you? Is that the truth? Have you seen how Joe treats her?"
Jenny was terrified. Then, she figured out what was going on.
Joe must've taken heed of her words. He hadn't told Rowan about it. If not, Rowan would be reacting in a starkly different way. He behaved like he used to when she ignored him in favor of Joe.
Her eyes darted around. Then, she said, "In that case, why did you ask me whether I'm keeping something from you?"
"I keep feeling like..." Rowan frowned. The way Joe and Skylar had treated Jenny seemed rather off.
Then, he halted his confusion in its tracks. He sighed, "I feel like you didn't date me because you genuinely like me."
Jenny relaxed entirely after hearing that. She said, "How could that be? You know my personality. When I hadn't realized I liked you, I'd never agreed to be together with you. After I realized it, I sought you out. Of course I like you, Rowan. Not only do I like you, I love you dearly."
Rowan was overjoyed to hear that.
He stared at Jenny intently and pleaded, "Say that again! Jenny, say that once more!"
Jenny beamed. Rowan was reflected in her eyes. She exclaimed, "I said, I love you, Rowan! You're the person I love the most in the world! Listen here, Rowan. We will be together for the rest of our lives. In the future, you mustn't abandon me no matter what happens!"
Rowan was elated. The curiosity that had sparked within him disappeared.
When he promised her that, Jenny hugged him excitedly.
"Rowan, you promised me this. You have to love me like this no matter what happens!" "Alright!"
That night, Gloria called Joe. He put her on speaker so Skylar could also hear their call.
"I was afraid you two were busy on your date, so I went to meet Janine. We talked through the afternoon. We've picked out a date for your wedding. It'll be in June next year. 
"Janine is an easygoing woman. She didn't complain about how long we've waited to hold the wedding. In addition, she insisted on not receiving a wedding gift. She only hopes you'll treat Skylar well Joe, if you dare to treat Skylar horribly, I'll be the first one to tell you off!
"In addition, Skylar has two older brothers and a younger one. They've pampered her like there's no tomorrow. They'll be the first ones to pummel you if you bully Skylar!"
Gloria showered Joe with a bunch of advice. Joe was speechless. Was she really his grandmother?
"Aren't you scared that Skylar's gonna bully me?"
"Skye would never do that! She's such a nice girl. Why would she bully you? Even if you did so, you must've done so to her first!" Gloria shut Joe down without much thought.
Skylar couldn't help but grin. Gloria was right.
Joe felt like he was completely unimportant to Gloria, especially when he was with Skylar. In comparison with what Skylar meant to Gloria, Joe was like nothing to her.
###chapter893
After hanging up, Joe glanced at Skylar and commented, "You're the only one Grandma can see."
He sounded a little jealous.
Skylar couldn't help but gloat. "I'm cute and gorgeous. It's normal that Grandma adores me. Try harder. Perhaps you'll be more important to Grandma one day."
Joe choked back a laugh and said, "I detected no trace of humbleness there."
"It's nothing but the truth." Skylar smiled as well.
Joe stood up. The angles from which they viewed each other changed drastically, and Skylar needed to look up at him.
Joe glanced down at her. It was as though black holes swirled within his eyes. She couldn't see the depths of his gaze. He said, "Mr. Querbach told me that Grandma was very jealous of how others could hold their grandchildren during their reunion. Just now, she asked us to work hard. Skylar, why don't we have a baby?"
Joe sounded as though it was another passing comment. Perhaps it was because the atmosphere between them had been excellent. They were like a married couple deeply in love, discussing their future.
Skylar was disoriented for a moment, but she recovered her senses in the next second.
Joe...
She averted her eyes and changed the topic. She said, "I need to use the washroom."
Joe watched Skylar make her escape. An icy glare flashed across Joe's eyes. It was terrifying.
Skylar once more headed to the hospital on Sunday afternoon.
Aiken called her in the morning to tell her that Simona had been feeling down. She hadn't spoken much. He was rather worried about Simona and asked whether Skylar had time to make a trip to the hospital. As to Joe what happened last night had upset both parties. He'd left in the morning. 
Before she entered the room, Aiken told her what had happened.
"Simona looked at her phone and saw many students talking about her and Wendy in their chat group. Some of them were really crude. She's been in a horrible mood ever sinee." 
Aiken seemed to be exhausted and worried.
At this point, Skylar was the only person he could think of that could possibly help Simona. She was also the only person he'd trust with Simona. Skylar nodded and said, "Alright, got it. Don't be too worried. It's to be understood that she would be affected by those negative comments."
"I've been a failure as her brother."
Aiken seldom exposed his before others. At this
moment, he was nothing more than
a lost brother. 
én.swnovels
Skylar couldn't bear to see him like that. She consoled gently, "It's not your fault. Don't stress about this too much or blame yourself."
"Yeah." Aiken forced a smile. Looking at Skylar deeply, he said, "Why don't you go in? I'll find somewhere to smoke."
Skylar said nothing more. She entered the room.
Aiken left the hospital. He stood outside the entrance and called someone.
"Those men you were schooling... how is it going?"
###chapter894
 
"They haven't been allowed to sleep for the past two nights. The men I've sent to teach them a lesson will make them into better men. They wouldn't be able to get it up in the face of a pretty girl when he's done with them."
Aiken took two puffs of his cigarette and said, "It's still not enough."
"Alright, I know what to do. Don't worry, Mr. Parkinson. How dare they bully Ms. Parkinson! They'll be lucky to get through this alive!"
"Alright."
He pocketed his phone. Aiken watched the cars and people by the hospital and took a few more drags. Then, he extinguished his cigarette.
As he walked back to the hospital, he got a text. It had a document attached, which said, "Mrs. Martin Senior set Skylar up with Joe. They're not in love with each other. A while ago, Skylar moved out for a day. They probably intend to get divorced. Joe likes Vera."
Aiken stared at those words for a long time.
...
In Fachington, an intense shooting scene had just ended.
Natalie ran over to Austin, only to see that he had a wound on his neck.
"Mr. Powell, you're hurt!"
Austin touched it. His fingers came away with blood on them. It wasn't much. He could feel a little sting in the wounded area. However, his expression remained unchanged as he said, "It's just a superficial wound. Nothing much."
After this scene, he had a half an hour break before the next one.
Austin had never cared about such wounds. However, Natalie thought that it was rather serious.
"I'll get the medical kit over to disinfect your wound. If it's not dealt with properly, it might leave a scar."
Natalie had worked with Austin for a long time. She knew that he was a hardworking actor with a lot of respect for his profession.
He'd gone on set right after getting off the plane in Fachington. Days had passed, and he hadn't taken a break.
A few minutes later, Natalie had
gotten a medical kit and was cleaning his wound meticulously with an i?dine solution. When Hank hurried over, he was greeted with such a sight. Natalie helped him disinfect the wound thoroughly while Austin gazed at her warmly. 
Austin wasn't hiding his love for Natalie in his eyes. Perhaps it was because he was overseas and all his acting partners were foreigners. Natalie was rather insensitive to his approaches. She could be listening to Jeremy, but she wasn't paying attention to any other guys.
"I brought some food from home. Let's eat."

Natalie's eyes lit up upon hearing that, as though Hank was her family member. She said, "Clusian food? That's great! I can finally have a good meal." 
In the beginning, she loved local delicacies. However, eating them every day really dulled her appetite, and she was getting a little sick of them. 
"Ha! You've been here for a mere few days and you've already slimmed down. Come, let's eat." Hank was amused by Natalie.
Austin said to Natalie, "After today's scene, I don't have any scenes to film. We can go to my mansion. There'll be Clusian food there." "Really? That's awesome! I'm tearing up!" Natalie wasn't exaggerating. She was about to cry as she was missing home.
She was a little food connoisseur.
###chapter895
 
Austin chuckled and said, "It's true."
Hank's lips twitched.
He and Austin had come to Fachington multiple times but Hank had never seen it before even though he'd complained about getting bored of Fachington's delicacies.
The comparison pissed him off.
He suspected that Austin had purchased the estate last minute or rented it temporarily just for Natalie.
Halfway through their meal, Hank suddenly recalled something.
"I forgot to tell you about something. Hadn't they said that there would be a Clusian actor here later? The original actress couldn't come, so they sent someone else instead. She played a guest role in your last movie. She used a bit ofwork to get into this movie. It's Helena."
Natalie coughed. The food she swallowed was lodged in her throat.
Austin handed her a glass of water. He said gently, "Eat slowly."
Then, he continued emotionlessly, "Who's Helena?"
Hank knew Austin wasn't faking it. He had no idea who Helena was. After all, they hadn't worked together for long. She'd only played a guest role in one of his movies.
Natalie felt her food go down more easily. Fachington was way too small, wasn't it?
There were multiple movies being filmed at the same time and many Clusian actresses. Why would they find Helena, of all people?
Suddenly, she recalled how Hank had mentioned she'd gotten in through by using herwork and thought of Jeremy.
It looked like Jeremy and Helena were getting along well. Jeremy was already trying to get her new opportunities for Helena's development.
When Natalie finished her meal and headed to the washroom, Hank whispered to Austin, "Do you really not remember Helena? She's Jeremy's new girlfriend. We saw her at the Fachington airport. It looks like Jeremy has given Natalie out. As for you... I've thought about it. Do whatever you want. I've started making a public relations plan already."
Austin said expressionlessly, "It would be great if that was the case.."
"What do you mean by that? You don't think that Jeremy hasn't let Natalie go, do you? He cheated on her, and he's got a new girlfriend now Nothing will happen between them." 
Hank reacted quickly. He picked up on what Austin meant through his words. Natalie came back soon. Hank shut up.
Austin shot her a glance. Upon seeing that she looked unbothered, he looked away.
...
Skylar spent the afternoon keeping Simona company. When her mood improved, Skylar got ready to leave.
She saw Aiken sitting opposite the room when she left.
"Let's have dinner together. I wouldn't have known how to deal with this thing with Simona if not for you." Aiken stood up. Skylar couldn't refuse him upon noticing his pale complexion and red-rimmed eyes. She nodded and said, "Okay, let's go."
They headed to a nearby mall. There was a restaurant offering exquisite Taegu cuisine. Aiken poured Skylar a glass of water while they were waiting for their meal to be served.
"Simona is doing much better. She would like to transfer to a new school. When you're free, help her look for one. A new environment would help Simona greatly," said Skylar. 
Aiken replied, "Yeah. I'll contact the.
as with Cole within the next few days.
get
Wendy." Content belon
r to be transferred together"
to
"That's awesome. If you hadn't stepped in, Wendy's parents wouldn't have let her continue her education."
"I hired someone to teach them a lesson. They won't cause Wendy any more trouble."
As they spoke, the waiter served their meal.
Suddenly, Skylar felt a hard glare boring into her. She looked in its direction.
###chapter896
 
Skylar was surprised when she saw that it was a gorgeous woman she didn't know. She'd thought that the beauty would avert her eyes when Skylar met her gaze. Yet, she continued staring at Skylar as though she was looking at a woman out to get her man.
Then, she walked over and sat beside Aiken.
Skylar raised her eyebrow. She knew Aiken. Was she his girlfriend?
"Aiken, I've finally got to see you. You keep telling me you're busy when I call. So this is what you were up to. Going on dates with other women?" She hooked an arm around Aiken's. She questioned him pitifully. Skylar could tell that she adored him and missed him greatly.
Aiken stiffened. Then, he peeled her arm off and shot a glare at her.
Skylar could only pick her glass up and sip at her water to hide her awkwardness. She would only add to the misunderstanding if she said anything else.
"I haven't seen you in a month. I miss you so much." Her smile froze on her face. Her arm was bruised from where he'd pulled her off him. Her heart clenched at Aiken's glare. Terror coursed through her. She'd been too impulsive.
"Do you remember what I told you the last time we met?" Aiken asked coldly.
It sounded like a casual question, but her heart sank upon hearing it.
She recalled how she'd been told in no uncertain terms that they were nothing more than sexual partners when she'd been sleeping with Aiken. Apart from that, she was to fuck off after he paid her off. If she harbored delusions for him, she wouldn't be able to bear the consequences.
Someone had told her that she was the woman Aiken had kept with him for the longest. Sometimes, he'd bring her to see his friends. She thought she was different to him.
Was it because...
"Is she your new lover?" She couldn't hide the jealousy in her tone.
Skylar immediately explained, "We're just friends. We're only eating together because we've just been visiting a friend of ours. We're not together in that way, not to mention the fact that I'm already married."
Aiken pursed her lips while Skylar desperately tried to explain that she had nothing to do with Aiken. His friends would immediately be able to tell that he was pissed.
It wasn't because of Skylar. It was because of the woman beside him who couldn't follow the rules he'd put down for her. He hadn't wanted to Skylar to see that side of him. Now that she'd been exposed to it all of a sudden, he was furious. 
She noticed the ring on Skylar's finger. She knew in that moment she'd done an idiotic thing!
Aiken's icy glare scared her. She
stood up and apologized to Skylar. "I'm sorry misunderstood you! 1- was just joking. Please don't take this the wrong way. Don't misunderstand me. I... Do continue your meal. I won't disturb you guys." 
She couldn't help but tremble out of fear and nearly tripped as she escaped.
Aiken was expressionless.
Skylar had no idea how to respond. She merely said, "Okay."
The atmosphere remained a little awkward after she left. Thankfully, their food was served.
Skylar ate silently.
After a few minutes, Aiken said, "Sorry for what happened just now."
"It's alright," replied Skylar with a smile.
She wasn't interested in Aiken's
private affairs. After all, everyone et
has their own life and secrets. They were not obligated to explai 
Aiken's eyes darkened.
"Skylar?"
them.
Just as Skylar was about to head to the toilet to get a reprieve from the awkwardness, she heard her name being called.
When she looked up, she saw John. He was followed closely by Joe. They'd just come in and hadn't sat down.
###chapter897
 
"Mr. Gardner," greeted Skylar after standing up. Then, she turned to Joe and asked, "Are you guys here to have dinner?" Joe's jaw was clenched. He was clearly in a horrible mood.
Skylar thought that Joe would ignore her. However, he replied, "Yeah, did you guys come over from the hospital?"
"Yep. We're almost-"
Before Skylar could finish, Joe interjected, "What a coincidence. Let's eat together."
Aiken smiled at Joe and said, "Let's order a few more dishes."
Skylar could only sit back down.
John was rather annoyed. He'd wanted to talk to Joe privately about a few matters. He had to be blind if he couldn't pick up on the weird air between Joe and Skylar. No, Aiken was part of this too.
The atmosphere circulating around the three of them was extremely absurd. He hadn't checked his horoscope today. He should've asked Joe to dinner next week. However, John couldn't leave under such circumstances. He could do nothing but sit down.
Aiken added a few dishes.
When Skylar and Joe remained silent while waiting to be served, John began talking to Aiken.
He didn't know Aiken very well. However, they saw each other frequently in Jipsburg and had seen each other a few times at different events. They could engage in some small talk.
Suddenly, Joe asked Skylar, "Did you drive here?"
Skylar hadn't heard him the first time he asked. She'd been texting Natalie in an attempt to evade the awkward atmosphere.
When she noticed Joe's icy flare, she realized the question was directed at her. She answered, "Yeah, I drove here."
"Let's go home together after dinner," added Joe.
"Alright." Skylar was surprised. Did he have no other plans with John? Why would he go straight home with her? Hadn't he asked Lucas to drive him?
She couldn't pose her questions. The tense atmosphere returned.
Thankfully, it didn't stay for too long. The new dishes they ordered came quickly.
After taking a few bites, Joe stood up and announced, "We'll be leaving now. Enjoy the rest of your meal."
"Oh, alright. We'll schedule another time to meet." John complained internally, "How unfortunate! Look at how pale Joe had been!"
When he saw Skylar and Aiken eating together, he looked terrifyingly crossed.
Aiken's attitude was also very confusing.
As to Skylar, she behaved normally. There was no difference in how she carried herself.
However, she'd definitely quarreled
with Joe today. John took one look at Joe and knew that he wasn't in a good mood. His mood still hadn't improved. 
"I'm done. Do you want to leave together?" Aiken asked John.
John wasn't full. However, he was distracted and didn't have much of an appetite. He said with a smile,
Ogo. I've got a few things I need
To with." 
Joe drove while Skylar sat in the passenger's seat. Joe seemed to be driving her car fairly well.
They were both silent. The air
between them was icier than how it was in the restaurant. Just as Skylar was about to play some music to relieve the tension, Joe spoke. 
###chapter898
“Is Aiken the reason you wanted to divorce me?” Joe’s voice was like ice, cutting through the silence of the car.
If it had been anyone else, he might have been able to let her go. But out of all the men in the world, it had to be Aiken. Joe knew the man wasn't suited for Skylar. More than that, the mere vision of Skylar with anyone else made his chest tighten with an unbearable, possessive discomfort.
Skylar hadn't expected a simple dinner to spiral into such a mess of misunderstandings. When Joe had doubted her before, she had been crystal clear about her intentions. Did he think she would only grant him a divorce if she were the one who had made a mistake?
She clenched her jaw, her voice trembling with indignation. “Joe, if you want a divorce, you can just say it. I have never once thought of clinging to you. There is no need to frame me for things I have never done!”
Only yesterday, he had spoken of building a future and a family with her. In the blink of an eye, he was accusing her of infidelity. Men truly never say anything worth believing, she thought bitterly.
Joe slammed on the brakes. The sudden halt caught the driver behind them by surprise, forcing them to swerve and honk furiously to express their outrage. Skylar gripped the door handle, her displeasure written across her face.
Joe ignored the chaos outside, turning the wheel to park the car by the side of the road. A heavy, tense silence fell over the cabin.
“When have I ever said I wanted to divorce you?” Joe finally asked, his voice calmer but still strained.
Skylar paused, the fury in her eyes flickering into confusion. He hadn't asked for a divorce. In fact, he was acting as if she were the one pushing for it. Had they been talking past each other this entire time?
“I... I thought you were the one who wanted out,” Skylar concluded quietly.
In her mind, their marriage was a fragile thing, held together by his grandmother Gloria and a series of coincidences. If not for those twists of fate, they never would have shared a bed. She believed Joe didn't love her and that their "play-pretend" arrangement was reaching its natural end, especially with Vera’s return to the scene.
Joe stared at her, the realization dawning on him as well. The suffocating tension between them suddenly diffused, replaced by a strange, mutual clarity.
Joe managed a small, weary smile. “I have never once thought of divorcing you, Skylar.”
“Aiken and I are nothing more than friends,” she explained, her voice softening.
As they looked at each other, their earlier accusations suddenly seemed childish—a storm brewed in a teacup by nothing but insecurity and a lack of communication.
“Let’s go find some dinner. I’m still hungry,” Joe said, his tone turning cheery as he restarted the engine.
“We should have fondue,” Skylar suggested, realizing her own appetite had returned. Everything at the previous restaurant had felt rubbery and tasteless under the weight of their argument.

The next morning, both of them slept in late.
The reconciliation of the previous night had been intense. Joe had been unable to get enough of her, his passion fueled by the relief of their resolved conflict. From the shower to the bedroom, he had been relentless, only stopping when the clock crept past one in the morning.
Skylar was genuinely exhausted by Joe’s stamina. When she finally woke, her legs felt like jelly.
Joe had already prepared a simple breakfast of sandwiches and coffee. He was in a protective mood; he refused to let her drive herself and insisted that Lucas drive her to work instead.
As Skylar walked into the Gardner Group building, Joe pulled out his phone and dialed Paul. The softness he had shown Skylar vanished instantly, replaced by the cold, calculating demeanor of a man ready to settle scores.
###chapter899
“Morning, Mr. Martin!” Paul greeted cheerily. 
It was the first weekday of the new week. He had to ensure Joe couldn’t find fault in anything he did. 
“Has there been a bunch of gossip about me online? Find a way to get rid of them,” Joe gave his first 
instruction. 
Paul replied, “What’s left online is just a bit of speculation. Some of them aren’t from official media outlets, it’s just a few vloggers making up stories to attract some views. I’ll find a way to get rid of them.” 
However, it wasn’t easy. The second they dealt with one of them, another one would continue making up 
stories. 
The best solution was for Joe and Skylar to announce their married status. Those rumors would be disproved easily. However, Paul didn’t have the guts to tell Joe that. 
A few days later, Simona and Wendy were discharged. Skylar went to see them. 
Wendy would be staying with Simona for the next few weeks. Aiken had found them a new school and was completing the paperwork to transfer schools. 
Wendy would board in her new school. 
As to the boys who bullied them, they were reportedly suffering through a huge load of emotional anguish as they waited for the judge’s sentencing. 
There was hard evidence of the wrongdoing. They wouldn’t escape the sanction of the law. 
On the other hand, Simona and Wendy would move on. 
S 
The psychologist would continue counseling them. She had a lot of faith in them. They were emotionally tough and didn’t habitually blame themselves. With some positive guidance, the impact of this situation would be greatly reduced. It wouldn’t affect their lives. 
After leaving Parkinson Residence, Skylar went to see Janine. 
Skylar’s online store had been run excellently by Janine. Her capabilities hadn’t been fully expressed for the past few years. 
Before leaving home, Steven had called her. He was recently on an overseas business trip and asked Skylar how she’d been doing. 
Then, she went to see Harvey. His grades had never needed worrying over. He was progressing to his dream university, and the college entrance exam was due in a few days. It was an important time for him. She didn’t talk to him for long. 
As she was about to arrive at Galaxy Villa, she saw a car in the mirror. She remembered seeing this car tail her. 
Her neighborhood was a luxurious one with alert guards. 
The guards quickly stopped it. 
Skylar drank some water after getting home. Then, she went to get surveillance footage from the guards. 
She saw them speak to the driver after blocking it. The driver didn’t get out. He merely put his car in reverse and left. 
Skylar asked the guards about it. They told her that he’d taken a wrong turn. 
Had he taken a wrong turn? Skylar frowned. Was she overthinking this? 
An international call came in. 
“Skye, did you miss me?” 
When Skylar heard Natalie calling, she pushed her suspicion away and left the surveillance room. She replied, “A minute away from you feels like eons to me. 
“Ha! When I go home, you’ve got to have fondue and barbecue with me! I’m craving for it. You have no idea how skinny I’ve gotten. My pants are falling around my knees.” 
Skylar could hear Natalie licking her chops through the phone. 
“Right, my colleagues and I have been staying in Mr. Powell’s estate. It’s awesome. What a pity we only have a few days off. Mr. Powell will be getting back to work today. He’s having his makeup done so I had some time to call you.” 
Natalie sighed about how time was fleeting. 
Skylar couldn’t help but giggle. She said, “It looks like you had a great time in his estate.” 
“What do you mean a great time? It was like a fairytale come alive. It isn’t your run of the mill estate. It was like a castle,” exclaimed Natalie. 
###chapter900
Natalie’s tone was one of excitement and happiness. Perhaps it was because she’d just had a wonderful holiday in a castle–like estate. 
Skylar couldn’t help but smile with her. 
* 
Suddenly, she heard someone calling for Natalie. 
“Natalie, Mr. Hughes would like to see you. When did you meet him? He’s treated everyone to coffee!” 
When Skylar heard them refer to “Mr. Hughes“, she raised an eyebrow and asked, “Is that Jeremy?” 
Natalie was silent for a moment. She replied, “Alright,” before continuing, “it’s him. He came to the set with Helena, who was coming over to make a guest appearance. I have no idea why he wants to see me now. I’ll take a look. We’ll talk soon, Skye.” 
Skylar replied thoughtfully, “Alright.” 
Had Jeremy gone to Fachington with Helena? It looked like he’d given up on Natalie. This was a great thing. 
Natalie went to see Jeremy. 
Everyone knew that Jeremy was a powerful man. They’d prepared somewhere for him to rest. Even Helena was treated with the same level of respect as Austin. 
Natalie had to admit that Helena seemed to glow when she was acting. It was hard not to fall in love with her. She believed that Jeremy genuinely liked Helena. 
He must’ve been intoxicated when he went to see her in Jipsburg. 
However, she felt like she had no idea what to say to him when they met. He was at once familiar and strange to her. Natalie didn’t know what to do. 
“I heard my colleagues say you wanted to see me. What’s going on?” She believed that waiting for Jeremy to realize her presence was a waste of time, so she broke the silence first. 
Jeremy looked at her. She’d slimmed down from the last time he’d seen her. 
When Jeremy stared at her without saying a word, Natalie said hesitantly, “You…” 
“Do sit down. Let’s have a chat,” said Jeremy softly. He averted his eyes. 
Natalie shook her head and said, “This scene will be over soon. I can’t leave my place for too long.” 
She was scared that Helena would misunderstand them. After all, she used to be married to Jeremy. Although they were divorced, people tended to misunderstand them when they were related in this way. 
Jeremy’s eyes darkened like the calm before a storm. He asked, “Are you still bothered by what happened that day?” 
“You were drunk. I didn’t hold it against you. In addition, it looks like you’re getting along with Helena well. Of course you’d just been drunk.” 
Natalie sighed in relief. He’d probably sought her out to talk about that and apologize. There was no need for that. 
Even if they couldn’t be married, and they couldn’t treat each other as siblings, there was no point in dwelling over this after getting over it. 
Jeremy’s frown deepened. He asked, “Are you sure you’ve got nothing else to ask about why Helena and I have appeared on set together? Do you have anything you’d like to know?” 
“What happens between you and Helena are your private affairs. I know how to keep my distance,” replied Natalie with furrowed brows. 
Why did Jeremy seem to be behaving absurdly? What was he pissed about? 
Jeremy’s eyes turned cold. He glanced at Austin, and Austin returned the glance. The director cut him off. 
“Do you like Austin now? Have you gotten together with him now?” Jeremy’s knuckles were white from his grip on the chair. His every word was, forced through gritted teeth. 
Natalie’s eyes widened. She asked, “Jeremy, who did you hear this from? I’m his assistant. I do like him, but that’s because he’s my favorite actor. It’s not what you’re thinking! Mr. Powell is focused on his career. Such suppositions are unfair forward him!” 
Jeremy was probably the only person in the world who would come up with such unsupported guesses. 
Jeremy’s fingers loosened around the chair. He knew Natalie. If this was what she was saying, she definitely felt nothing for Austin. 

###chapter901
Jeremy understood Austin’s intentions all too well—it was clear the man had strategic designs on Natalie. To make matters more complicated, Natalie remained somewhat oblivious when it came to the subtleties of romantic maneuvering.
Until now, Austin had carefully guarded his true motives, revealing a depth of patience and plotting that Jeremy found both impressive and deeply unsettling.
“I misunderstood the situation,” Jeremy said, his voice dropping into a solemn tone.
Natalie’s expression softened, if only by a fraction. “If that’s all you have to say, I’ll be leaving now.”
“Wait a moment,” Jeremy called out before she could step away.
Natalie paused and turned back to him, her brow slightly arched. “Is there something else?”
Jeremy stared at her for a long moment, his gaze searching hers before he spoke in a low, resonant voice. “I’m still in contact with Helena. Natalie, I’m actually here on your behalf this time.”
Natalie’s expression shifted instantly, a flicker of surprise crossing her features. “You…”

A few days later, Skylar found herself browsing alone in an upscale shopping mall. She needed to refresh her collection of intimate apparel, specifically looking for some high-quality lace pieces.
Joe was out golfing with friends for the day. Their plan was to meet near the mall in the evening for a Wiscadian dinner. While she was there, she decided to pick up a few essentials for Joe as well, along with two sets of premium silk loungewear for their home.
“Skylar?”
Skylar turned at the sound of her name. Standing there, draped in elegance, was Vera.
“What a coincidence! I didn’t expect to run into you here,” Vera said, stepping closer with a warm, practiced smile. She acted as if there had never been a moment of friction between them.
Skylar’s response was measured and cool. “It is quite a coincidence.”
“I’ve always favored the designs in this store as well. It seems we share very similar tastes,” Vera remarked, her words laced with a subtle, double meaning that didn't escape Skylar’s notice.
Skylar’s polite smile faded. “Is that so?”
“Have you made up your mind yet, Skylar? I think deep down you know exactly what choice you ought to make.” Vera’s smile vanished, replaced by a cold, predatory light in her eyes. Her tone carried an unspoken threat.
Skylar didn't flinch. “I don't intend to answer the same question twice, Vera.”
“I’m giving you a window to reconsider,” Vera said, tilting her chin up with an air of practiced superiority. “If you let this opportunity slip, there won't be another one.”
She looked entirely confident in her eventual victory, as if offering Skylar a choice was an act of grand charity. Skylar had no desire to waste her breath on Vera’s theatrics. Without another word, she turned and walked away, leaving Vera standing among the silk displays.
Vera’s face darkened with a flash of genuine anger. We’ll see how you handle the consequences, she thought bitterly.
Vera glanced down at her phone. She had sent Joe a WhatsApp message earlier about her upcoming birthday, and his response had been a curt, non-committal three words: “We’ll see.”


Her birthday was only a few days away. Her friends had organized a lavish party—her first major social event since returning to Jipsburg. It was supposed to be her grand re-entry into the city's elite circles, and Joe’s presence was the centerpiece of her plan. His vague response felt like a sharp, physical pain in her chest.
She bit her lip and walked out of the store, exiting the mall into the crisp air. As she reached the curb to wait for her ride, she caught sight of a familiar, high-end car pulling into the VIP lane.
It was Joe’s car.

###chapter902
 902
Vera then saw Skylar get into the car. 
To Vera’s surprise, Joe took the shopping bags from Skylar’s hands. His gestures were both gentlemanly and attentive, something Vera noticed even from a distance. 
It was clear from his actions that he cared for Skylar. They appeared to be chatting, and Joe even seemed to be smiling. It was a rare to see him smile. 
Given his upbringing and position, he usually maintained a cold demeanor that kept people at arm’s length. 
Only when he was with his close friends, like Rowan, did he show a slightly softer side. 
At that moment, Vera’s pride took a hit. Her face turned pale. 
Patricia had warned her that she might not have a chance with Joe anymore, and it was all because of Skylar. She was the one factor that could change everything. 
But Joe still hadn’t made their marriage public and kept delaying the wedding. It showed he wasn’t truly content with Skylar. To him, this union was merely a concession. 
A marriage of convenience couldn’t possibly be right for him. Vera believed that she was the one who was truly suited for him. 
After a few deep breaths, Vera regained her usual pride and composure. At that moment, Molly called her. 
“Ms. Ruell, have you made up your mind?” Molly asked. 
Vera hesitated for a moment but then recalled the scene she had just witnessed. “How confident are you? I don’t take on anything without absolute certainty.” 
“I’m completely confident. Skylar could marry Joe because she knows how to use the negative items to her advantage. If you don’t take action, you’ll never measure up to her,” Molly remarked. 
Molly had mentioned this before, but Vera hadn’t believed her. Despite her dislike for Skylar, she hadn’t thought Skylar would resort to such ruthless methods. 
However, Vera hesitated after what she had just seen. Perhaps Skylar had indeed used some 
underhanded methods. 
“I’ll trust you this once.” 
She decided to explore all options. 
Besides, Christopher was already making preparations. 
Fortunately, Joe had made a reservation in advance at the Wiscadian restaurant. Otherwise, the 
restaurant would have been fully booked due to its popularity. 
Once seated, Joe ordered dishes based on their preferences. 
“Take a look at these wedding plans,” he said, handing Skylar a tablet. 
Skylar had noticed the tablet in the car earlier and had been curious about why he’d brought it to dinner. It turned out he wanted to discuss wedding plans during the meal. 
She took the tablet from him. The screen displayed an email with three attached files. Opening each one, she saw the wedding planner had put together three proposals. 
The photos and videos captured the kind of fairytale weddings many girls dream of. Skylar hadn’t expected Joe to have already arranged for a wedding planner. 
“When did you arrange this?” she asked. 
“A month ago. Are you not satisfied with any of the three options?” Joe asked. 
###chapter903
 903
Skylar shook her head, her eyes glimmering with a faint sparkle. “They’re all great options, and I can’t choose between them. 
“The planner is probably a woman who truly understands women’s thoughts and dreams. Even someone who’s against marriage would want a wedding after seeing these proposals.” 
Skylar recalled that Vera had just returned a month ago. It was the same time Joe had started planning for the wedding. It puzzled her why he was still set on marrying her. 
“Let’s pick one, then.” Joe’s voice was gentle as he looked at Skylar. 
Skylar felt a flicker of disorientation but quickly brushed it aside. 
Minutes later, her gaze drifted, and she spotted Rowan nearby. He was seated across from an elegantly dressed woman, her mature charm unmistakable. Even from a distance, it was clear she wasn’t Jenny. 
“What are you looking at?” Joe asked as he noticed Skylar staring absentmindedly at a particular spot. 
“I saw Rowan,” Skylar replied, pulling her gaze away. 
Rowan looked serious and was deeply engrossed in a conversation with the woman. Hence, he didn’t 
notice her. 
Joe raised an eyebrow and followed her gaze. He glanced briefly before looking away. 
“Rowan and Minerva.” 
“Minerva?” Skylar had heard that name before, as Minerva was supposed to be Rowan’s fiancée. They were probably here for a date today. 
“If nothing unexpected happens, he’s here to discuss breaking off the engagement with Minerva,” Joe said after taking a sip of his red wine. 
Skylar said nothing more. It was clear that Rowan and Minerva were breaking up because Rowan was determined to be with Jenny. 
Ten minutes later, Skylar went to the restroom. 
As soon as she entered, she heard someone talking on the phone in the adjacent stall. 
At first, she didn’t pay much attention. But then she thought the voice sounded familiar, like… Jenny. 
“Yes, Rowan and I are together now. He will clarify things with Minerva today. He never really wanted to be with her. Their relationship was just a fa?ade to satisfy their families. There were no real feelings involved. I don’t mind that Rowan was engaged to her. 
“You say Minerva has liked Rowan for a long time? Really? All I can say is I’m sorry. I didn’t think much of it before, but now I realize that a woman should be with someone who loves and will cherish her. 
“Am I afraid the Jakeman family might refuse to cancel the engagement? No, I’m not worried because I trust Rowan will ensure Minerva steps aside for me. Even if Minerva has feelings for
Rowan, it doesn’t matter. It reflects poorly on her if she insists on pursuing a man who doesn’t reciprocate her feelings. 
“And as you all know, Rowan has been fond of me for years. Despite the many people who have tried to get close to him, he has never shown genuine interest in anyone. Certainly not Minerva. 
“Alright, I’m done talking. I’m going downstairs to wait for Rowan. He should have cleared things up with Minerva by now. 
“If Minerva is sensible, she won’t cling to Rowan. Rowan has said he doesn’t care who I liked in the past or what has happened before. He only cares about our future.” 
Soon after, the sound of flushing could be heard from the adjacent stall, and Jenny walked out. 
Skylar followed. She walked out and washed her hands. 
She had overheard Jenny on the phone with her friend and understood the situation clearly. Although Skylar had never met Minerva, she thought Rowan had handled the situation poorly. His situation with Jenny inadvertently hurt the innocent Minerva. 
When Skylar returned, she saw Rowan and Minerva standing up and preparing to leave. Rowan’s expression remained solemn. Minerva left directly after standing up. 
Once Minerva was gone, Rowan seemed to regain his composure and left with a somewhat dejected expression. 
“Even if Minerva agreed to call off the engagement, the Jakeman family won’t allow it,” Joe said when he noticed Skylar looking toward Rowan and Minerva. 
Skylar nodded and said, “Ms. Reid seems like a nice person.” 
“Yes, she comes from a well–respected family. She was carefully chosen by the Jakeman family for Rowan,” Joe replied. 
A few minutes later, as Skylar and Joe left the Wiscadian restaurant, they saw Rowan and Jenny locked in a passionate kiss. They seemed completely oblivious to their surroundings. 
###chapter904
 904
Jenny and Rowan were kissing so passionately that they didn’t even notice Skylar and Joe. 
Realizing what she was witnessing, Skylar quickly averted her gaze. 
By chance, she noticed Minerva sitting in a nearby car, watching the scene unfold. Although Skylar hadn’t seen Minerva’s face earlier in the restaurant, her intuition told her that the woman in the vehicle was Minerva. 
Minerva just watched the scene coldly. Then, she started the car and drove away. 
Skylar looked away and said to Joe, “Let’s go too.” 
“Okay.” 
As they drove away, Rowan and Jenny were still locked in a passionate kiss, completely absorbed in each other. 
Across the street, Christopher watched as Skylar and Joe drove away. 
After getting a call from Vera, he rushed to the mall and followed them to this place. 
This Wiscadian restaurant was notoriously expensive, and reservations had to be made days in advance. Joe really knew how to win over a woman’s heart. 
Step by step, Joe had managed to win Skylar over–lavish gifts, the image of a bossy CEO–exactly what women dream of. 
Vera had mentioned that Skylar had quite the skills now. She just made 20 million dollars off their family 
20 million dollars… 
Christopher narrowed his eyes. He never knew making money could be so easy. All the money he had made through underhanded means was almost completely lost recently, and he couldn’t bear the thought of living in poverty again. 
Skylar should have been him from the start, ever since high school. He had to get her back. Of course, all the money she made would naturally belong to him too. 
“Skylar, I’m the only one who truly cares for you. Joe is just playing with you. He and Vera are the same type of people.” 
Christopher’s eyes gleamed with determination. He was set on reclaiming everything that had been lost a year ago. With the Ruell family’s backing this time, he wouldn’t have to worry about Joe’s threats. 
On their way back, Skylar and Joe decided to stop by Pearlhall Residence. Gloria had invited George and Alexander over for the day. 
When Alexander saw Skylar, he started praising her to Gloria. “Skye is the most talented person I’ve met in years. It’s no wonder Viola picked her–she’s exceptional in every way. 
“Her restoration skills even surpass mine. I’m so envious that you have her as your granddaughter– in–law.” “On that note, I’m envious as well,” George added with a warm smile. The two of them looked at Skylar with admiration, as if seeing a young version of Viola. 
Viola had been a shining star in her youth, a person whose brilliance dimmed everyone else’s. They all 
seemed to fade into insignificant in her presence. 
Many admired her, but no one dared to confess their feelings because she had once declared she would never marry. She believed marriage would only harm her partner, so she chose to remain unattached for everyone’s sake. 
They had grown old in the blink of an eye, but the scenes from their youth felt as if they had happened just yesterday. 
Gloria beamed with pride. She smiled and said, “You two are right to be envious. I won’t hide it from you- I knew from the moment I met Skylar that she was meant to be part of the Martin family.” 
Skylar blushed from the elders‘ praises. 
Joe suddenly leaned in and whispered in her ear with a soft chuckle. “I’m just glad I married you first.” 
His voice was low, just loud enough for the two of them to hear. 
Skylar hadn’t expected Joe to join in on the fun and joke with her. She whispered back, “That means you’ve got good taste.” 
As they exchanged playful remarks, Gloria watched them with a beaming smile. 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
X 
###chapter905
 905
Gloria had thought things were progressing well. Given Joe and Skylar’s demeanor, it was clear their relationship had advanced quickly. She felt that she might soon be holding her great- 
grandchild. 
“Since Skye’s here, why don’t we let her see the letter too?” George suddenly suggested to Gloria. 
She straightened her expression and nodded. “Yes, we were planning to call you over tomorrow. But since you’re both here now, this is perfect.” 
Even Alexander seemed to grow more serious at the mention of the letter. It seemed that the letter mentioned by George was indeed very important. 
Skylar didn’t expect that Viola had written the letter. “We want you to confirm if it’s in her handwriting,” Gloria asked after Skylar had 
taken a look. 
They were concerned that Viola’s handwriting might have changed after all these years. If someone had forged it, they might not be 
able to tell. 
Skylar’s hands trembled slightly as she held the letter. In this day and age, people usually communicate through text messages on WhatsApp or a quick call. Hardly anyone wrote letters to convey 
messages anymore. 
Yet, this method had a unique way of making the written words feel like one saw the person directly. 
Her nose tingled as she fought back tears. Viola had practically 
raised her, teaching her so much, and was no different from her real grandmother. 
“It’s a letter from Grandma Viola, Skylar said, her voice catching slightly. 
In the letter, Viola said she was doing well. She mentioned that she knew Skylar had married Joe and asked Gloria to take care of her. 
Viola was also aware of the issues regarding negative items in Jipsburg City now. 
She told them to trust her and said she could help with the situation. Viola mentioned she would be returning to Jipsburg in a 
while. 
When Skylar confirmed that Viola had indeed written the letter, the three elders‘ eyes grew misty, like children on the verge of tears. 
“Viola mentioned she’d be back in a while, but she doesn’t have a place to stay yet. She can stay at my mansion. It’s quiet, spacious, and perfect for relaxing. 
“There are plenty of houses, and she can choose whatever style she likes. If she wants to raise pets or grow vegetables, my place can definitely accommodate that,” George quickly offered. 
George’s mansion was indeed ideal for retirement. Moreover, there weren’t many people living there now–just him, a solitary 
individual. 
The security was also good, which could help Viola’s safety. 
Alexander shot George an annoyed glance. “Your place is too isolated and far. She should stay at my house. We’ve got more than enough room, and Viola can choose whichever room she likes.” 
However, Gloria shot them both disapproving glances, clearly unimpressed. She declared, “There’s no way she’ll stay with either of you. If Viola is staying anywhere, it’s with me. Both Viola and I are women, and her favorite disciple is my granddaughter–in–law. It’s only natural for her to stay with me. 
“She’ll be able to see Skye whenever she wants. We’re family, and you can’t compare. Don’t even think about competing with me for this.” 
Even though Viola hadn’t arrived yet, the three elders were already bickering over who would host her. 
Skylar, who had been holding back tears, couldn’t help but smile when she heard Gloria’s comment. She chimed in, “Exactly. Living with Grandma would be perfect. I’d even come to stay here too.” 
“Occasionally.” Joe corrected her. 
Skylar’s lips twitched as she shot him a playful glare. 
“Skye’s right,” Gloria said smugly. She had the foresight to make Skylar her granddaughter–in–law. Alexander and George were left speechless, with no counterarguments to make. 
George was still determined. He looked around the massive residence and added, “With your four or five floors, having one 
more or one less person won’t make much of a difference. I might as well stay here for a few days now and then.” 
“Count me in! It’s been a while since we played poker. Let’s get together for a game,” Alexander quickly added. 
Gloria rolled her eyes again. She said, “No way. Viola and I will live together for a while first. You two can come by once we’ve caught up. Otherwise, you’ll just get in the way.” 
###chapter906
 906
Gloria, Alexander, and George argued back and forth, unable to 
agree on anything. In the end, they decided to leave the decision to Viola. 
After spending some more time with the three elders, Skylar and Joe said their goodbyes and left Pearlhall Residence. 
On the way home, Skylar couldn’t stop smiling. She was clearly delighted. 
Joe handed her a bottle of water and asked, “You seem really 
happy.” 
Skylar nodded and replied, “Yes, I am. I’ve missed Grandma Viola so much. I’m happy she’s coming to Jipsburg. I’ve been worried about her. She hasn’t been in great health these past two years, and I was concerned she wouldn’t be able to take care of herself. 
“Now that she’s written, it’s her way of reassuring us. Knowing everyone else misses her as much as I do makes me really happy for her.” 
Joe’s tone softened as he replied, “I’ve heard Grandma talk about Grandma Viola before. To the older generation in Jipsburg, she’s a legend.” 
Skylar nodded again. “To me, Grandma Viola is amazing. She could remember everything after reading it once, and her predictions were always spot–on.” 
Joe asked, “When did you start learning antique restoration from 
her?” 
Skylar thought for a moment. “When I was about five. I was quite 
mischievous then, but at her house, I’d calm down. I loved being 
with her 
The conversation flowed naturally between them, and before they knew it, they arrived at Galaxy Villa. It wasn’t often they talked so 
much 
Just as they were about to go inside, Joe suddenly wrapped his arms around Skylar from behind. Her back was pressed against his chest, she could feel his heartbeat through the fabric of his shirt, strong and steady. 
“This is nice, just the way we are,” he murmured. 
Skylar was caught off guard but soon smiled. “Yes, it is. This feels right.” 
In that moment, she sensed Joe’s commitment to their marriage. As for love, she hoped he’d come to feel that one day. 
The following days were a whirlwind of work for Skylar. She arrived early at the office and even had to cut short her lunch breaks. It wasn’t until Friday that things finally slowed down. 
As the workday wound down, Caleb approached her. “I haven’t seen Simona since that incident of hers. I want to visit her.” 
Skylar asked, “Have you tried calling her?” 
Caleb’s voice was tinged with frustration. “I’ve called her several times in the past few days, but she hasn’t picked up.” 
“Maybe she changed her phone number,” Skylar suggested. She decided to first check with Aiken via WhatsApp to see if he knew anything and then consult with the psychologist. 
*Changed her number?” Caleb was surprised. Then he suddenly remembered something and immediately searched his messages. He hadn’t checked his messages lately because they were mostly spam or advertisements. 
After finding a message from a few days ago from Simona, he chuckled and said, “She did send me a message with her new number.” 
Seeing Caleb’s reaction, Skylar put away her phone and decided not to contact Aiken. Since Simona had informed Caleb of her new number, it meant she wasn’t averse to seeing her old friends. 
“I’ll give her a call,” Caleb said and immediately dialed Simona’s number. As it rang, each second felt like forever. He was nervous, fearing she might not answer. 
Fortunately, after a few rings, Simona picked up. 
“Simona, you-” 
Before Caleb could finish, Simona cut him off, sounding impatient. What is it? Just spit it out. If you’re just going to ramble, save it. I’m watching a show and don’t have time for your nonsense.” 
Caleb’s eyes misted. “Can I visit you now?” 
There was a brief pause before Simona replied, “Fine, come over.” 
C 
###chapter907
 907
Caleb told Simona, “I’m just getting off work now. I’ll head over right away.” 
After ending the call, he turned to Skylar. “Skylar, I’m leaving.” 
Skylar smiled and nodded. “Go ahead.” 
The fact that Simona was beginning to reconnect with friends again meant she was starting to heal from her trauma. 
Skylar had planned a getaway with Joe today, a trip to a hot spring 
resort. 
She spotted Joe’s car waiting at the curb as she left Gardner 
Group. He had chosen a different, less noticeable car today. When she got in, Joe was already on the phone. 
“I have something on today,” he said, frowning at something the person on the other end had said. After a pause, he responded, ” Alright, I’ll be there in 30 minutes.” 
Skylar’s smile faded as it became clear that their plans were about to be canceled today. 
Joe ended the call and turned to her. “Rowan had some issues at home, and Mr. Jakeman wants me to go over. You should head home and wait for me. We’ll go to the hot spring resort tomorrow.” 
“Okay,” Skylar said as she reached for the door handle, “I’ll just grab a cab home.” 
Joe stopped her. “No need. We’ll be passing by Jakeman Residence on the way home.” 
Skylar settled back into her seat. 
Joe updated Skylar about Rowan’s situation during the drive. ” Rowan had a disagreement with his family over breaking off his engagement with Minerva. Mr. Jakeman Senior disagreed, and Rowan caused a scene. It got to the point where Mr. Jakeman Senior had to discipline him.” 
“Discipline him?” Skylar was taken aback. She thought such practices were outdated. But apparently, some families still employed them. She wondered what that actually meant. 
In the past, it often involved slapping, grounding, or other harsh punishments. 
Joe’s expression grew serious. “Yes, they’re expelling Rowan from the family. From now on, he’s no longer related to them.” 
“That extreme?” Skylar’s expression changed as the gravity of the situation hit her. This wasn’t just punishment; this was complete severance. Rowan likely hadn’t anticipated such severe 
consequences. 
They soon arrived at Jakeman Residence. Joe got out of the car, and Lucas drove Skylar back to Galaxy Villa. 
About an hour later, Skylar received a call from Joe. 
“I’ll probably be very late tonight. Don’t wait up for me, and get some rest,” Joe said. 
“Okay, I understand,” Skylar replied. 
Joe hadn’t gone into detail, but she could tell the situation was complex. Clearly, Rowan had strong feelings for Jenny. 
It was the middle of the night, and Skylar was half–asleep when a phone notification startled her awake. 
She picked up her phone to find a WhatsApp message. Glancing at the clock, she saw it was already 12:30 am 
It was a message from Vera. There was no text, just a photo. 
The photo showed a group of people gathered around a birthday cake, with Vera standing front and center, beaming. 
Suddenly, Skylar noticed Joe in the photo. Surrounded by 
unfamiliar men, his strikingly handsome face stood out even in the still image 
Skylar knew why Vera had sent the photo. Her gaze lingered on Joe, noting the way he looked at Vera. Even in the dim light, Skylar could sense the emotions in his eyes.
###chapter908
 908
Skylar stared at the photo briefly before exiting her private chat with Vera. She then checked Instagram. 
Rowan had posted a new update. The photo was taken at the same place as Vera’s birthday party. She could vaguely make out Joe’s hand in the photo, recognizing it by the watch on his wrist. It was a rare piece, the only one of its kind in Jipsburg, 
Rowan’s caption read, “A very silly and adorable woman told me that even if I lost everything and wasn’t a Jakeman anymore, she would still love me. Starting today, I will try being just Rowan Jakeman, not the Jakeman from the Jakeman family.” 
It was an explicit declaration of love for Jenny and a message to the Jakeman family–Rowan was willing to give it all up for her. 
After leaving Jakeman Residence, it seemed Joe and Rowan had headed straight to Vera’s party. 
Skylar rubbed her aching temples. She went downstairs for a glass of water before returning to bed, hoping to fall asleep. 
She had barely drifted off when she heard the bed shift beside her. Joe had climbed in, pulling her into his arms as usual. He probably hadn’t expected to wake her. Noticing her slight tension, and with a hint of alcohol on his breath, he murmured, “Did I wake you?” 
“What time is it?” Skylar inquired. 
“About 3:00 am,” Joe replied. 
Skylar sat up and said, “You go back to sleep. I went to bed early and now can’t get back to sleep. I’ll go downstairs and read for a bit.” 
Without waiting for a response, Skylar slipped out of bed. Joe, sensing something off, followed her downstairs. Anyway, he 
wasn’t sleepy in the slightest. 
Skylar settled on the couch with a book. As she flipped through the pages, she heard footsteps approaching. She looked up to see Joe coming down the stairs. 
“Why aren’t you asleep?” she asked: 
Joe approached her and asked, “Is something on your mind?” 
Skylar opened her mouth, ready to say something, but decided it wasn’t worth mentioning. She shook her head and said, “It’s nothing.” Everyone has restless nights sometimes. We still have a few hours until dawn, so you should go back to sleep.” 
Joe studied her closely and asked, “Are you sure it’s nothing?” 
He seemed to want to discern something from Skylar’s eyes, but Skylar had already lowered her head and resumed reading. 
After drinking some water, Joe said, “Mr. Jakeman Senior has expelled Rowan.” 
Skylar looked up again. “Is it a full cut–off?” 
“Not entirely for now. However, Rowan’s card is frozen, and he will have to manage without the family’s support. But Rowan is 
confident he can make it on his own.” 
Skylar nodded. “I saw his Instagram earlier. It’s surprising how far he’s willing to go for Jenny.” 
Joe’s voice grew serious. “That’s not a good sign.” 
“Everyone has to be responsible for their choices. Time will reveal everything,” Skylar said, her voice calm. 
Sometimes, emotions were messy and uncontrollable -just like her tangled thoughts about the photo Vera had sent her and Joe’s unclear feelings toward Vera. 
It made sense why Vera appeared confident. 
The next morning, during breakfast, Joe suggested they visit the hot spring resort. But Skylar declined. 
“I didn’t sleep much last night and don’t have the energy. Let’s plan for another day.” 
Joe didn’t push further and agreed. “Okay.” 
###chapter909
 909
After breakfast, Skylar took a two–hour nap. When she woke and went downstairs, Joe was still there. 
“You didn’t go out?” she asked. 
Dressed in athletic wear, Joe replied, “I was waiting for you. Thought we could go for a walk and hike together.” 
The villa neighborhood was quite large, with a hill nearby. Many people went hiking there on weekends. It wasn’t a tough climb- just an hour to the top. 
Skylar perked up at the idea. “Give me a minute. I’ll change into my athletic wear.” 
She’d passed that hill so many times, always planning to hike it one weekend to enjoy the view of Jipsburg City from above, but never finding the right moment. 
After she was done changing, they set off on foot. Half an hour later, they reached the base of the hill. 
By then, many hikers were already coming down. She glanced at her watch–it was 11:30 am. “I heard there’s a vegetarian 
restaurant at the top of the hill. Would you like to try it?” 
“Sure, let’s give it a try.” Joe agreed. 
They continued their hike. The weather was perfect. As they climbed, they enjoyed the natural scenery and occasionally glimpses of the bustling city below. 
Skylar felt her mood lighten with each step. They kept a steady pace, only pausing to drink water. 
In less than an hour, they reached the summit. The restaurant had a long queue. While waiting, Skylar sat quietly, taking in the panoramic view of the city, now distant and small. 
Just as they were about to be seated, someone called out Joe’s 
name. 
“Joe? What a surprise! You… You’re here hiking too?” 
Skylar turned, immediately recognizing the voice. It was indeed a surprise to run into her here. 
Vera smiled brightly at them. Next to her was a gentleman who bore a resemblance to her. “This is my cousin, Justin Bowen. Justin, this is Joe Martin. You should know him. And this is… Skylar Sullivan.” 
After the brief introduction, Justin, who was already familiar with Joe, extended his hand. “I’ve seen Mr. Martin at several events, but we never had the chance to speak. It’s quite a coincidence that we run into each other like this today.” 
Joe glanced at Justin’s hand but didn’t shake it right away. 
11 
Sensing the awkwardness, Vera quickly took Justin’s hand. Justin, it’s the weekend, not a workday. You don’t need to be so formal.” 
Justin realized his mistake and chuckled. He said, “Right, right. My mistake.” 
“Since we’ve run into each other, why don’t we eat together? It’s good that we met you, or we’d still be waiting in line. I didn’t expect the restaurant here to be so crowded.” 
Although Vera kept talking, her conversation was solely directed at Joe. She completely ignored Skylar. 
彩 
Skylar didn’t mind. The scenery was so beautiful that Skylar preferred to be quiet, taking in the views and daydreaming. 
Justin chimed in, “I’ve heard from my assistant that this restaurant is known for its unique vegetarian dishes. It’s the only one of its kind in Jipsburg.” 
As he spoke, he subtly assessed Skylar, who was standing next to Joe. Familiar with the Ruells‘ recent ordeal, Justin instantly recognized Skylar’s name. He was taken aback by her striking beauty, especially considering her apparent youth. She seemed significantly younger, perhaps seven or eight years younger than 
him. 
He wondered about her relationship with Joe. Seeing Joe here on the weekend and hiking with someone was out of character; Vera, too, was behaving oddly that day. Usually quiet, she was especially chatty today. Justin wondered if it was because of Skylar. 
Furthermore, it was unexpected to see Joe accompanied by a woman, given his previous lack of romantic involvement. Justin had always assumed that Joe was waiting for Vera. But now… 
###chapter910
 910
After a brief wait, Joe, Skylar, Vera, and Justin were shown to their seats. Once settled, Vera picked up the menu and started ordering. 
“I’ve ordered a few of the house specialties. Let me know if you want anything else,” she said. 
Vera was always surrounded by friends who catered to her 
wherever she went. She was used to being the one to decide what to eat as if everything naturally revolved around her. 
Joe handed Skylar the menu. “Take a look and see if you’d like 
anything.” 
At that, Vera’s arrogance waned slightly with a hint of reluctance in her gaze. 
Justin, observing from the side, sighed inwardly. Men often 
understood each other in ways others didn’t. It was clear that Joe likely considered Vera less important now. 
“How about these two?” Skylar chose one main course and one dish from the ala carte menu. 
Joe added another dish. The food was all vegetarian options, and they arrived promptly, as did the tea. 
Skylar found the light vegetarian dishes refreshing after recently indulging in heavier meals. She enjoyed the simplicity of the 
flavors and ate quietly. 
Meanwhile, Vera and Justin made small talk with Joe, though Justin was more skilled at keeping the conversation light and pleasant. 
Despite Joe’s reserve and Skylar’s silence, the atmosphere at the table seemed comfortable enough, 
Although Vera had ordered several dishes, she didn’t find them particularly enjoyable, only taking a bite of each. 
“Ms. Sullivan, do you actually enjoy vegetarian food?” Vera asked, noticing that Skylar was eating continuously. 
Skylar had intended to enjoy the meal quietly, then take her time descending the hill, soaking in the views she’d missed earlier. But Vera clearly had other plans, unwilling to let the meal pass peacefully. 
Looking up from her plate, Skylar replied coolly, “Yes, it tastes good. 
“I’m not used to it. Looks like the online reviews were a bit misleading. Joe, how about we go for steak after we head down the hill? I noticed you haven’t eaten much either,” Vera suggested, turning to Joe. 
Skylar and Joe’s differing tastes hinted at the potential fragility of their relationship. She could sense that Joe wasn’t particularly fond of vegetarian dishes, just like she was. The strong flavors of some of the organic vegetables made the meal less appealing for 
Vera. 
Justin, being perceptive, chose to stay silent at this moment. If Joe agreed to steak, he could easily excuse himself once they arrived at the hill’s base. But while he could make an excuse to leave, Skylar… 
“Skylar and I have other plans. Maybe another time,” Joe replied. 
Vera gripped her utensils tighter, frustrated by Joe’s indifference. She had gone out of her way to invite him, and he had the nerve to 
turn her down. Worse, he made a point to mention Skylar, emphasizing their plans together. 
Was their sudden marriage really that solid? It felt like Joe was going out of his way to spite her. Vera had never expected Joe to have such a vengeful side. 
Skylar pretended not to notice the subtle exchange between Vera and Joe. She kept her focus on her meal. 
She didn’t mind. 
After finishing her meal, Skylar stood up. “I’m going to the restroom.” 
As she made her way to the restroom, she pondered what excuse she could use to leave early. When she emerged from the stall and started washing her hands, Vera walked in. 
###chapter911
 911
Without Joe around, Vera’s face was devoid of any smiles. 
As soon as she spotted Skylar, Vera smirked. “Joe attended my birthday party yesterday. You must have seen the photos, right? 
“We’ve had our disagreements over the years, but we still care for each other. I won’t say anything too harsh, but I hope you know where you stand. By the way, the fact that you managed to marry Joe–besides his grandmother’s influence -did you perhaps use some underhanded methods?” 
Skylar had just finished washing her hands and was drying them with a tissue. She looked at Vera with an impassive expression. There’s no need to be two–faced. Just because you have a guilty conscience doesn’t mean others do too. You should reflect on yourself.” 
With that, Skylar walked out of the restroom. 
Vera watched Skylar’s retreating figure, her teeth clenched in anger. Skylar had the audacity to call her two–faced and insinuate she had a guilty conscience -no one had ever dared to speak to Vera like that–she was always treated like royalty. 
Skylar must have been poisoning Joe’s mind about her. 
11 
After leaving the restaurant, Vera and Justin planned to head down the hill with them. However, Skylar, wanting to savor the scenic descent, decided to browse the nearby convenience store instead. 
Skylar, without waiting to see if Joe would join Vera, headed straight to the convenience store. 
The convenience store at the hilltop was filled with souvenirs and postcards, an ideal place for a casual browse. Skylar selected a few trinkets and bought herself a smoothie. She was about to sit by the window, ready to enjoy her drink and the view, when 
someone sat beside her. 
She turned and saw Joe. 
“Aren’t you going down the hill with them?” Skylar asked. 
Joe’s expression was cold. “Do you know who I am?” 
His tone took Skylar aback. “You… You are Joe Martin.” 
Joe stared at her for a moment before his face grew even more stern, likely due to her attitude. “I’m your husband.” 
Skylar was confused. What was he getting at? 
“Why did you leave on your own earlier? Why didn’t you wait for me?” he questioned further. 
Skylar found his behavior puzzling. “I thought you wanted to go down the hill with Vera and Justin. I didn’t want to force you to join 
me at the convenience store.” 
She assumed he would be happier if he spent time alone with Vera. 
Vera’s photo from the previous day had shaken her a bit. She had come to terms with their relationship since it didn’t involve love. But if real feelings were involved, she refused to be the third wheel or a tool to test their bond. She wasn’t willing to be used or manipulated. 
Joe’s face remained stern. “When did I say I wanted to go with 
them?” 
Skylar found herself speechless; Joe hadn’t said that. 
The two of them fell into silence. 
Skylar continued sipping her smoothie. 
Eventually, they left the store together, a quiet understanding passing between them as they walked leisurely down the hill. 
Vera and Justin got into the car once they arrived at the base. 
Justin glanced at Vera in the passenger seat. “Shall I take you home?” 
Vera had been silent since the descent, and her expression had darkened further. “I’m not going home. Take me somewhere for a drink.” 
“Feeling upset?” Justin asked, noting her mood. “I don’t know Joe well, but I heard he’s a bit of a mystery. While he hasn’t had many women around him in the past, I believe you’ve met your match this time.” 
In a serious tone, he added, “Joe’s feelings for Skylar aren’t just a passing fling. It’s clear she holds a real place in his heart.” 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter912
 912
Vera’s face paled further. “That’s impossible. Skylar must have played dirty. Joe will eventually see through her. Besides, what does she even have to compete with me?” 
Seeing Vera’s stubbornness, Justin said nothing else, realizing there was no point in arguing further. The Ruell family had raised her to be proud and headstrong, and she rarely listened to others. 
From what Justin had observed at the restaurant, Skylar didn’t seem like the type to resort to 
underhanded tactics. In terms of appearance alone, Skylar was more attractive and had a certain allure that made men want to know more about her. 
Had Justin met Skylar elsewhere, he might have even asked for her phone number. On the other hand, Vera tended to make people feel distant. 
Meanwhile, Natalie had just returned from the set to her hotel in Fachington. She headed straight for the shower as the heat had been unbearable. 
While she had protected herself from the sun with an umbrella, Austin had spent the entire day standing under the blazing sun, filming non–stop. She couldn’t help but admire him. 
Natalie reflected on the day’s events as she showered. She had never spent so much time under such scorching conditions before. The more she thought about it, the more impressed she became with Austin’s dedication. 
After her shower, she applied a face mask before climbing into bed and chatted with Skylar on WhatsApp. “This weather is unbearable, and the food here is terrible. I’m starting to miss Jipsburg. Skye, I miss you so much. 
“But I have to say, Mr. Powell is incredibly dedicated. Even in this awful weather, he didn’t take a single break while filming. I really admire him.” 
She sent a few voice messages to Skylar but received no response. Skylar must have been busy. 
When the time was up, Natalie removed her face mask and washed her face. Then, she proceeded with her skincare routine. 
Just as she was about to return to bed after completing her skincare regime, Natalie heard a knock at the door. It was such a late hour, and she wondered if it was Austin outside. 
She walked over to the door and peeked through the peephole. 
Upon seeing Austin standing outside, she quickly opened the door. 
“Mr. Powell.” 
Austin stood there, dressed in casual loungewear, and his hair was still damp from a recent shower. 
“Do you have a moment?” His gaze lingered on Natalie, who was smiling brightly. 
There was something about Natalie that radiated a vibrant energy that made even the most complex things feel easy. 
Without hesitation, Natalie nodded and said, “I do. If you need anything, just say the word, Mr. Powell. I’ll do 
my best.” 
Austin studied her for a moment before smiling. “I’m struggling with the rhythm of the two scenes we’re filming tomorrow. Could you help me run through them?” 
“Me?” Natalie pointed at herself. “Are you sure I can handle it?” 
She knew helping Austin rehearse would require some acting skills, and she worried about messing it up. “Don’t worry. You certainly can,” Austin reassured her. 
Taking a deep breath, Natalie steeled herself. “Alright, I’ll give it a try. But if I mess it up, you have to tell 
me.” 
“Deal.” 
A few minutes later, Natalie skimmed through the content of the two scenes. The first one seemed easy enough. It was just a dialogue between the male and female leads in a bar. 
But the next one was a love scene. And not just any love scene–a full–on kissing scene with no lines at all. It was the kind of scene that would make anyone’s heart race. 
###chapter913
 913
The scene involved subtle glances and physical interactions in bed. For actors, performing intimate scenes was quite normal and didn’t feel awkward. But for Natalie… 
She took a deep breath to calm herself, mentally scolding, “What am I even thinking?” 
It was just a rehearsal. They were merely running lines, exchanging a few glances to help Austin get into character. There was no need for actual intimacy, nor would she ever consider crossing that line. 
Even if the thought crossed her mind, she certainly wouldn’t act on it. 
The first run–through went smoothly. 
Austin, impressed, complimented her, “Have you ever thought about studying acting? Even though we were just rehearsing the lines, you caught on quickly and responded well to my cues.” 
Natalie shook her head, smiling shyly. “You’re just being nice. I’m not that good.” 
Natalie sensed that Austin’s expectations of her were low, which made sense since he wasn’t holding her to an actor’s standard. That was probably why he didn’t push her too hard and believed she had potential. 
“Let’s move on to the next scene,” Austin said with a smile. 
Natalie grew nervous as she glanced at the scene description. She couldn’t help but confess, “Mr. Powell, this next scene is way too intimate. It mainly involves eye contact between the two
characters. 
“I can’t really… perform that. Maybe you could just act it out and pretend my face is the female lead’s?” 
She deliberately left out the physical aspects of the scene. Intimacy was hard for her to perform, but she could manage eye contact. 
With a low and serious tone, Austin replied, “Alright.” 
Despite her claims of being unable to perform, Natalie did her best to immerse herself in the role. She wanted to help Austin as much as possible. After all, she watched him film daily and had picked up some professionalism from observing. 
But Austin’s gaze was charged with an intensity that made her heart race. She could feel the sexual tension building. 
Thankfully, she remained focused. Otherwise, she might have thought Austin had different intentions. 
Natalie couldn’t help but gush over Austin in her head. “Oh my god! Mr. Powell 
is so charming, and his acting is incredible. It’s like I’m the female lead in this scene. That’s the magic of Mr. Powell. I’ve got to tell Skylar about this later.” 
She wouldn’t have imagined being in this position a year ago, helping Austin with his scenes. 
Natalie’s mind was initially scattered, but she slowly got drawn into the scene. 
Suddenly, her thoughts went blank. 
She didn’t realize when it happened, but everything went dark before her. And then, she was kissed. 
The kiss deepened gradually. But at that moment, someone knocked on the door, jolting them both back to reality. 
Natalie snapped out of it, staring at Austin in shock. “Mr. Powell…” 
Austin swallowed hard, his gaze dark and intense, with a palpable desire swirling in his eyes. 
The knocking continued, insistent and loud. 
Austin looked at Natalie, who was still in shock. After a few seconds, he said, “I’ll get the door.” 
The person at the door was a colleague from the studio, Harlan Hurlbutt. He was taken aback when Austin opened the door. “Mr. Powell? Did I knock on the wrong door? Isn’t Nath supposed to be in this 
room?” 
“We were rehearsing a scene. Is there something you need?” Austin asked, his face stern. 
Harlan sensed Austin’s irritation. Knowing how dedicated he was, Harlan guessed that Austin was upset because he had interrupted his work, He stammered, “It’s… It’s nothing important. I’ll talk to her tomorrow. 
With that, Austin closed the door. 
Harlan stood outside, feeling puzzled. He couldn’t understand why Austin was rehearsing with Natalie when he had always practiced his lines with Hank. 
Hank had just been in his room, looking for someone to grab a drink with. 
Harlan shook his head. 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
X 
###chapter914
 914
A thought flashed through Harlan’s mind. Since they were in the room together at this time, maybe… 
Harlan quickly dismissed that thought. Austin and Natalie would never get involved like that. It had to be because Hank was drinking, so Austin came to rehearse lines with Natalie. 
Meanwhile, inside the room, Austin turned to face Natalie after closing the door. 
Natalie had just regained her composure. Her face remained flushed as she looked at him. She opened her mouth to speak, but she hesitated. After what had just happened, the words wouldn’t come easily. 
“Earlier…” Austin began to speak. 
Natalie quickly cut him off. “What happened earlier was just you getting into the character. I understand, Mr. Powell.” 
So that was what it felt like to really embody a role. For a moment, it felt like she was the character in that scene, with Austin as her partner. Even though she told herself it was just acting, the memory of the kiss made her heart race. 
After all, Austin was just too captivating. During that scene, she almost believed he had feelings for her. But she knew better. It was just acting. Whatever flicker of emotion she thought she saw in his eyes had already faded. 
After a long pause, he said, “Yes, it was just me getting into character.” 
Skylar had just come down from the hill when she saw Natalie’s message. She settled into the car and replied to her message. 
“Be sure to use sunscreen.” 
“Skylar, you won’t believe what happened! Mr. Powell asked me to help with a scene, and it was an intimate one between the leads. We both got so into character. Then, he kissed me, and for a moment, really felt like the female lead. 
* 
“I can’t believe it. During the scene, I almost thought Mr. Powell actually liked me. Thankfully, I’m not a professional actress. Even though I got into character for a moment, I snapped out of it quickly. 
I 
“I know better, though. Mr. Powell’s acting is just that good–it pulled me right in, even though I’m not an actress.” 
Skylar read Natalie’s lengthy message, sensing the whirlwind of emotions in her words. A part of her wondered if the kiss had really been just part of the rehearsal. 
Skylar suddenly thought that Austin might have real feelings for Natalie. Could a professional actor like him really get so wrapped up in character during a private rehearsal? 
Maybe her understanding of acting wasn’t deep enough. 
“Are you sure he hasn’t developed real feelings for you?” she texted back. 
Natalie’s response was quick. “No way! Even if I got carried away, Mr. Powell definitely wouldn’t. I’m realistic. The actress he’s working with is a superstar in Fachington. She’s stunning, the kind of person even I’d be jealous of. I’m too exhausted, so I’m heading to bed now.” 
Skylar couldn’t help but smile and shake her head at Natalie’s response. 
Joe, who was beside her, noticed Skylar’s bright smile and asked, “What’s making you so happy?” 
“Natalie was just sharing some of her adventures in Fachington. It’s quite the story,” Skylar replied. 
When the car stopped at a red light, Joe glanced at her and asked, “Would you like to visit Fachington ?” “Maybe, if the opportunity arises.” 
Joe drummed his fingers on the steering wheel. “I’ll be going there on business in about a month. Would you like to come along?” 
Skylar was tempted. She had some work to finish, but she could likely wrap it up within the next few days and take some time off from Alexander, so she asked, “When exactly?” 
“In about two weeks.” 
Skylar made up her mind immediately. “Alright, I should be able to finish my work by then.” 
Joe smiled. “Do you want to have dinner at home or eat out?” 
“Let’s eat at home.” 
“Okay.” 
###chapter915
 915
It was Monday morning. The rush hour was in full swing, and traffic was exceptionally heavy. The car barely moved. 
Skylar had no choice but to pull over into a roadside parking spot. Deciding she’d get to work faster another way, she hopped out and headed for the subway. Fortunately, the subway wasn’t as congested, though still crowded. 
The gridlock wasn’t just on the streets–it was underground too. 
Joe sent her a photo of the traffic jam with a message that read, “Stuck in traffic.” 
Skylar replied, “Same here. I parked the car by the roadside and took the subway. I think I made the right 
choice.” 
She might have been stuck for another hour if she had stayed on the road. 
As the subway got busier, Skylar put her phone away and held on, waiting for her stop–there were just three more to go. 
In about ten minutes, she emerged from the station with 15 minutes to spare before clocking in. After crossing the street, she calmly walked toward the Gardner Group building. 
In the group chat, everyone discussed the traffic. Someone mentioned an accident on one of the main roads. 
The road they were talking about was the one she took daily. 
She was about to snap a photo of the office to share when someone stepped in front of her camera. 
Skylar stared at the screen, momentarily thrown off. She wondered whether she had mistaken the person for someone else or if they simply looked alike. 
“Skylar, long time no see.” 
It was Christopher, and his eyes were deep and filled with emotion as he looked at her. It was as if he were gazing at a precious treasure he had just found again; it was an intense, loving gaze. He appeared not to want to miss a single moment. 
Skylar put away her phone, unsure what to feel. She hadn’t seen him in months and had convinced herself they wouldn’t cross paths again. Yet here he was, standing right in front of her. 
Seeing that Skylar wasn’t responding, Christopher’s eyes grew misty with emotion. “I’ve spent the past few months back in our hometown. I visited our old school, Seeing the students there brought back so many memories of us. 
“I’ll never be able to like anyone else in this lifetime, Skylar. I’ve come to understand and realize my mistakes. I truly mean it. Every word I’m saying is from the heart.” 
He sounded desperate, and his eyes were wet with unshed tears. 
Every word rang true. Over the past few months, Skylar was all he could think about whenever he had a mornent to himself. 
“Even my mom realizes how wrong she was. She knows she treated you poorly and regrets everything. She said, if given the chance, she would make it right. We can’t lose you.” 
Seeing Skylar’s impassive expression, he was so anxious that he moved closer, almost ready to embrace her. 
He continued, 
Joe doesn’t really care about you. He’s just stringing you along. I saw reports online–he’s interested in Ms. Vera Ruell. They’re a perfect match. You’re just a placeholder in his eyes, Skylar. I don’t want to see you get hurt.” 
Skylar stepped back, her face cold as she regarded him. Months had passed, and yet Christopher remained the same. He talked of regret, but his words felt like manipulation. 
“Do I need to call the police?” she asked icily. 
Christopher stiffened, biting his lip. “Don’t you believe me?” 
He then pulled out a stack of photos from his backpack. 
“Just look at these photos, and you’ll see that Joe can’t possibly care about you.” 
1/ 
###chapter916
 916
Joe and Vera appeared youthful in the photos. 
The photos were clearly taken during their school days. There were many, and Christopher showed them to Skylar one by one, trying to make her see Joe for who he really was, warning her not to be swayed by his charm. 
In each picture, Joe and Vera were always looking at each other, exuding a deep bond. Whether it was the atmosphere captured or their real affection, they looked like the perfect couple. 
Both were stunningly attractive. Each photo felt like a scene from a heartwarming school romance, leaving anyone who saw it with a sense of envy. 
“See? Joe and Vera are meant to be. They’re just tangled in misunderstandings right now, both trying to prove they matter more to each other. You’re just a pawn in their story, helping them realize their true feelings,” Christopher said, stressing every word. 
His message was clear–Skylar needed to stop dreaming about Joe. 
Skylar shot him a cold look. “Get lost.” 
Even after all the effort Christopher put into manipulating, she had nothing to say to him. His face darkened, but he quickly remembered why he had returned to Jipsburg. 
Suddenly, his eyes misted over. “Babe, can’t we go back to how things were? They have their youth and love, but don’t we? Our love was the kind people envied. If you want, we can have it all back. 
“This diamond ring is yours–I knew it the moment I saw it. Let’s get married. I’ll love you and only you,/ forever,” he pleaded, voice heavy with emotion. 
A year ago, those words might have swayed her. Now, they felt empty, like crocodile tears. 
Skylar dialed the emergency number. “911? I’m being harassed. The location is…” 
She had only listened to Christopher’s rambling to find out what he was plotting. The photos were personal, probably only kept by Joe, Vera, or their close friends. Why did Christopher have them? Even the rumors floating online didn’t include pictures that were this clear or any kind of close–ups. 
When Christopher realized she was calling the police, his face twisted. 
“You! You really don’t care about our relationship at all, do you? What will you do if Joe throws you away? You can’t afford to go against the Ruells. 
“Are you not afraid they’ll target you and make sure you lose your job with Mr. Gardner Senior? I’m doing this for your own good, yet you called the police!” 
He couldn’t believe how ruthless she had become. After being apart for so long, he had hoped her anger would have faded, maybe even miss their past together. But now, she was colder than ever; she treated him like he didn’t exist. 
Remembering his bold promises to Vera, he reached into his pocket. Before Skylar could react, he sprayed something in her face. “Don’t blame me for this.” 
That was the last thing she heard before everything went black. Moving quickly, Christopher pulled a jacket from his bag and carefully dressed her in it. He supported her limp body, guiding her to the side of the road. 
A car pulled up shortly after, but just as they were about to leave, Skylar’s colleagues passed by. One of them glanced over at Christopher and muttered, “That girl looks like Skylar.” 
“Does she?” 
They looked again, but her face was obscured, pressed against his shoulder. Besides, she seemed like someone who had had too much to drink. 
###chapter917
 917
C **1*7 However, it was work hours, and there was no chance Skylar would be drinking. Half an hour passed before Caleb noticed Skylar still hadn’t shown up. He shot her a quick message on WhatsApp. “Stuck in traffic?” More than ten minutes passed without a reply. Caleb stared at the growing stack of work in front of him, his eyelids twitching. An uneasy feeling began to gnaw at him. After waiting a while longer with still no response, he couldn’t shake the feeling that something was off. He dialed her number. Her phone was off. That wasn’t like her. Caleb quickly called Joe, Joe answered the phone quickly, but it was obvious he was in the middle of work. His tone was cold.” What is it?” Caleb got straight to the point. “Is Skylar home today? She hasn’t come to work, and I can’t reach her. Something doesn’t feel right.” “What did you say?” Joe’s voice dropped, cold and cutting. Caleb repeated himself. “Skylar hasn’t shown up-” “She was supposed to be there 40 minutes ago.” Joe’s voice was icy. Without another word, he hung up. The abrupt end of the call stunned Caleb for a moment. If Skylar was supposed to have arrived nearly an hour ago, something was definitely wrong. His eyes widened in realization. “D**n it!” Worry crept in. Caleb quickly asked in the company group chat if anyone had seen Skylar that morning. No one had. Just then, someone mentioned spotting a man carrying a woman to the street across Gardner Group earlier. The woman resembled Skylar. Caleb’s mind raced. Could she have fallen ill, and someone came to help her? He immediately
pulled up the building’s surveillance footage. Though she wasn’t near the main entrance, Skylar’s outfit and appearance were unmistakable. Then, a man appeared, speaking to her at length. Moments later, Skylar collapsed, and the man carried her to a nearby car. Caleb immediately forwarded the footage to Joe, then rushed to file a police report. Skylar regained consciousness the moment she was placed down in an apartment. But her body felt weak -likely from whatever Christopher had sprayed on her so she decided to keep pretending to be asleep. used a spray to knock her out and brought her here… I know I shouldn’t have done it, but I couldn’t stand it anymore. She only thinks about Joe now and doesn’t listen to anything I say. You’ve got to help me figure this out. “Besides, me taking Skylar away benefits you too, doesn’t it? I’ll stop talking now. I’m going to f**k her. The longer I wait, the messier things get. By the time Joe comes looking, it’ll already be too late. Skylar and I would have already done the deed, I’ll make sure he sees how I’ve **ed her.
###chapter918
 918
Christopher ended the call and approached the bed, swiftly undressing, his gaze never leaving Skylar. “We’ve been together for years, and I’ve always respected you, never once touching you. But you let Joe have you. You owe me that much.” The thought of Skylar with Joe filled him with uncontrollable jealousy. Skylar had overheard every word of his conversation and committed it to memory. As he undressed, she felt a wave of nausea but was too weak to move effectively. When Christopher climbed onto the bed, she summoned all her remaining strength and rolled onto the floor. “Christopher, if you dare touch me, I’ll make sure you regret it,” Skylar spat, biting her lip. Christopher froze, shocked to see her awake. “You’re conscious?” Seeing Skylar roll off onto the floor without getting back up, he realized that the drug’s effects hadn’t worn off yet. He had acquired the drug through special channels. The drug was designed to render someone unconscious for several hours, making them completely vulnerable. “It’s good that you’ve regained consciousness. Such things should be done when you’re fully aware. Skylar, this is what you owe me. “I’ve wanted to get intimate with you over the years, but you’ve always rejected me. If you hadn’t turned me down, I wouldn’t have been seduced by Maisy.” Christopher’s gaze was fixed on Skylar as he spewed his twisted justifications. Skylar’s face was pale, with beads of sweat on her forehead. She felt utterly weak; the brief movement had drained all her strength. “If you dare touch me, I’ll kill you with my own hands.” She bit her lip so hard that it started bleeding. The metallic taste filled her mouth, jolting her into sharper focus. Her fists clenched, her mind racing. Looking around, she realized she was in a small apartment. It was probably a temporary rental that Christopher had arranged upon arriving in Jipsburg. 
He had likely meticulously planned to drug and abduct her. Christopher was momentarily stunned by Skylar’s words, but then he burst into a peal of crazed laughter.” Do you even know where you are? This place is empty during the day. Scream all you want no one will hear. And after we f**d, do you think you’ll still want to kill me? After all these years, I know you better than that.” He didn’t want to waste time and was wary that Skylar might be stalling. Besides, he was fully aware of Joe’s capabilities. Now that he had bound Skylar and things had spiraled beyond repair, he felt compelled to take the risk and f**k her. “I’ve watched the Williams family fall to ruin. Do you think I’ll let you get away with this?” Skylar’s voice was icy. His smirk faltered at the mention of the Williams family, knowing their fall had been even more catastrophic than his own. Still… “It’s quite the coincidence. We’re clearly meant for each other. Do you know why Maisy was sold? It’s because she plotted against me. “She’s been manipulating me and ruining my relationship with you, so I got my revenge by selling her and Kenny. We’re both vengeful by nature. Don’t you see? We belong together,” Christopher said, stepping closer to Skylar and crouching down. He continued, “Don’t try to threaten me. You won’t have the strength to resist for the next few hours. Just cooperate with me, and I’ll be gentle and won’t hurt you.” Skylar’s face grew even paler as cold sweat soaked her clothes. Skylar’s eyes caught sight of a pen on the floor as he reached for her. Christopher had likely dropped it. In a flash, she grabbed it and stabbed it into his hand. “Ah! You!” Christopher cried out in pain and stumbled back a few steps.
###chapter919
 919
The pen had struck an acupuncture point on Christopher’s hand. 
Skylar immediately felt a wave of dizziness, her strength draining instantly. She couldn’t let Christopher 
touch her. 
His face twisted in pain as blood oozed from his hand. Seeing Skylar slumped by the bed’s edge, barely conscious, it was clear the effort had nearly sapped her completely. 
“You’ve crossed the line. You’ve never done this to me before. Look at my hand–it’s bleeding, and it really hurts. Babe, just cooperate with me. I promise I won’t hurt you again, be a good girl,” Christopher coaxed, his patience wearing thin. 
Skylar remained motionless, her eyes closed as she rested. 
When Skylar didn’t respond, Christopher assumed she’d given in. He quickly moved closer and lifted her into his arms. 
Skylar felt utterly powerless. She attempted to struggle, but her movements were so weak that they were almost imperceptible. 
“You’ll regret this…” she said through gritted teeth, her voice weak. 
Christopher was momentarily taken aback by Skylar’s cold, hateful gaze, but then greed took over him. “If I don’t do this, I’ll regret it for the rest of my life. You were always meant to be mine.” 
Christopher yanked off Skylar’s outer jacket with one hand and began to unfasten her pants. 
Just as he was pulling them down to her knees, the doorbell rang. The incessant ringing felt like a death knell. 
Christopher’s eyes were bloodshot. He was on the edge of losing control. He tried to ignore it, but the persistent knocking, followed by the sound of someone attempting to unlock the door, made him pause. This apartment had seen frequent break–ins. Christopher glanced at Skylar, pale and murderous, and felt a jolt of fear. He couldn’t explain why he was suddenly afraid. But he quickly shook it off as paranoia. Even if Joe was skilled, he couldn’t possibly find this place. 
“I’ll see who’s stupid enough to break in. Wait for me,” Christopher muttered, striding toward the door, not bothering to dress. He peered through the peephole, but it was blocked. Frowning, he yelled, “Someone’s here! Did you come to the wrong place? Leave now or I’ll call the police!” 
After threatening the unknown visitor, Christopher returned to the room. 
Skylar was trying to crawl away. He frowned and snapped, “Stop struggling. What’s the point? Do you hate the idea of being close to me that much? Didn’t you always say you loved me? 
“I remember asking you if you’d ever fall for anyone else. You swore you’d only love me, that no one else would ever have your heart. And now, you won’t even let me touch you.” 
Christopher leaned in and tried to kiss Skylar. She turned her head away, her eyes full of hatred. 
Christopher, you’ll regret this.” 
Christopher gripped Skylar’s face and forced her to face him. His voice trembled with madness. “Beg me, Skylar. Beg me to be with you.” 
And then, there was a loud bang. 
###chapter920
 920
The front door was abruptly kicked open. 
“It’s unlocked. The lock’s broken,” the locksmith barely finished before a figure barged in. 
Joe’s eyes locked on Christopher, who stood completely naked. Joe visibly shook with anger. His gaze then darted to Skylar, lying beneath Christopher. Her hair was disheveled, her face pale, but at least she was still clothed. 
“You’re looking for a beating!” Joe roared. He charged forward, landing a punch squarely on Christopher’s stunned face, sending him tumbling off the bed. 
The moment Skylar saw Joe, she lost her remaining strength and fell into unconsciousness. Joe’s hands were trembling as he carefully removed his own clothes and draped them on Skylar. He then stepped forward, lifting her gently into his arms. 
Christopher, still reeling from the punch, was left dazed. “How… How did you find us so quickly? Skylar is my girlfriend. She’s mine. You can’t just take her away. Impossible… How could this happen…” 
Joe’s hands shook as he held Skylar tightly. His eyes were cold and filled with fury as he instructed Paul outside the door, “Send him to the police station. Make sure to hand over all the evidence of him trafficking others to the authorities,” Joe ordered. 
Upon hearing his words, Christopher’s face turned pale. He suddenly snapped back to reality. He said, You can’t send me to the police station. Skylar came to me willingly. You can’t force her to leave with you. She knew about your relationship with Vera and was disheartened. That’s why she reached out to me. 
“Look, she even took that drug to please me and make sure I was satisfied. If you hadn’t interrupted us, we would have already been enjoying ourselves.” 
Christopher wasn’t foolish. He knew he had to say something to stir up trouble between Skylar and Joe. He hoped Joe would misunderstand the situation and believe he and Skylar were involved. 
As the people at the door moved closer, Christopher scrambled to gather his scattered clothes. 
Paul had already walked over and lifted his foot, aiming a kick at him. “You’re as disgusting as what just came out of your mouth.” 
Others who had followed Paul in also began kicking Christopher. Christopher writhed on the ground, clutching his head. 
This time, he wasn’t afraid. After all, he had the Ruell family backing him. 
Across the street in a high–rise office building, Vera watched as Joe left with Skylar. She also saw Christopher being taken away by the police. 
She realized that Christopher had made a mess of things. 
“Useless!” Vera fumed. 
He had been with Skylar since high school, yet he couldn’t even keep her by his side. He had to drug her just to take her away. 
She wouldn’t have sought Christopher out if she knew he was this useless. What surprised her even more was how much Joe cared about Skylar. 
After learning she was missing, Joe used every connection he had to find her as quickly as possible. 
Beside her, Justin withdrew his gaze. He then looked at Vera with a frown and said, “You’ve mishandled this matter. If Joe finds out you were the one who brought Christopher to Jipsburg City, he might turn against you. You two might never reconcile.” 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
###chapter921
 921
Vera bit her lip, her face turning pale. “I don’t believe Joe would turn against me for Skylar. She must not mean as much to him as I do.” 
Seeing that Vera was still not grasping the gravity of the situation, Justin felt a mix of frustration and resignation. He decided to address the immediate issue rather than confronting her further. 
“We need to find someone to keep Christopher quiet. No matter what happens, he must not reveal that you were behind bringing him to Jipsburg. In recent years, Joe has been known for his ruthless methods; even his uncle is wary of him. 
“Although your family is well–established in Jipsburg and might not fear direct retaliation from Joe, it’s best to distance yourself and avoid any potential fallout. Furthermore, if you end up with Joe, you don’t want this incident to create a rift between you two and affect your relationship.” 
Vera frowned and replied, “I understand.” 
Justin nodded. 
After a moment, Vera suddenly asked, “Did Christopher really fuck Skylar? Given the time that’s passed and the drugs Skylar was given, it’s likely that he did. If Joe sees Skylar with her ex– boyfriend, he’s going to be upset.” 
Justin was momentarily taken aback by Vera’s question. He suddenly realized that Vera, who had once seemed so proud and arrogant, was actually just putting on a fa?ade. Although she seemed indifferent on the surface, she was deeply concerned underneath. 
“He probably hadn’t. If he had, the situation would be far more complicated than just having the police escort him away,” Justin said with certainty. 
Justin had seen firsthand how carefully Joe protected Skylar, gently placing her into the car. The quick response in locating her demonstrated Joe’s dedication. 
Vera bit her lip. She was visibly frustrated. “Christopher is truly useless. If he hadn’t told me himself how much Skylar used to love him, I would never have brought him to Jipsburg.” 
Seeing that Vera still hadn’t grasped the seriousness of the situation, Justin frowned and said, “Now is not the time to dwell on this. You need to use your family’s connections to resolve this issue immediately. 
Vera collected herself. Her face darkened as she took out her phone and made a call. 
After getting a response from the end of the line, she said to Justin, “Fortunately, I’ve made some additional arrangements when I brought Christopher to Jipsburg. I thought I wouldn’t need them, but it turns out he was completely useless.” 
“How could Skylar be so heartless? After so many years with Christopher, how could she just walk away so easily?” Vera wondered aloud. 
Justin frowned and warned, “Vera, if you keep dwelling on this, you’ll lose perspective. Don’t forget what the name Vera Ruell represents in Jipsburg. Many girls here envy you, and you can’t afford to lose yourself, nor can you let your emotions for Joe cloud your judgment.” 
Vera was struck by his words and immediately became clear–headed. 
She shouldn’t have acted in panic. Bringing Christopher to Jipsburg showed that she was afraid. She was afraid that Skylar might truly win Joe’s heart. 
She was Vera Ruell, the one whom so many people in Jipsburg looked up to. 
When Skylar woke up at Apollo Hospital, it was already dark outside. She felt a renewed strength in her body. The first thing she saw was Joe sitting on the couch, engrossed in his phone. 
Joe was dealing with some work, giving instructions in a low voice. “If you can’t come up with a satisfactory solution, you can disband the entire department.” 
From his tone, it was clear Joe was angry. 
Skylar recalled the events before she lost consciousness, realizing how timely Joe’s arrival had been. Just thinking about the situation she would have faced if he hadn’t shown up sent a chill through her. The fear she felt then was more intense than when Molly and the others had schemed against her. 
Joe suddenly looked up and met her gaze. He immediately put his phone down. “You’re awake? How are you feeling now?” 
###chapter922
 922
Skylar said, “I’m fine.” 
She tried moving a little. Her strength was returning, but with the IV drip still in her arm, she couldn’t move too much. 
Joe glanced at the IV bag. “About 20 minutes more, and it should be done.” 
Skylar nodded, but something suddenly came to mind. She quickly said, “Christopher didn’t just randomly decide to kidnap me. Someone must have helped him, or he wouldn’t have been so brazen.” 
“The police have already taken Christopher into custody. They’ve been looking into his role in Kenny and Maisy’s abduction. And after today, with his attempt to harm you, he’ll spend the rest of his life behind bars. I’ve already got Paul investigating who might’ve been helping him,” Joe said softly. 
Skylar felt the tension in her chest ease slightly. “Thank you.” 
“He went after my wife. There’s no way I’d let him get away with it. No need to thank me.” Joe’s brow furrowed 
The word “wife” made Skylar’s heart skip a beat. Maybe the fear from earlier gave her a burst of courage, but she found herself asking, “Do you think there’s even a small chance you have feelings for me? 
Joe’s expression froze at her question. 
Seeing his silence, Skylar felt her heart sink. She shouldn’t have asked. 
Just then, Joe’s phone rang. 
“Say that again,” Joe said, his tone sharpening as he answered. His expression darkened as he listened, and then he asked the person on the other end to repeat themselves. 
After a moment, he ended the call and turned to Skylar 
She sensed something had gone wrong. She wondered what had happened. 
“Christopher… he committed suicide in his cell,” Joe said grimly. 
Skylar was first taken aback, then she asked in a daze, But there’s no way a jail cell would allow someone to kill themselves. How did he manage it?” 
“He suffocated himself with a pillow.” Joe’s voice was flat as he delivered the unsettling news. 
Skylar fell silent, processing it all. She couldn’t believe Christopher had actually taken his own life. 
Suffocating himself with a pillow took a terrifying amount of resolve. She wondered if he was so desperate to avoid facing prison and judgment. 
“The leads Paul was following hit a dead end because of Christopher’s suicide,” Joe said quietly. 
Skylar nodded thoughtfully. 
O 
“I’ll have someone keep investigating,” Joe added gently. He noticed the color still hadn’t returned to her face: 
Skylar looked up at him. There was a trace of exhaustion in his usually sharp and composed features, his gaze steady and thoughtful on her. 
Their eyes met, but the distance between them felt vast. 
“No need to investigate further. Even if you do, you likely won’t find much. If someone pushed Christopher 
into doing this, they wouldn’t stop at just this. Next time, they won’t be so careless… They’ll leave no trace, 
Skylar murmured. 
” 
She had a suspicion. But she knew very well that she couldn’t tell Joe about the person she suspected without any evidence. 
Joe simply acknowledged her quietly with a low hum. Then, he said nothing more. 
Ten minutes later, he left the ward and stepped into the hallway. He dialed Paul back and instructed,” Keep looking into it.” 
###chapter923
 923
After finishing her IV drip, Skylar left the hospital. The drugs had already been metabolized, and she only needed to go home and rest. 
Joe dropped her off at Galaxy Villa before leaving for an urgent matter. Skylar decided to take a bath to relax. Once finished, she noticed food had been delivered from Pearlhall Residence. She ate quietly, then returned to bed, but sleep evaded her. Her mind was restless. 
She picked up her phone and casually scrolled through messages. She then replied to Caleb and her colleagues who had checked in on her. 
Soon, fatigue began to overtake her, and she drifted into a troubled sleep. 
In that half–dream, half–wake state, she seemed to slip back into a dark, hopeless past. Paralyzed and bedridden, she was despised by everyone around her and forced to take life–destroying medication. Faces from her past–Sadie, Jeffrey, Maisy, and Christopher–flashed before her. 
“Why are you still alive? Why haven’t you died already? Lying in bed every day, making people take care of you.” 
“Skylar, seeing you like this disgusts me. Just thinking about you being my girlfriend makes me want to strangle you.” 
“Your boyfriend is so in love with me that he’d kill you himself if it meant being with me. As for your parents and siblings, they only care about me. Even though you’re their biological daughter and sister, what does that matter? You can’t compare to me.” 
Skylar tried to wake up from the horrific dream, but she couldn’t. The feeling of helplessness was overwhelming as if she were truly trapped in a desperate situation. It was as if everything around her
was a cruel illusion. 
“Christopher, are you out of your mind? Let me go. Kenny and the others won’t let you get away with this.” The more Maisy struggled, the tighter Christopher bound her. “You lied to me. Didn’t you say you liked me? That you’d marry me? Didn’t you say that after Skylar died, you’d marry me and help me take everything from the Williams family?” 
“Dream on! How could I ever marry you? You’re not worthy. Let me go right now. The Williams family isn’t someone you can just offer. Once Skylar is dead, you’re of no use to me. Did you really think I liked you?” 
“You lied to me. You actually lied to me. I hurt Skylar so much for you, and you were just deceiving me.” 
With one cut after another, Christopher hacked at Maisy with a kitchen knife. Her lifeless body lay in a pool of blood, having been brutally attacked. 
The scene shifted abruptly. 
The Williams Group went bankrupt, and Jeffery faced relentless debt collectors. He desperately sought a meeting with Joe at the Martin Group but was turned away each time. 
Gloria told Jeffrey, “You promised to take good care of Skye. I thought you were her biological parents and would look after her well. I never expected Skye to die so tragically, with hardly a good spot left on her body. If you want our help, you’ll have to bring Skye back to life.” 
Jeffrey deeply regretted his actions. He realized that the reason the Martin Group had helped them through their previous difficulties was because of Skylar. 
He was forced into a corner and ended up killing Sadie to commit insurance fraud, but the insurance 
company uncovered the truth and sent him to prison. 
Driven by jealousy toward Steven, Kenny schemed against him in every possible way. In the end, Steven showed no mercy when he found out how the Williams family had treated Skylar. 
Eventually, Kenny’s reputation was ruined, and he fell from grace. 
Steven said to Kenny, “I tolerated you because you were Skye’s biological brother, but you don’t deserve to be her brother. Everything you face today is the consequence of your own actions.” 
Samuel was later exposed in a scandal for bullying new actors on set and coercing actresses into sleeping with him. He was eventually blacklisted as a problematic figure in the entertainment industry and fell into irrelevance. 
Peter tried to start a business but was deceived and ended up in massive debt. He ultimately chose to jump from a building and end his life. 
The scenes played out like a film reel, one after another. Skylar seemed to transform into a wisp of a soul, watching as each of these people met their tragic fate. 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
###chapter924
 924
The dream seemed to last forever. 
After what felt like an eternity, Skylar finally woke up. Seeing the familiar surroundings of the Galaxy Villa, she realized that what she had just experienced was probably the fate of the Williams family and Christopher in her past life. 
If it weren’t for her rebirth, these people would have faced consequences for their actions in the previous life. She wiped the cold sweat from her forehead and noticed she was slick with sweat. 
She took another shower. 
When she came out of the bathroom, she felt refreshed. ‘Then she saw that it was already 5:00 pm. 
Christopher’s suicide must have triggered the dream. She gathered her thoughts and went downstairs to prepare dinner. 
However, as soon as she was downstairs, she spotted Joe sitting on the couch. She wasn’t sure when he had returned. 
Hearing footsteps, Joe looked up and said, “I had the chef come over from Pearlhall Residence to prepare dinner. It’s ready. Are you hungry?” 
Skylar noticed the aroma of food and realized a meal was ready. “I’m not very hungry yet.” 
She sat down opposite Joe. Glancing toward the kitchen, she saw no one there. The chef from Pearlhall Residence must have just left. 
Skylar hadn’t heard any noise while sleeping and showering in her room. 
Seeing Skylar’s still–pale face, Joe frowned and asked, “Are you still not feeling well? Should we go to the hospital?” 
“It’s probably just the unsettling dream I had. I didn’t sleep well, but I’m fine. There’s no need for the hospital.” She knew her face looked a bit off. The impact of her dream had been too strong for her. 
While she was still half awake, she had thought she might never wake up again. She even wondered if everything she was experiencing now was just another dream from her past life. 
The feeling of helplessness was terrifying. Joe got up and poured a glass of hot tea. Then, she handed it to Skylar. “Drink some hot tea.” 
“Thank you.” Skylar took a small sip. 
The warmth seemed to chase away some of the cold she felt. 
The next day, Skylar went to work and saw Caleb waiting for her outside. 
“The incident from yesterday won’t happen again. Christopher committed suicide.” 
Caleb’s eyes widened in shock when he heard about Christopher’s suicide. “Suicide? He actually dared to do that? Though, it’s not surprising. Someone like him, who could engage in kidnapping and human trafficking, ending his own life isn’t so shocking.” 
Caleb had been terrified when he learned that Christoper had kidnapped Skylar. He was worried that the situation might be like last time. 
Even Caleb thought Christopher didn’t have the guts to commit suicide, and Skylar could tell that too. 
After knowing Christopher for so many years, Skylar believed he was capable of committing crimes, but suicide was something he would only consider if he were completely out of options. 
Someone must have threatened him or coerced him to ensure he didn’t reveal any more information. 
“Let’s go to work,” Skylar said, putting her thoughts away. 
Having missed work yesterday, she needed to catch up on everything. With only half a month left, she had a lot to do. 
In the morning, Joe had informed her that the time had been confirmed and that Paul had booked their flight tickets. 
So, she could set aside other matters for now. After Christopher’s suicide, even if that person wanted to cause her trouble, it wouldn’t happen so quickly. They would have to wait a while longer. 
Vera arrived at Justin’s place. 
###chapter925
 925
Justin made a cup of coffee for Vera. Vera took a few sips absentmindedly. Her face twisted into a slight frown–either the bitterness or the unfamiliar brand disagreed with her. 
She said, “Christopher committed suicide.” 
Justin, calm as ever, replied, “You should stop targeting Skylar. If things escalate again, they won’t be as easy to manage as this time.” 
To them, Christopher’s suicide was insignificant. He was just an ordinary, greedy man. He played the game poorly and ended up losing his life–he brought it upon himself. 
Vera’s face darkened. “I didn’t expect this mess. I just wanted him to show up and maybe make Skylar leave Joe. But he went and kidnapped her. Even worse, he accomplished nothing.” 
“The last time I saw Skylar, she seemed very sharp. She probably sensed something was off. You should keep your distance from both her and Joe for a while,” Justin added. Whether Vera listened or not, he felt it was necessary to warn her. 
Vera scowled and frowned impatiently. “Of course she’s smart. How else could she latch onto Joe and never let go?” 
These were things Vera could only say to Justin. If she vented to anyone else, they would think that Vera was too concerned about Skylar’s presence. To most people, Skylar was just an ordinary person. She was not worth Vera’s attention. 
“Maybe Joe likes her,” Justin suggested. 
“Impossible!” Vera quickly denied it. Her face turned pale. 
Realizing she might have said too much, she silently finished her coffee with a cold expression. 
The next few days passed in a blur of busyness for Skylar, her schedule packed from morning till night. By Friday, Skylar had planned to skip lunch to catch up on work, but her close colleagues invited her to a nearby barbecue joint. 
Caleb was exhausted, his eyes bloodshot from fatigue. He mentioned wanting to have a barbecue to regain his energy, so he agreed to join his colleagues for some team–building over lunch. 
The group of ten or so filled the largest private room at the barbecue restaurant. The place had a unique style, and the food was exceptionally good. 
Skylar took the opportunity to snap a photo and send it to Natalie. She suggested they come here for a meal after Natalie’s return. 
After a short while, Skylar felt overly full and bloated, so she went to the restroom. Once she emerged, she took a moment to get some fresh air at the entrance. 
As she did, Natalie replied to her message. The two chatted on WhatsApp for a while. 
Natalie said, “Skye, Mr. Powell has been asking me to rehearse with him a lot these past few days. Do you think he thinks my acting is good? Should I consider debuting?” 
It seemed Austin’s compliments had stirred Natalie’s ambition regarding her acting career. Skylar didn’t 
want to dampen Natalie’s enthusiasm. She said, “The day you debut, I’ll be your biggest fan.” 
Natalie replied, “Skye, I love you more than anything!” 
After chatting a bit more, Skylar felt her stomach settle and decided to head back to the private room. As she did, she overheard a conversation between two people nearby. 
“Rowan left his family and went against them for you. It seems like he’s really set on marrying you. You’re quite something. How did you manage to make him so devoted to you?” 
“I didn’t do anything. I actually didn’t want him to have a fallout with his family.” 
“That’s true. After the fallout, without his family’s support, who knows what the future holds for him…” Jenny’s friend’s words trailed off, leaving the rest unsaid. 
###chapter926
 927
Jenny dared to place a negative item in Joe’s office. 
Of course… 
“Perhaps she didn’t know what was inside the fountain pen. Someone used her,” Paul suggested. 
Joe ordered icily, “Call her. Tell her to make a trip to the office.” 
“Alright.” 
When Jenny received Paul’s call, she was delighted. Immediately, she 
called back. 
In the car, she kept touching up her makeup in front of a mirror. She’d thought that Joe would ignore her for the rest of their lives and didn’t want to have anything to do with her. 
Jenny hadn’t expected Paul to call her under Joe’s orders. 
Had Joe forgiven her? 
Jenny decided to talk things out with Joe later. The videos he’d seen were filmed by someone else. She had been forced into it by Edwin. Her food must’ve been laced on that night in the mansion. 
As to her and Rowan, he’d been chased out of his house. Then, he’d moved into hers. When she thought of how he would no longer be the eldest son of the Jakemans, she couldn’t force herself to accept it. 
If Joe forgave her… 
Jenny wanted to be with Joe more than anyone else. With a head full of wonderful fantasies, Jenny headed straight toward Joe’s office upon arriving at the Martin Group. 
She admired Joes muscled figure silhouette against the window. Jenny’s heart fluttered. She said, “Joe, whether you believe it or not, I was forced into that relationship with Edwin. I was terrified. He kept threatening me. I could do nothing it get pushed around again and 
again. 
“Joe, have you found out about that? Is that why you’ve stopped being mad at me? I knew it. You’re the only one who treats me the best in 
this whole wide world.” 
As she spoke, she sobbed, as though she wanted to unload all her 
grievances onto Joe. 
Paul looked on, and he couldn’t help but smirk. 
She probably had been forced into it. However, she definitely hadn’t gotten close to Edwin with pure intentions, not to mention how she was helping Edwin achieve his goals. 
Jenny claimed she was innocent, but that was probably far from the 
truth. 
Joe had been facing away from Jenny the whole time. When she realized he hadn’t moved or offered her a response, her heart skipped a beat. She uttered, “Joe? Do you not believe me? I’m telling nothing. but the truth. If Mr. Martin were here, I’d be able to face off against 
him.” 
He turned around and placed a fountain pen on the table. He asked, ” Do you remember this?” 
Jenny thought for a second. She replied, “It’s a fountain pen.” 
Suddenly, she remembered what had happened. This pen was the one Edwin had asked her to sneak into Joe’s office! 
There were many pens in the penholder. It didn’t stick out like a sore thumb, as all the fountain pens of this brand looked similar. 
Jenny thought of what Edwin had told her. He said this pen would make Joe like her. It would repair his broken relationship with Joe. 
A wave of diffidence washed over her. 
“Ms. Scott, why don’t you reflect on what kind of pen this is?” Paul ordered coldly. 
Chapt978 
###chapter927
 928
Paul’s question meant that he knew something. If that was the case, Joe definitely knew about it too. 
Jenny’s panic right now was directly proportionate to how excited she’d been on the way here. 
“I… I…” 
Joe’s glared at her. 
Her eyes turned red from pain. She said, “I–Sorry, Joe. Mr. Martin told me this fountain pen would repair your relationship with him. That’s why I put it in your office. He’d always wanted to get back to your good side, and he was very convincing. 
“I honestly thought it was nothing more than a pen. I wasn’t expecting you to dislike it that much.” 
“If it had been anyone else delivering the pen, I would’ve accepted this explanation. However, you knew about the conflict between Mr. 
Martin and his father. The fact that you still sought Mr. Edwin out meant that you were harboring sinister intentions,” Paul pointed out the flaws in her argument without hesitation. 
Jenny was pale as she begged, “That’s not the truth. I wasn’t thinking about all that, I wasn’t. Joe, please believe me, alright?” 
“See her out,” Joe ordered icily. 
With that, Jenny knew what he meant. All hope left her. 
From today onward, she could no longer rely on Joe in Jipsbrug. He would never agree to meet with her again! 
If Joe’s discovery of Jenny’s relationship with Edwin made him keep his distance, the fountain pen was the straw that broke the camel’s 
back. It made her his enemy. 
The fantasies she’d entertained during the journey here dissipated. 
“Joe, I know I’ve made a mistake. I’ve learned from them now. I’ll 
never do it again. Joe, please forgive me, alright?” Jenny begged through tears. 
However, Joe remained unmoved. 
Paul said stoically, “This way please, Ms. Scott.” 
Jenny could only leave helplessly. 
As she walked into the lift, Paul said, “You should rejoice in the fact that the fountain pen didn’t influence him too much. If not, you would pay for it with your life!” 
“I–I’m a victim as well, Mr. Ziegler. It’s unfair to treat me like that,” Jenny argued. 
Why did nobody believe her? So what if they forgave her this time? 
Yet, Paul didn’t continue speaking to her. He ignored her entirely. Jenny could only leave unwillingly. 
Just as she was knelt by the door bawling, Rowan called. 
“Where are you?” 
Jenny stopped crying and lied out of habit, “I’m shopping. Have you found a job? Should I invest in a new company for you? I’ve got 
enough money to found a small work studio.” 
She could only cling to Rowan with all her might. 
All of Rowan’s cards had been barred. Yet, he couldn’t work at his family’s company. He had no money to start a company either, so he could only look for a job. 
After a short moment of silence, he said, “No need. Keep your money. 
I’m planning to co–found a company with my friend.” 
Jenny replied, “Alright. Don’t tire yourself out. I’ll be worried. I’ll continue shopping.” 
“Alright.” 
After hanging up, Jenny sobbed for a little while more. 
She looked at the Martin Group’s building, unwilling to give up. She would never return to the past. 
After she dragged her feet leaving, Rowan emerged. 
He’d seen Jenny crying in front of the Martin Group and picked up on how much she didn’t want to leave. Thus, most of what she’d told him were utter lies. 
Jenny lied to him. 
Suddenly, a question popped into Rowan’s head. Which of Jenny’s words were truths, and which were lies? 
On Saturday, Skylar went out to purchase items based on the shopping list. 
She would be going to Farington in a few days and had to prepare a few items beforehand. 
Joe had a business meeting to attend. They’d agreed to go shopping together, but now she was left alone to shop. 
She bought a few necessities and some clothes. 
###chapter928
 929
Before leaving the mall, Skylar saw a gigantic light pink octopus toy. It was cute. She took a picture and sent it to Joe. She said, “I want this.” 
Joe replied quickly, “You can buy it, but don’t bring it home.” 
Skylar could imagine his disdain at the picture. There were little to no furry items like this at home. In the end, she didn’t buy the big one. She bought a mini one and put it in her car. 
After she was done shopping, she stuffed everything into the back of the car and drove away. 
She couldn’t win against the elderly shoppers. Skylar hadn’t even gathered the courage to approach the section for fresh produce. 
After that, she got ready to return to Galaxy Villa. Skylar had bought a lot of stuff on this shopping trip. 
As she drove out of the parking lot, Joe called. 
“Are you done shopping?” 
“I’ve gotten almost everything on the shopping list. Do you need anything else?” 
“Nope, I’ll wait for you at home.” 
He was home early. Skylar had thought he would be busy till nightfall. It was barely three in the afternoon now. 
As she stopped at a red light, she looked around out of boredom. 
Suddenly, she saw Jenny with another girl. She was a little taller than Jenny and had an icy demeanor. It was Minerva. 
They were having a conversation, the contents of which Skylar couldn’t hear. Then, Minerva slapped Jenny across the face. 
The bystanders crowded around Minerva. They were probably questioning her about why she’d hit Jenny. 
Minerva was cool and calm. She didn’t panic about being accused. On the contrary, she wiped at her hand. It was as though slapping Jenny had dirtied her palm. 
A horn sounded behind Skylar. 
Skylar focused back on the road and stepped on the gas, zooming away from the junction. 
She could no longer see them in the mirror. 
However, Skylar wasn’t worried about Minerva. She was calm and had a good measure of self– control. Jenny wouldn’t be able to harm her. 
However, Skylar hadn’t expected that Jenny would turn into who she was today. She was completely different from the na?ve young girl Skylar had met in the hospital back then. 
Skylar reflected on it. She hoped that she would never lose her moral standards even if fell deeply in love with someone in the future. 
Minerva was calm. Her face was expressionless. She didn’t look like a woman who’d just slapped someone else. 
Even after wiping her hands a few times, she still seemed 
dissatisfied. She hated Jenny. Rowan too. Minerva even felt that the fact that she’d slept with Rowan was disgusting too. 
“You can do whatever you want with Rowan. It has nothing to do with me. Jenny, the next time you scheme against me and speak to me with such uncouth words, a slap won’t be the only thing you’re getting, understood?” 
She was unemotional. Jenny and her friend were dumbstruck by 
Char929 
Minerva’s words. 
###chapter929
 930
It was as though Minerva hadn’t heard them criticize her. In addition, Minerva was icy and approachable. She thought they were making a fuss for nothing. 
This was extremely hurtful. It was even worse than how she’d slapped Jenny. 
Jenny was flushed as she complained, “Don’t you think this is too much? You know that Rowan likes me and was chased out of his family because of your engagement. However, you still don’t want to call it off. Aren’t you afraid that Rowan will loathe how you’re clinging to him?” 
Indeed, the Reids had yet to call off their engagement. 
Jenny had no idea why Minerva was holding on to this. 
Her friend spoke out for her. She added, “Jenny is right. If you’re set on keeping the engagement, the Reids would never call it off. Rowan, is the biggest victim of the situation, and so is Jenny. She’s innocent. True love is priceless. You have no feelings for Rowan and vice versa. You’re the one interfering in their relationship.” 
“Are you done? If you’re done, get lost. Calling off the engagement has nothing to do with me. It’s a decision for my elders to make. If you made a scene at the Jakeman family and got them to call it off, I might respect your abilities somewhat. However, you’ve come to assault me. Did you think I would be pushed around easily?” 
Her dismissive attitude to the engagement in her words made Jenny grit her teeth in anger. 
However, she had to admit that Minerva was right. Rowan didn’t have a say in it. It was up to his parents to decide. 
214 
She harassed Minerva in the hopes that she would call off the engagement. If that happened, he would’ve been able to return home. However, Minerva didn’t take the bait. 
Her words made it clear that she didn’t see Rowan to be an important person in her life. One could even say that he was expendable to 
Minerva. 
Jenny simmered with jealousy when she thought of Minerva’s privileged background. 
“You can’t say that either…” Jenny’s friend was a little scared. 
Jenny also believed that they couldn’t continue making a scene here. You know better than anyone else whether you like Rowan or not. I won’t take this slap lying down. Minerva, you’d better watch your back! 
 
Then, she grabbed her friend’s arm and strode away pitifully. 
After Jenny put some distance between them, Minerva called Rowan and ordered, “Control Jenny. The next time she comes to harass me, I’ll make sure Jipsburg no longer has a place for her. I don’t care who’s woman she might be.” 
“Did Jenny seek you out? What did you do to her? Minerva, I won’t let you get away if you hurt her!” Rowan roared. 
Minerva paled slightly and shot back coldly, “You won’t let me get away with it? Rowan, don’t be so shameless. If you can’t convince your grandfather to call the engagement off, then you’d better control Jenny. 
“Concerning what happened today, I’m going to show the Jakemans a shred of deference. However, if she dares put on that fake angelic act with me, I’ll make sure everyone in Jipsburg finds out about what she did. 
11 
“If you truly love her, you can fuck 11 from disgwg we the men 
it Aw person you are. Remember what he said today, ISI 
Jenny againe 
Minerve ended the call. Then, she sent a recording of their 
10 K 
conversation to Powen, ter coming that it had gone twovy, she blocked Rowan 
When Minerva hung up on him, frown couldn’t help but sweer, then, he checked his Whatshop 
Rowen froze upon hearing the reporting, He could tell that Jenny ha gons 19 888 VinsrNG OF NET CHO BELANG 
b 
In addition, she’d brought a friend with her. They met her for www she’d never done and deBLING 
B&gy bitch 
the EH SEVERIN get the synt WA 
Others might us had no ides shots, him as nothing more than & buy 
w up by their gatents, they lists & the way, 
the 
POWER (CAVE winst Minerva had said on the shore, we ked 
###chapter930
 931
As Rowan was lost in thought, Jenny called. 
“Rowan, I ran into Minerva with my friend. She slapped me. I tried to convince her to call off the engagement, but she refused to do so. I’ve suddenly been plagued with the question of whether I’m interfering with your relationship with Minerva. Should I have stayed away from you? The two of you are perfect for each other. I’ll just drag you down, 
sobbed Jenny. 
“1 
She pretended to be the victim of the situation. 
Rowan’s suspicion of Jenny had been growing after listening to the recording. However, after hearing her complaints, he felt like Minerva had been bullying her. 
In contrast with Minerva, Jenny had nothing. Rowan was her only lifeline. 
Since he’d promised Jenny that they would get married, Rowan had thought of various ways to cancel the engagement. 
“Don’t face off against Minerva when you encounter her in the future. She’s not the same type of woman as you are, and she won’t listen to whatever you say. If you piss her off without me by your side, you won’t emerge victorious. Understood?” Rowan advised worriedly. 
Jenny bit her lip and asked, “She slapped me. Are you going to let it slide?” 
Even now, her cheek throbbed. 
“In that case, what do you want me to do?” Rowan asked. 
After a moment of pause, Jenny said, “When you see her in the future, don’t start a conversation with her. Draw clear boundaries between the two of you. With this, the slap I suffered wouldn’t be for naught.” 
Rowan was silent for a moment before agreeing, “Fine.” 
Jenny could feel his hesitation. Rowan might not have realized, but Jenny could tell that Rowan wasn’t as unmoved by Minerva as he appeared to be. Perhaps he liked Minerva. 
No, that couldn’t happen. 
When Skylar returned to Galaxy Villa, Joe was there, as expected. However, Steven was there too. 
Skylar was surprised to see him. She asked, “Steven, weren’t you overseas? When did you come back?” 
Steven was about to stand up, but Joe beat him to it. He walked over and took Skylar’s shopping bags from her. 
At Joe’s subconscious movements, Steven cracked a small smile. This was the first time he’d been to Galaxy Villa and the first time he’d ever seen how Skylar and Joe interacted in private. 
Initially, he was rather concerned for them. He came across many gossip pieces online. Sometimes, Charles would talk about it with him. Finally, he got the chance to come over and take a look. 
Sometimes, gossip columns couldn’t be taken seriously. 
“I arrived in Jipsburg last night. In the morning, I ran into Joe while I was having lunch with my colleagues at a restaurant. I heard him say the both of you would be headed to Fachington in a few
days. Is that true?” Steven asked with a smile. 
“Yeah, we decided on that a few days ago. Steven, you’ve grown 
thinner.” Skylar approached him while beaming. She was happy to see Steven. 
However, he must’ve been swamped recently. He was visibly thinner. 
###chapter931
 932
Joe watched as Skylar and Steven fussed over each other, ignoring his presence entirely. 
Skylar had only glanced at him briefly upon walking in. Other than thanking him for taking those bags, she hadn’t said a word to him. 
She grinned at Steven cheerily. Joe felt a little unhappy. 
“I couldn’t get used to the local cuisines over there, so I dropped a few pounds. I’ll regain them within a few days.” Steven didn’t care whether he was skinny or fat; he simply couldn’t adapt to the food overseas. 
Skylar checked the time and said, “I’ll make dinner. Steven, is there anything you would like to have? We’ve got fish at home. Would you like some fish and chips?” 
Steven’s eyes brightened. He exclaimed, “You know me best, Skye.” 
He was craving for it. 
As she got up, she noticed Joe’s gaze. She asked, “Do you have anything you’d like?” 
Joe was placated by her question. He answered, “I’d like some poached eggs.” 
Steven eyed Joe. Could such a simple dish like poached eggs satisfy Joe? Skylar’s culinary skills were wasted on such a plain dish. 
As Skylar busied herself in the kitchen, Steven glanced at her from time to time. 
“Why don’t we lend her a hand?” Joe asked. 
Steven stood up immediately and agreed, “Sounds good.” 
After a while, Steven and Joe chopped up vegetables, washed and 
tidied up as Skylar cooked. 
Thankfully, they had a big kitchen. If not, it wouldn’t have enough space for the three people busy in the kitchen. 
Steven cooked often. His culinary skills were amazing too. Skylar had been planning to make three dishes. However, Steven contributed to 
two more dishes. 
Upon seeing that, Joe made a fruit platter to compete against Steven. The fruits he selected went well together. Skylar suggested adding coconut juice and turning it into a fruit mocktail instead. 
Just like that, a few appetizing homemade dishes were done. 
“Would you guys like some beer?” 
Skylar opened the fridge and found a few cans inside. 
Joe and Charles glanced at each other and nodded simultaneously, Yeah.” 
They seldom entertained friends at Galaxy Villa. Even Gloria had only been here once. 
Helpers from Pearlhall Residence came to clean and deliver food. Usually, it was only Joe and Skylar. She was overjoyed to see Steven, as they hadn’t met for a long time. Even though her alcohol tolerance was low, she opened a can of beer for herself too. As they ate and drank, night fell. 
Joe and Charles got along like a house on fire. They were on the same page when it came to their conversations about work. Joe even gave Steven a bit of advice. 
Skylar didn’t disturb them. She listened to their discussions. 
Occasionally, they would ask Skylar about her work when they thought they were leaving her out. She would talk about it, but her job was rather boring. Instead, she brought up negative items that had 
932 
3.3 
been showing up lately. 
“I believe someone wants to create a huge net in Jipsburg to create tension and conflict between the most powerful families here,” Skylar said sternly. She turned to Joe and continued, “You should look into who these families have offended in the past.” 
The enemies that lurked in the shadows were the most difficult ones to vanquish. 
Joe replied, “We’ve got some leads on that.” 
“You’ve got to protect Skylar. If they realize that Skylar was the one who destroyed his plans, he might try to harm her.” This was Steven’s primary concern. 
Enjoy Ad Free Reading>> 
###chapter932
 933
As Joe was about to continue, someone alled. His expression 
turned grave while on the phone. 
Skylar and Steven were silent. 
Joe asked, “Is he dead?” 
The person on the line responded inaudibly to Skylar. Joe hung up and informed Skylar, “I’m going out.” 
“You’ve been drinking. You can’t drive,” reminded Skylar. 
Joe nodded and replied, “Lucas is coming to pick me up.” 
It was probably an emergency, as Joe left immediately, leaving Skylar 
with Joe. 
“Skye, take care of yourself and carry pepper spray wherever you go. Sometimes, you’ve got to be a little selfish. Don’t interfere with the business of others.” Steven only had eyes for Skylar’s safety. He 
couldn’t be bothered to think for others. 
Steven would rather she stay away if someone had been too greedy and brought misfortune onto themselves. 
Skylar was afraid Steven would be worried. She said obediently, “I’ll listen to you. I’ve already put pepper spray in my bag.” 
Steven’s worry subsided upon hearing that. He checked his watch and said, “It’s getting late now. I’ll tidy up the cutleries with you. Get an early rest tonight.” 
“Alright.” 
Skylar received a phone call from Paul half an hour later. 
“Mrs. Martin, I’ve sent Lucas to pick you up from Galaxy Villa. Mr. Martin is injured. He’s in the hospital now,” Paul said hurriedly. 
Skylar immediately asked, “How did it happen? What did the doctors say?” 
“It’s hard to explain through the phone. Mr. Martin didn’t want me to inform you, but I thought you should know,” said Paul. 
Skylar asked no further questions and went to change. 
Within 20 minutes, she arrived at Apollo Hospital, where Paul waited for her in the corridor. 
“Mr. Martin is being stitched up inside. He was injured in multiple areas. Two of his wounds were quite deep. They were bleeding severely,” Paul explained with furrowed brows. This was the first time he’d seen Joe injured so badly in his long career as his secretary. 
Skylar asked solemnly, “How did he get hurt?” 
Did it have anything to do with the call he received? 
Paul told her what happened. 
The call he’d taken was from one of his elderly relatives in the Martin family. Edwin and his cousin, Derek, had been having fun in a club. They’d ordered a few girls to keep them company. For some reason, they got into a disagreement and began brawling. 
Edwin beat Derek up till he was black and blue. Two of the girls were injured in the process. Their legs had been broken. 
The club owner knew Rowan and contacted Joe through him. When Joe arrived, he immediately sent Edwin to the hospital. 
Derek had always disliked Joe. He felt that Joe had been taking the spotlight away from his son. When Joe arrived, Derek mocked Joe 
and Edwin. 
314 
The two of them got into a fight once again, Derek’s two children, Henry and Humphrey Martin, arrived at that moment. They wanted to The sovetery of the situation and get even with Joe. They had 
se had expected then to be aimed. He was stabbed before he 
of coses, they had no chance espnet Joe, He turned the tables and Bases then back. Other than Joe, everyone else involved had been shipped to the police station diter their wounds had been treated. 
Sve was exalled by how messy the Martin family relationships 
The eldes the same surname and were from the same Semily Howers, they were more ruthless with each other than their 
###chapter933
 934
Jealousy made people unrecognizable. Joe was a target for it, considering his current position. No wonder Gloria said Joe was lonely. How could he not be when his family members schemed against him out of jealousy? 
Skylar stood beside Paul and waited for 15 minutes. 
Then, she met Joe. He had taken his shirt off, and he was covered in bandages. 
Joe was surprised to see Skylar at first. Then, he glared at Paul. 
Paul hadn’t gotten Joe’s permission before calling Skylar. He was feeling rather diffident now, so he avoided Joe’s eyes. He said, “I’ll buy a big shirt for you, Mr. Martin.” 
He escaped immediately after. 
“Do we need to fill in the admissions paperwork now?” Skylar only realized she was trembling when her voice shook while talking to the doctor. 
From Paul’s descriptions, Skylar knew that Joe had been stabbed. However, she wasn’t expecting him to be this badly wounded. 
“Thankfully, his vital organs remained unharmed. His seven wounds have been stitched up. However, he needs to be hospitalized for two days. You’ve got to take care of him while he’s in the hospital. The nurses will change out his bandages daily,” said the doctor. 
Skylar immediately nodded and said, “Alright, I’ll do so. Thank you.” 
After he left, Skylar immediately approached Joe and asked, “How are you feeling now?” 
“I’m alright.” He still looked pale and weak. Joe didn’t want Skylar to 
see such a powerless side of him. How dare Paul tell Skylar about this? 
From the looks of it, she already knew why he’d gotten hurt. Annoyance bubbled within him when he thought of how Skylar was finding out about those messy relations within the Martin family. 
“Take a nap. I’ll be in the neighboring bed. Call me if you need anything,” Skylar said gently. 
Joe wasn’t used to being taken care of as a patient. He’d never exposed his vulnerabilities to someone else before. 
However, he’d been awake half the night, and his eyelids were extremely heavy. Even though he hated letting Skylar see this part of him, he grudgingly accepted it. He could rest his worries with her here. Sleep would claim him soon. 
Skylar lay beside him in the neighboring bed. However, she was wide awake. She observed his bandages and studied the clothes dumped unceremoniously aside. They were soaked through by blood and thus 
wholly unrecognizable. 
Skylar couldn’t even bring herself to consider the alternative 
outcomes of this situation. If one of those stabs had landed on his vital organs, now… 
Her heart clenched. 
She eventually fell asleep after fretting about Joe. However, it was a fitful sleep. 
Suddenly, someone knocked on the door while Skylar drifted in and 
out of consciousness. 
It woke Skylar up. She opened her eyes and looked at the door. 
It was the middle of the night. Who would come knocking? 
There was no way it was a nurse. 
Perhaps owing to the shut door and lack of response, the person outside knocked three more times. He was now pounding on the door. 
Skylar’s expression turned grim. She glanced at Joe. Then, she got out of bed and headed over to open the door. 
As she was about to get there, Joe spoke suddenly. He didn’t sound like he’d just woken up when he said, “Turn on the lights.” 
“Alright.” Skylar walked to the door and did as she was asked. Before she opened the door, she turned back and glanced at Joe. 
X 
Claim Bogus For Free Every Day>> 
###chapter934
 935
Joe glanced at her. Skylar could tell by the icy glare in his eyes that he knew who was knocking. She felt bad for him. 
Her throat closed up as she opened the door. Three people stood behind. One of them was a man who looked to be a few years older than Gloria. He was accompanied by a middle–aged man and a young guy about Skylar’s age 
They paused upon seeing Skylar and recalled what Edwin had told them. Joe had heeded Gloria’s advice and married a normal woman, probably the one standing before them. 
They looked down on her. Disdain colored their faces upon guessing Skylar’s identity. 
“Who are you?” asked Skylar coldly. 
“I’m his grand–uncle, Ernest Martin,” said Ernest. 
“I’m his uncle, Spencer Martin,” followed Spencer. 
Claudio Martin scanned Skylar from head to toe. Then, he said, “I’m Joe’s cousin, Claudio Martin. You’re his wife, right?” 
This explained why Joe had gotten married without letting any of his family members know. She was gorgeous. He’d thought Joe was a celibate monk. Claudio hadn’t expected him to like sexy women like her. 
Skylar felt uncomfortable under his gaze. As she was about to speak, Joe stated coldly. “You guys adore me enough to come see me in the middle of the night.” 
His mocking tone showed them no deference. 
“We’re all family. There’s no need to bring this up to the police. If 
someone with bad intentions finds out, they’ll write gossip columns about our family affairs. You look fine. Tell the police to let Edwin and Derek out.* 
He glared at Joe with dissatisfaction. He’d just gotten stabbed a few times. What was the big deal? 
Derek had also been stabbed, but he was sent to the police station and detained right after being stitched up. 
“Yeah, Joe. Derek and his sons were in the wrong. However, they’d done so under the influence of alcohol. We talked to them just now and they’re regretting it dearly. Alcohol does that to you. They won’t drink that much anymore. They’re also offering a sincere apology in hopes that you will forgive them,” Spencer explained. 
“Right. Joe, you’re not a petty man. You look perfectly alright.” Claudio was rather disappointed. He’d thought Joe would be on the brink of death. It would be best if he was permanently disabled from the stabbing. If it had happened, he would’ve replaced Joe in the Martin Group. 
Skylar stood beside them. Anger flared up within her. Were they even human? What did they mean by saying Joe was fine? Those wounds would definitely leave scars. Joe was still extremely weak after excessive blood loss. He’d barely fallen asleep when they’d woken him up. 
“He’s got eight to nine stab wounds measuring more than two inches long. Some of them nearly cut into his vital organs. He isn’t fine. You guys are trying to kill him,” Skylar blurted out angrily. 
She walked to Joe’s bed. She throbbed when she saw Joe’s pale face. 
Skylar knew all too well how it felt to be ignored and targeted by one’s own family. 
Although Joe looked cold and unapproachable, his heart was riddled with holes. 
“We’re talking. This has nothing to do with you! Get out,” Ernest scolded. 
Derek frowned and added, “Joe, you obeyed your grandmother’s instructions and married a woman from a poor background. Now you know how embarrassing it is. How dare she interject while we’re speaking? What nonsense is she speaking anyway? Absolutely unacceptable.” 
###chapter935
 936
They described Skylar as embarrassing, disobedient, and 
unacceptable. The words stabbed into her heart like arrows. She frowned. 
Joe suddenly took her hand. 
“My wife is incomparable,” Joe defended her firmly. 
Spencer’s expression darkened. He challenged, “Is she really? Could she hold a flame to Vera? Joe, you’re too impulsive.” 
Ernest simpered, “Fine, let’s all take a step back.” 
He stared at Joe and continued, “We don’t give a damn who you married. You’ll know who truly wants the best for you in the future. Commenting on that now will only serve to annoy you. The most pressing issue is what Derek and Edwin are going through now. With one call, you can get them out of prison.” 
“I’ll help you make the call,” said Claudio. He approached Joe with a phone. 
“Whoever calls them now, I’ll give you a taste of how it feels to get stabbed eight times,” Joe warned coldly. 
His words elicited goosebumps over everyone, especially with the way his voice echoed in the dead of the night. 
Skylar felt that Joe’s hands were rather icy. She grasped his hands. 
Spencer glanced at Ernest, whose face had paled from anger. He scolded, “Ernest has come personally to plead for their mercy. Aren’t you going to show him any deference? Do you have to be so extreme? 
“I’m getting old. My orders are no longer effective. Why don’t I have a 
good discussion with Gloria? She definitely wouldn’t be so obstinate on this issue. After all, her son is also one of the detainees,” Ernest said stoically. 
At the end of the day, men his age still won out in experience. Within a few minutes of conversation, he took advantage of Joe’s 
vulnerabilities. 
Everyone in the Martin family knew of Joe’s weakness, 
They’d prepared themselves for this on the way here. After all, Joe had always been ruthless since a young age. He was extremely harsh and didn’t give a damn about any of his relatives. 
Skylar’s face fell. How audacious of them to inform Gloria about this! 
If Gloria had learned about Joe’s injuries, she would have been extremely concerned. She wouldn’t be able to handle sudden frights and such heart–racing news. She’d only recovered recently. 
“Why are you looking for me? Did you think I’d let anyone bully my grandson? You guys weren’t the ones getting stabbed. You’re just making statements without feeling the true impact of your words.” 
The closed–door slammed open, and Gloria stormed in. Her eyes were slightly red, and her pupils contracted when she saw Joe lying in bed, looking extremely pale. 
She turned to Joe with a murderous glare. “My grandson is littered with stab wounds now because of your son and grandson. They should be imprisoned to atone for their crimes!” 
Ernest’s children would’ve bankrupted the company if Joe hadn’t supported the Martin Group for the past few years. What ungrateful bastards. 
In the past, they only schemed against him behind his back. Now, they’d even gone as far as to stab him! 
Chapte 936 
Gloria walked to the bed. Tears brimmed in her eyes but she bit it back and glanced at Skylar. 
She was relieved to see Joe and Skylar’s hands interlaced. Joe would 
do better with Skylar by his side in moments like these. 
“I’m fine,” Joe said hoarsely. 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>> 
###chapter936
 937
Gloria’s eyes turned even redder. She exclaimed, “What do you mean you’re fine? I’ve asked the doctor. You were bleeding profusely. Some of your wounds were a hair away from being fatal! I won’t let them get away with it. This time, everyone in Jipsubrg will be our witness.” 
“Gloria, I know you feel bad for Joe. I do too. I’m furious. However, it has happened, and nothing we say will change that fact. No one is going to emerge from this situation unscathed. Edwin is detained too!” Ernest loathed this but pretended to take on a different attitude. 
Gloria shook her hands coldly. She said, “We’ll talk about this tomorrow. Joe mustn’t be stabbed for nothing. If you did feel bad about him, you wouldn’t have come to the hospital in the middle of the night. Get out, you lot!” 
“Since it’s already—” 
Before Ernest could finish, Gloria roared, “Get lost!” 
No matter their dissatisfaction, they could only leave under Gloria’s strict instructions. 
Silence reigned over the room once more. 
Without the presence of others, Gloria couldn’t help but let the tears stream down her face. She scanned Joe and asked, “Does it hurt now? Why didn’t you tell me the second it happened? If the fight at the club hadn’t caused a huge commotion, and that they were sent to the police station, I wouldn’t even know about it. You!” 
Skylar stood beside her and enveloped her in a hug. She consoled Gloria, “Grandma, don’t cry.” 
“I’m fine, I’m fine. The wounds have already been stitched up,” Joe said gently. 
Gloria’s heart throbbed at how Joe kept insisting he was fine. She asked, “How could you be alright? After all, you were stabbed multiple times.” 
Then she turned to Skylar and asked, “Were you scared too?” 
She referred to whether Skylar was afraid of Joe’s injury and Ernest’s arrival. 
Ernest definitely didn’t treat Skylar pleasantly, if how he used to behave was any indication. 
Skylar shook her head. “No, I wasn’t scared. 
“Good girl.” Gloria patted her head. 
212 
Joe glanced at the clock and said, “Grandma, go home and rest. It’s getting late now. I’m alright. Don’t worry.” 
“You uncles…” Gloria was still concerned. 
Joe’s eyes glinted coldly. “They can’t do anything to me.” 
Tomorrow, they would be in hot water. Joe had been too merciful to him. 
Gloria was bewildered for a second. Then she sighed, “I know you’ve got methods to deal with them, but don’t get yourself hurt in the process. I’m getting old now. All I want is for you to be safe.” 
After fretting about him in concern, she left, looking exhausted. 
Skylar accompanied Gloria to the door. 
In front of the hospital, Gloria held Skylar’s hand and said, “Joe likes to swallow his woes. He won’t tell anyone about his worries. I know him very well, as I’ve watched him grow up. With you by his side, he’ll finally have someone to talk to. Skylar, I’ll pass his care over to you. Have a good life together, alright?” 
Gloria seemed like she’d aged decades in a night. Skyla nodded and reassured her, Don’t worry, Grandma. I’ll stay by his side. We’ll be alright.” 
With this promise from Skylar, Gloria ceased her worries. She got into her car and left Skylar turned back and returned to the hospital. 
As she was about to enter the elevator, someone blocked the door and charged in 
When Skylar saw who it was, her face fell. 
“Joe will divorce you sooner rather than later. I know Joe too well. He married you as a sign of respect to Gloria. Why don’t you consider your backup plans? You can continue being his wife in the public, but we’ll date secretly. How’s that?” 
###chapter937
 938
Claudio eyed Skylar hungrily like a hunter sizing his prey up. 
From the second he’d seen her with Joe, he had been itching for her. He wanted to sleep with Joe’s woman. The thought of making Joe a scorned man entertained him; additionally, Skylar was gorgeous. 
Skylar was revolted. She mocked him, “Someone told me that people who said nasty words had bad breath as well. I didn’t believe it back then. Now, I believe that fully.” 
“You! I was complimenting you! How dare you insult me like that!” Claudio was enraged. A woman had never mocked him like that. This was the first time. 
The doors opened. Skylar was about to walk out when Claudio blocked her from doing so. 
“Believe it or not, I’ll fuck you in the lift!” He was angry beyond measure. Where they were no longer mattered to him. 
No matter where he went, he basked in a sea of praise from women. This was the first time a woman had said he had bad breath! 
He liked feisty women. The harder they were to get, the more he wanted to get into her pants. 
Indeed, this was the kind of woman Claudio had expected Joe to marry and protect She had a backbone. Claudio would see how long she lasted. 
He tried to put his hands on Skylar. 
“Get your head checked!” Skylar was disgusted. She sprayed pepper spray into his 
face. 
“Ouch!” Claudio was moaning in pain. He wasn’t expecting Skylar to have pepper spray. She even dared to spray him with it. 
Skylar pushed him away and left the elevator. After she walked out, the door closed. However, she could still hear swearing and moaning from the inside. 
They shared the same surname. How could they be so different? 
A few minutes later, Skylar returned to Joe’s room. 
She’d turned the lights off before leaving his room. Initially, she’d thought Joe had fallen asleep. However, the second she walked in, Joe said, “You’re back.” 
It wasn’t extremely dark in the room. She could see Joe but not the expressions on 
his face. 
She walked over and asked, “Yeah. Are you thirsty? Would you like some water?” 
“I need the washroom,” said Joe after a few seconds. 
Skylar paused. She hadn’t processed his request. She asked, “The washroom?” 
“Yes.” 
“I’ll turn the lights on and help you over.” Skylar came to her senses and turned on the lights immediately. 
Joe still had mobility issues. He had wounds on his shoulder. Although it had been stitched up, he still couldn’t use his arm. 
In addition, he’d lost too much blood. He couldn’t support himself while getting up. Although Skylar was strong, Joe was much taller than her. While getting out of bed, he placed his entire weight on her. It was taxing. 
When they arrived in the washroom, her face flushed. She realized she had to help him take his pants off. 
Joe watched Skylar’s hands pause over his pants. He said, “What part of me have you not seen before?” 
Skylar looked up at him. His ears were tinged pink. She knew he was being stubborn He was a patient. Skylar refused to sink to his level. 
his face. 
She walked over and asked, “Yeah. Are you thirsty? Would you like some water?” 
“I need the washroom,” said Joe after a few seconds. 
Skylar paused. She hadn’t processed his request. She asked, “The washroom?” 
“Yes.” 
“I’ll turn the lights on and help you over.” Skylar came to her senses and turned on the lights immediately. 
Joe still had mobility issues. He had wounds on his shoulder. Although it had been stitched up, he still couldn’t use his arm. 
In addition, he’d lost too much blood. He couldn’t support himself while getting up. 
Although Skylar was strong, Joe was much taller than her. While getting out of bed, he placed his entire weight on her. It was taxing. 
When they arrived in the washroom, her face flushed. She realized she had to help him take his pants off. 
Joe watched Skylar’s hands pause over his pants. He said, “What part of me have you not seen before?” 
Skylar looked up at him. His ears were tinged pink. She knew he was being stubborn He was a patient. Skylar refused to sink to his level. 
###chapter938
 939
Joe was right. Which part of him had she never seen? 
Skylar pulled his pants down quickly and turned away. 
She had seen everything, but this was a little too embarrassing. 
After a while, Joe said, “I’m done.” 
Skylar quickly helps him wear his pants. Thankfully, he was wearing scrub pants. She didn’t need to tie his pants for him. 
After that, Joe got back into bed and fell asleep. 
Skylar was still rather concerned. She touched his forehead to check his 
temperature. Then only did she cease her concern and lay down on the neighboring bed. 
When she woke up the next day, Joe hadn’t woken up. The sun had just begun to rise at six in the morning. 
Skylar had taken two days off from work. Now that Joe was hurt, their Fachington holiday would be canceled or postponed. 
She freshened up in the washroom and snuck out of the room. Skylar planned to buy breakfast from the hospital canteen. Yet, before she could leave, she saw Paul waiting by the door. 
“Mrs. Martin.” 
“When did you arrive?” 
“Half an hour ago. I was scared I’d disturb you and Mr. Martin, so I kept silent. I bought some clothes last night. If Mr. Martin dislikes the hospital scrubs, he can put these on. I brought breakfast as well. I split them up. He needs to be on a diet.” 
Skylar smiled. Paul had made arrangements for everything. “Perfect. I was just about to head to the canteen. Thank you.” 
“Then, I’ll be taking my leave to the company. I will leave Mr. Martin in your good hands. Call me if you need anything. Oh, yes. Mrs. Martin Senior said that some of the family will be coming over later,” Paul said. 
Joe was about to act against them, and Paul needed to carry out Joe’s orders. Just the thought of it made his blood boil. How could they have dared to hurt Joe? 
They needed to be taught a lesson! If he didn’t teach them a harsh lesson, they 
would only get even braver with their advances. 
Skylar nodded and said, “Alright, got it.” 
When Paul left, Skylar opened the door with breakfast in hand. She tiptoed into the 
room. 
Joe was still asleep. This was the first time she’d seen him so deeply asleep. They’d lived together for a long time, so Skylar knew how sensitive he was. In the morning, he would wake up the second he heard any noise in the room. 
It was also the first time she’d seen Joe so weak. She wanted to protect him. 
Skylar checked her phone. Natalie had texted her a lot last night. However, she didn’t have time to read or reply to them. 
Now that she was free, she converted the voice messages to texts. 
“Skylar, what time are you arriving? Once you’re here, I’ll take you on a tour of the city! I’ve told Mr. Powell I’ll be taking time off. He knows you’re coming and has proposed for everyone to meet up for a chat. 
“Right, didn’t I tell you how Jeremy and Helena had come to Fachington too? They left a few days ago. Skylar, I can’t get a read on Jeremy. I have no idea what he’s thinking. He’s going on holiday with Helena. Yet, he says he wants to marry me again “Whatever. No matter what he thinks or does, I won’t be meeting him much. Besides, we’ve known each other for years and once loved each other deeply. I don’t want things to end like this between us. Skye, I miss you so much! Come quickly!” 
After going through all of them, she replied, Something happened. I’ve got to postpone my trip to Fachington. I’ll await your return in Jipsburg.” 
She’d just finished responding to Natalie when she felt eyes on her. 
Skylar immediately looked up. Joe was watching her. He must’ve woken up for a while. His eyes were completely clear. There was no trace of drowsiness in his gaze. 
###chapter939
 940
“Are you hungry? Paul just brought us breakfast.” Skylar’s heart skipped a beat when his eyes met hers. 
In the bottomless depths of his eyes, Skylar felt like she was going to drown. 
Joe hummed in response. After sleeping, he had recovered some of his strength. He pushed himself into a sitting position with one hand. 
Skylar took his breakfast out of the box. 
Paul had always planned everything out excellently. Her breakfast with Joe was packed into separate boxes based on their preferences and tastes. 
They finished their breakfast in silence. 
After that, the workers from Pearlhall Residence came over to help Skylar tidy up. They cleaned the entire room. 
When the doctor came to check up on Joe, he monitored his recovery. Then, he told Skylar how she had to take care of Joe. Skylar remembered every piece of advice he 
gave. 
Joe glanced at her from time to time and smiled. 
Getting stabbed had frustrated him. However, with Skylar taking care of him, his frustration had subsided. Even the hospitals he hated seemed much better now. 
“Are you bored? Should I turn the television on?” asked Skylar. 
Foreign emotions gleamed in Joe’s eyes, and Skylar feared the abyss within them might consume her. She could buy digital books for him, but she believed Joe 
wouldn’t like reading them. 
“There’s no need for that. I’ll work.” Joe placed his phone on the table. 
Paul had made the necessary arrangements and brought Joe’s phone stand over. 
His laptop was placed aside and he handled his work easily. 
Skylar read beside him silently. Whenever Joe needed water or to go to the washroom, Skylar took care of him. 
Just like that, a day passed. 
Ernest and company came over once more while they were having dinner. 
In comparison to their careless demeanor last night, they looked extremely pale, as though they were panicking about something. 
Ernest was older, and thus better at keeping his composure. However, he was also enraged. 
“Joe, was it you? Do you not treat us as your family members? Have you forgotten what your grandfather told you before he passed? You’ve got the Martin family on your shoulders. We’re family, and this is how you treat us? Your uncles‘ company projects ran into problems yesterday. Were they all your doing?” Ernest scolded. 
Spencer asked anxiously, “Isn’t this too extreme?” 
Joe had hit them where it hurt. 
They had started their own companies by taking advantage of the Martin Group. Then, they leeched a great fortune off the Martin Group. 
They’d forgotten that their companies wouldn’t have survived in Jipsburg if Joe hadn’t held Martin Group up with his own hands. 
###chapter940
 941
Skylar looked at the three men in front of her. 
She noticed Spencer glaring at her angrily. She smirked and glared back at him. The pepper spray had taken effect, and his eyes were still red. 
“I can be even more extreme. Would you like a taste of that?” Joe raised an eyebrow. 
It was evident that Joe had no patience for any of them. 
“You! Did you know that they’d founded companies outside? You were just playing the waiting game. Are you going to acquire all of them?” Ernest suddenly realized what Joe was doing. He got a better understanding of Joe’s ambitions and how ruthless he could be. 
If yesterday hadn’t happened, Joe might’ve closed an eye to their antics. 
“You can either sell the stocks you have in Martin Group or run the risk of bankruptcy. You have one more day to evaluate your options,” Joe stated coldly. 
Ernest, Spencer, and Claudio experienced firsthand Joe’s cruel tactics. 
“You!” Ernest was as pale as a ghost. He said, “I’m your grand–uncle. I watched you grow up. Is this how you treat your family members? Don’t you have any semblance of a conscience?” 
“If you’d like to hash everything out in the open, I don’t mind. If we do enter a full–on conflict, nothing will save you, not even crying before Grandpa’s grave. Have you made your decision?” Joe asked lazily. 
Joe was still willing to show Ernest a spot of deference when they hadn’t hashed everything out. But now… there was no need for that. 
“You! Joe, what a man!” Spencer was furious. 
However, the panic in his eyes was a dead giveaway. Even his anger toward Joe was mellowed by his fear. 
Spencer was his elder. However, he commanded less respect than Joe did. 
Ernest used to use his identity as Joe’s grand–uncle to elicit his respect. After last night, it was evident that Joe was no longer in the mood to masquerade as a big, happy family. 
He regretted coming yesterday. This might’ve passed without fanfare if they’d let Joe’s anger cool. Who knew Joe hid this ace up his sleeves? 
His colleagues sweated profusely behind them. This meant that Joe knew about everything they’d done behind the scenes. 
Ernest stared at Joe for a moment before giving in. He said, “We didn’t react well to this. Please give us another chance. As to Derek, he will suffer the consequences he deserves. Before we came here, we asked the doctors about your wounds. They were very serious and near–fatal. I was too anxious and accidentally disregarded your pain.” 
“Joe, we’re all one big family, We don’t need to make ourselves into a joke, don’t we?” Spencer began trying to guilt trip him. 
Claudio clearly didn’t want to bow to Joe’s will. However, he nodded at Joe under his father’s instructions and apologized, “Grandpa and Dad are right. Our familial conflicts should be resolved behind closed doors. Yesterday, I had a bad attitude. Don’t hold it against me. If that still won’t do, I can be your secretary. I can do whatever Paul does.” 
Skylar chuckled. Claudio overestimated himself. 
Notwithstanding Paul’s personal capabilities, Claudio had exposed his ambition. Skylar was in awe of how Joe managed to live with such a family till now. 
Joe must’ve felt Skylar’s indignance for him. He glanced at her and his expression relaxed slightly. He glared at Claudio and shot back, “You’re not capable enough for that.” 
Claudio frowned. What did Joe mean by saying he wasn’t capable enough? It meant that he couldn’t compare to Joe! 
He tried to sell himself with a flushed face, “You don’t know me enough. I studied abroad for a few years. I’m no longer the boy I used to be. I can fight for myself now.” 
Claudio believed he could carry the entire Martin Group on the shoulder too. Not only Paul, he could also do everything Joe could. In fact, he could even do better than 
Joe. 
###chapter941
 942
Yet, Joe looked down on him! 
“I need to get some rest. Please take your leave.” Joe no longer wanted to speak to them. Claudio, especially. He was a huge dick. The thought of saying another word to them made him nauseous. 
Ernest hadn’t expected Joe to continue being so forceful, especially considering how he’d humbled himself as Joe’s elder. He didn’t give in at all. Ernest was furious. He said, “Give this another thought. You don’t have to burn all the bridges.” 
Spencer was about to say something else. However, Ernest shot him a glare, so he 
swallowed his words. 
After they left the hospital, Claudio could no longer suppress his anger. He 
complained, “How dare Joe insult me like that? What did he mean by saying I wasn’t capable enough? I’ll let him see how capable I am! 
“Grandpa, Dad, we didn’t need to see him today. He’s an ungrateful bastard. I don’t think we’ll meet our demise because of this. If you believe me, let me try it. I’ll do my best to save us. We’ll show Joe what we’re made of,” 
“He has lived a life devoid of obstacles for the past few years. He no longer thinks of us as a formidable foe. Dad, why don’t you give him a chance? Joe is very determined. He won’t spare us this time. He’s set on harming us,” Spencer said with a frown. 
He’d always thought that Claudio didn’t lose to Edwin’s son in any way. 
In addition, Edwin was a failure. He couldn’t hold a flame to Spencer. Joe got to where he was today because of his luck. If Claudio was given an opportunity to try, Joe wouldn’t stand a chance against him. 
Ernest thought that his words made some sense. He said, “Joe’s set on doing that. I’ve gained a basic understanding of him. What happened last night pissed him off. He’s going to retaliate no matter what. However, I feel like he still has something up his sleeves. 
“Since this is the position we’ve gotten ourselves into, there’s no harm in trying it out. As to what’s going on with Martin Group, I’ll meet the shareholders later. It would be best if we could kick Joe out of the company.” 
He would make Joe beg for mercy. 
“Grandpa, we should take action now and let him know how capable we are. In the 
past, we’d given him all the spotlight. This time, we’ll take it away just like that!” Claudio was desperate to prove himself. 
Claudio thought that would be the perfect payback when he thought of how he would trample on Joe’s dignity in the future. In the future, when the people in Jipsburg thought of the Martins, Claudio would be the first one they thought of, not 
Joe! 
Ernest was Claudio. He believed Claudio fully. He believed Claudio wasn’t worse than Joe in any way. 
“Alright, that’s that. No one is allowed to seek Joe out in the next few weeks. Derek will know what’s good for him after losing to Joe this time. It would’ve been fine if he’d killed Joe. Now, they’ve become a liability!” 
Claudio and Spencer nodded silently. 
They wanted the police to let them go and hoped this wouldn’t become the newest piece of gossip in Jipsburg. However, Joe was too powerful. Even though he was hurt, he could still make all the necessary arrangements. He left no loopholes for 
them. 
If they’d known Joe would target their secret companies, they would’ve guarded them alertly a long time ago. Whenever they thought about it, they couldn’t help but 
fume. 
Half an hour later, Rowan arrived at the hospital. 
“I heard the news in the morning. They’re quite brave, aren’t they? They’ve even dared to stab you!” 
Initially, Rowan had thought Joe was mildly wounded after getting stabbed once. Now that he’d spoken to Joe, he realized Joe had been stabbed multiple times. He was terrified. Rowan hissed through gritted teeth, “They’ve got a death wish!” 
Joe remarked emotionlessly, “Indeed, they’ve got a death wish.” 
“Would you like some water?” Skylar asked politely. 
11 
Rowan thanked her and replied, “It’s alright. I’ll be leaving after dropping in to see Joe. 
Then, he turned to Joe and said, “Call me if you need anything.” 
“Alright.” 
“Okay, then. I wish you a speedy recovery. I’ll be leaving now.” He’d squeezed time 
out of his busy schedule to see Joe. 
He’d been extremely busy for the past few days. He had to manage everything personally in the new company. Although they encountered many challenges, he didn’t want to ask for Joe’s help. 
Rowan soon left. 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter942
 943
Skylar felt like a change had taken over Rowan. 
“What are you thinking about?” asked Joe. 
“Rowan seems to have become more mature,” Skylar said. 
Joe thought for a moment before saying, “The Jakemans found some of Jenny’s secrets. They’re waiting for a suitable moment to inform Rowan. This time, they want him to make a complete change.” 
Skylar was a little surprised. She hadn’t expected the Jakemans to have found Jenny 
out. 
When she considered it, it made sense, too. If Rowan intended to marry Jenny, they had to investigate her thoroughly. 
When Rowan left the hospital, he saw Jenny standing a few steps away. 
Upon seeing her, he raised an eyebrow and walked over. Then, Rowan asked, “Why have you come to the hospital?” 
“I saw you leave in the morning after taking a call and was a little worried. Thus, I followed you here. Are you feeling unwell?” Jenny was concerned. 
“I’m fine. Joe got caught up in something and is now hospitalized. Would you like to visit him?” Rowan sighed in relief. He thought Jenny was worried about Joe. 
When she heard that, Jenny’s eyes widened. She didn’t have the guts to see him. Her eyes darted around as she replied, “I think it would be best if I didn’t go.” 
“Are you afraid I’ll get mad?” asked Rowan. 
Jenny shook her head and answered, “No, Joe has Skylar to take care of him. I don’t have to go there. In addition, I don’t think many people know about his hospitalization. I think it’s best if I didn’t go.” 
Rowan observed Jenny. Something seemed off, but he couldn’t figure out why. Once he handled everything he needed to do, he would ask her about it. 
“I’m going to work now. Where are you heading off to?” 
Jenny checked the time and replied, “I’m going to see a friend. We’ll be founding a studio together. Currently, we’re still talking about the details of our partnership.” 
212 
“Alright, goodbye. See you at night.” Rowan kissed her forehead and left. 
Jenny bit her lip as she watched him hurry away. 
If Rowan hadn’t been chased out of the Jakeman family, he wouldn’t have been this busy. He would always be the Jakeman family’s son, and people would sing praises of him wherever he went. 
She didn’t need to be the subject of disdain wherever she went. Minerva was to blame for all of this. Jenny couldn’t help but glance back at the hospital. 
If she could turn back time to a few months ago, she wouldn’t have gone to see Edwin out of greed. She wouldn’t be deprived of her agency if she hadn’t done so. At least, she wouldn’t need to fear visiting Joe in the hospital. 
Just as she was about to leave, she saw Minerva in front of the hospital. She must’ve just left. 
What was Minerva doing at the hospital? 
After a brief moment of hesitation, Jenny trailed after her. 
###chapter943
 944
Minerva stood in front of the hospital, looking at the report in her hands. 
Seven–weeks pregnant. She was pregnant. This child… It would be best to be aborted. 
Just as she was about to contact her doctor and book a slot for the abortion, someone approached her. 
Jenny was intentionally silent when she came over. Curiosity about why Minerva had come to the hospital gnawed at her. She wanted to know what she was down with. Her eyes fell on the report detailing her seven–week pregnancy. 
Her eyes widened, and she exclaimed, “You’re pregnant? Minerva, you’re pregnant. Who’s child is it? Seven weeks… You were with Rowan then. Does the child in your womb belong to Rowan?” 
Minerva frowned at Jenny’s sudden appearance. She was caught by surprise when Jenny found out about her pregnancy. 
When Minerva was silent, Jenny panicked. She pestered her by asking, “Minerva, is your child Rowan’s or not?” 
Jenny had struggled to get to where she was today. She couldn’t let Minerva take Rowan away using this child. 
Jenny recalled how she hadn’t been sleeping with Rowan even though they had stayed together. She had no idea why. 
She’d asked him about it. Rowan said he wasn’t in a hurry. They had their lives ahead of them. They would only do it on their wedding night. 
Although this disappointed Jenny slightly, she took it as a sign of respect from Rowan. 
All these years, Rowan had slept with a slew of women. There was no doubt that he’d slept with Minerva too. Hadn’t she caught them at it when she visited Rowan’s house? 
Minerva warned coldly, “Did you forget what I told you?” 
She glared at Jenny in disgust. When she thought of how Rowan was dating Jenny, Minerva found Rowan revolting by association. 
Then, upon realizing the fetus belonged to Rowan, it solidified her belief that this kid couldn’t be brought into this world alive. She feared she’d think of Jenny and Rowan 
whenever she looked at it. How disgusting. 
Jenny hesitated for a moment. She was intimated. Minerva’s threats were fresh in her mind. 
However, no matter how scared she was, she cared more about whether Minerva’s child was Rowan’s! 
“I hadn’t come here today to see you. I was here to visit Joe. In addition, it’s not like I want to see you. Minerva, if this kid belongs to Rowan, you better think about it. It’s not a good idea to entrap a man using a baby. In addition, Rowan doesn’t like you at all. We’re together now. No matter what challenges we encounter, we’ll face them together. You… Are you sure you want to interfere in our relationship?” 
Jenny inhaled deeply to calm herself down. She knew what mattered the most to a 
woman. 
Minerva was a proud woman. These words would definitely resonate with her. After this, she wouldn’t harbor any intentions for Rowan. If she did, then she would be shameless. 
Listening to her words made Minerva nauseous. Perhaps it was one of the symptoms of her pregnancy. She tried to force her bile down. Then, she said to Jenny, “I’ve got a few pictures here. Would you like to take a look?” 
“Pictures? What pictures?” Jenny’s expression changed. A bad feeling rose within 
her. 
Minerva scrolled through her phone. Then, she opened a picture and showed it to Jenny. 
It depicted Jenny and Edwin clearly. Edwin had his arm around her shoulders. Although Jenny was looking down, it was clearly her. 
“You! Why would you have these pictures?” Jenny lost her composure. She paled immediately. Then, she denied it vehemently, “These pictures were edited. Who gave them to you? They’re scheming against me in an attempt to destroy my reputation so I’ll leave Rowan. How dare you use such sinister tactics!“, 
“You know very well whether these pictures were edited. Jenny, you better forget you ever saw me here. Go back and spend time with Rowan. Stop clowning around before me. If you annoy me, I’ll leak these photos on every media channel possible. You’ll be propelled to stardom in Jipsburg.” 
Initially, Minerva hadn’t wanted to waste time listening to Jenny’s crap. But Jenny was a pain in her butt. 
###chapter944
 945
Jenny paused. What did she mean by asking her to live a cushy life with Rowan? 
“You… Do you really not plan on using the child to entrap Rowan into a marriage?” Jenny couldn’t believe it. 
Minerva immediately called someone. She said, “You’re Mr. Pierre Carson, the reporter, right? I’ve got a…” 
“Got it! Minerva, I got it. Don’t worry. I’ll never show up in front of you ever again. I saw nothing today,” gushed Jenny as she paled. 
She backed away to put distance between her and Minerva. 
She suddenly understood what her friend meant when she said that rich girls like Minerva looked unfazed by anything but were, in reality, ruthless and cruel. Trying to butt heads against them would only end in failure. She knew now. 
Minerva and Joe were the same kind of people. They were merciless, with clear goals. 
She could confirm that Minerva had no interest in staying together with Rowan. 
When Jenny considered how she treasured Rowan as her last chance and how he was nothing to Minerva, she felt unsettled. 
After walking away, she turned back, only to see that Minerva had walked back into the hospital. 
Minerva probably wouldn’t keep the kid, right? 
What she saw today had to remain a secret. Rowan couldn’t find out. For some reason, she knew that she couldn’t allow Rowan to meet Minerva or get word of her 
pregnancy. 
Skylar followed the doctor’s orders and went downstairs to collect Joe’s prescription. She ran into Minerva in the elevator and blurted out a greeting. 
Minerva was confused. She asked, “May I know who you are?” 
“I don’t think you know me, Ms. Reid,” said Skylar with a smile. 
Minerva nodded. Many people knew her in Jipsburg. However, her memory wasn’t good. She’d seen too many people and couldn’t remember most of them. However, if she’d met the beauty before her, she would probably leave some impression on 
Minerva. 
Suddenly, she recalled something. Minerva had seen Skylar’s photo in one of her group chats. She was embroiled in some sort of conflict with Vera. 
“Are you Mr. Martin’s… girlfriend?” She’d paused to think of how to phrase the question. 
Word got around quickly in their circles. Of course, they hadn’t described Skylar as Joe’s girlfriend. Instead, they said she was his lover. 
However, Minerva trusted her intuition. Skylar’s eyes were pure. They were different 
from the others. 
When Skylar heard Minerva refer to her as Joe’s girlfriend, she smiled and said, “Yeah. 
11 
“Nice to meet you, Ms. Sullivan.” Minerva offered her hand. 
Skylar took it and replied, “Nice to meet you too.” 
“Could I get your number? I’m feeling a little under the weather today. I’ll ask you out another day. I heard that you work in Mr. Gardner Senior’s team, right? I might need your help in the future. We can discuss the pay then,” Minerva said genuinely. 
###chapter945
 946
After exchanging contacts, they went their respective ways. Minerva went to see a doctor, and Skylar collected Joe’s prescription. She returned to Joe’s room with the medicine. 
She’d never seen Joe get sick to the point where he needed medication. This time, he needed to take pills because of his wounds. Initially, she’d thought she only needed to prepare water for him. Yet, Joe stared at the medicine in her hand with disdain. 
“My immune system is great. I don’t need that.” 
Skylar thought she’d misheard. She stared at him thoughtfully. “You’re not scared of taking pills, are you?” 
She’d taken a look. There were a few capsules and some sugar–coated pills. Swallowing them shouldn’t be a problem, and they wouldn’t be as unpleasant as traditional medicine. 
Joe’s expression froze on his face as though Skylar had seen through him. 
Skylar laughed internally. Joe had the temper of a little kid sometimes. She said, “I’ve counted a total of four capsules and two pills. You can swallow them in a few gulps. You won’t feel anything in your throat. Coincidentally, I’ve got two jellybeans with me. Why don’t you try one after you’re done with the medicine?” 
Joe shot a glare at Skylar. 
Did she think he couldn’t tell she was treating him like a child? 
“Jellybeans?” 
“Yeah. I don’t know whether you’ve had them before.” 
Skylar liked having candy from time to time. It was probably a habit left from her childhood. Charles and Steven pampered her. Whenever they bought snacks with their pocket money, they’d buy a few sweets for her. 
She adored jellybeans especially. They were never sickeningly sweat. 
When Skylar took the jellybeans out, Joe looked away. 
How difficult to appease. However, he was a patient. 
Skylar asked patiently, “What would you like for lunch? I could cook. Or should I ask the workers from Pearlhall Residence to send them over?” 
An idea popped up in Joe’s head. There was no one else in the room. 
He stared at Skylar and asked, “Would those jellybeans be sweeter than you?” 
Skylar was caught in surprise. She hadn’t expected Joe to make dirty jokes all of a sudden. 
Suddenly, scenes of their passionate nights flashed through her head. Skylar’s breath hitched. She flushed slightly and huffed, “Whatever. Eat it. Or don’t.” 
Joe pressed his tongue to the roof of his mouth. With a slight smile, he swallowed the medicine. 
“I kinda like it.” 
It was clear what he was referring to. 
Skylar glanced at Joe. Their eyes met. 
One look at him and Skylar knew what he was thinking. 
“Dude, you’re wounded from head to toe. You’re extremely weak. You shouldn’t even think about that.” 
Weak? 
Joe pursed his lips and threatened, “In a few days, I’ll show you whether I’m weak or not.” 
Skylar was speechless. Indeed, he wasn’t weak at all. Usually, he had an astounding stamina. 
Two days later, Joe was discharged. 
His stitches were recovering nicely. Howard would check up on him every night. 
###chapter946
 947
A few days later, Joe went to work. In Skylar’s eyes, he was no different from a seasoned Marine. Then, she headed to work too. She needed to clear the projects that had built up during her absence. 
As to Edwin and Derek, Edwin had been released from the detention center with hardly a slap on his wrist. However, Derek and his sons were charged with intentional injury. 
This had been kept under wraps. No reporters had sniffed out this story, and only few connected families in Jipsburg had found out. 
As to Ernest, he was extremely troubled. Skylar wasn’t sure how exactly they were fretting. Paul only occasionally told her that Joe hadn’t been in a good mood. Someone would suffer when that happened. 
Her holiday with Joe in Fachington had been postponed for two weeks. 
When Natalie found out, she was rather disappointed. However, Natalie would be in Fachington for a while more. They would still meet there. 
Skylar had taken time off to visit Simona with Caleb in tow in the past few days. She had recovered well and was getting used to her new school quickly. Her new classmates were quite nice. In addition, Wendy had started boarding at school. She was working hard for her future. 
A psychologist met them every week. Any underlying psychological problems would be solved immediately. 
Some wounds needed to heal on their own. Scabs would form in time. 
After that, she went to see Harvey at school. He was preparing for the college entrance exams and studying all day. He spoke shortly to her before hurrying back to school. Harvey would suffer fore a while more. 
Skylar headed back to Galaxy Villa after leaving his school. Suddenly, a sports car cut her off and forced her to a stop. 
Just as she was about to call the police, the driver got off. 
They walked over. It was Molly. She knocked on the window with a smile, asking Skylar to wind her windows down. Skylar didn’t do so. Instead, she pulled her phone out and asked Molly to call her. 
Molly frowned when she noticed how guarded Skylar was of her. In the end, she 
called Skylar. 
11 
They began calling face–to–face. 
“Give it to me straight. I’m in a hurry to get home,” Skylar said. 
Molly furrowed her brows and said, “Name your price. As long as you stop interfering with those negative items, I’ll pay you any amount you’d like. I’ll meet your conditions. 
Skylar studied Molly thoughtfully. 
Joe had sent people to look into Molly. However, they hadn’t found who she was working for. 
In addition, Skylar was now sure that her destruction of the negative items had made the person Molly work for panic. That was why they asked Molly to talk to her. 
“I won’t entertain any discussions on that. Tell the one you’re working for to stop what he’s doing as soon as possible. Stop using negative items to harm people. It goes against human nature,” Skylar said. 
Molly knew Skylar wouldn’t agree easily. However, she had to make this trip. She explained, “Negative items don’t always harm people. They exist for a reason. Let’s not talk about this first. 
“You and Joe entered into a flash marriage after knowing each other for a short 
you two, period of time. You don’t know each other well, and there’s no love between so why are you helping him? The help you’ve offered him now won’t stop him from divorcing you for Vera. He’s just appeasing Mrs. Martin Senior now. You’re nothing more than a tool to him.” 
Skylar had to admit that Molly had a smooth tongue. If she wasn’t as determined, she might’ve been swayed. 
Skylar stated, “I don’t need you to concern yourself over what will happen between Joe and I. Goodbye.” 
“Wait!” Molly stopped Skylar from hanging up. 
###chapter947
 948
Skylar paused. 
Molly took the chance to add, “Think about it. I can satisfy you as well regarding your non–monetary related matters. Are you content to slave under Alexander? The 
second you nod your head in agreement, I’ll make you into an even better icon than Alexander. If you miss this chance, it’ll never return. With your capabilities, there’s no need to work for him, don’t you think?” 
She knew that this negotiation wouldn’t go smoothly. The last time they spoke, Molly couldn’t get Skylar to agree with a check. This time, it would only be even harder. 
However, her guarantee would probably stir Skylar’s heartstrings. After all, no one would be content to submit to others. 
C 
To Molly’s surprise, Skylar turned it down without so much as blinking. She said, You’ve overestimated me. There’s no need to waste time on me.” 
She started the car and sped away. 
When Skylar left, Molly was extremely displeased. When the driver saw Molly standing motionlessly in place, he opened the door and asked, “Mrs. Martin, should we leave now?” 
Her expression was one of utter bitterness. She only calmed down after a while. She said, “Let’s go.” 
Once she got into the car, Molly sighed. Frustration boiled within her. 
She knew Joe and Skylar were suspicious of her. They might’ve sent investigators after her. However, she’d hidden her activities well. She was careful and meticulous. He wouldn’t be able to find anything. 
However, Joe definitely had his walls up against her. Skylar did too. 
Skylar had destroyed their plans multiple times, reducing their efforts to naught. They didn’t want to give in to her. 
In addition, Molly had wasted decades by Edwin’s side. If not for the fact that she wanted to accomplish something big, she would’ve left him a long time ago! When she thought of the years she’d spent with Joe, Molly was furious. She’d wasted too much time with him! 
She pulled her other phone out and dialed a number. 
“She didn’t agree. I don’t think she’ll take any of our offers.” 
“Alright, got it. We’ll wait a while longer.” 
When she got home, Skylar told Joe about her encounter with Molly. 
“She’s got balls.” Joe narrowed his eyes. 
Skylar agreed. She suggested, “Maybe her boss is getting antsy. Molly might’ve stayed by your dad’s side for years to set this trap.” 
It was like a gigantic game of chess. 
Joe was silent for a few minutes. Then, he called someone and said, “Monitor Molly’s every action.” 
After hanging up, Joe told Skylar, “Be careful when you leave the house, I’ll get guards to protect you covertly.” 
Skylar didn’t put on a pretense of refusing him. She agreed, “Alright.” 
She would be relieved with his protection, as though there was a connection between them. 
Skylar glanced at him and said, “She told me you’d divorce me for Vera.” 
Joe frowned suddenly. 
Skylar headed to the kitchen when his expression changed. 
Pearlhall Residence had sent helpers to prepare dinner ten minutes before they’d even arrived home. 
###chapter948
 949
When Skylar had just gotten home, the helpers from Pearlhall Residence had just left. 
Gloria said Skylar had to work during the day and needed to care for Joe at night. She wouldn’t let Skylar cook. She made the helpers prepare food so they could start eating when they got home. 
She went into the kitchen to take the dishes out. Then, she got herself some pasta. After arranging the dishes on the dining table, Joe walked over and took a seat. 
Skylar sat down too. He said, “I won’t divorce you for Vera. Don’t listen to Molly. She’s trying to drive a wedge between us.” 
Skylar was confused by his relationship with Vera. His attitude had been so firm, and he had sounded so genuine. 
Before she went to bed, Minerva messaged Skylar and asked when she would be free. 
Today was Wednesday. She would be busy during the weekdays. 
“I’m free on Saturday.” 
“Alright, I’ll confirm the time and location of our meeting on Friday with you.” 
“Okay, see you on Saturday.” 
On Saturday, Skylar headed over to the restaurant Minerva had booked. 
It was a restaurant specializing in its homemade dishes. 
It needed reservations. Skylar had seen it online. It was a famous shop, which made reservations notoriously difficult to get. 
Minerva arrived ten minutes early. 
When Skylar came in, Minerva passed her the menu. 
“ordered some of their specialties. It’s marked over there. You can order a few more dishes based on your preferences. The food here comes in small servings. You can order whatever catches your eye.” 
Skylar agreed. She skimmed over the dishes that had been marked out. Minerva had ordered all the specialties. 
Skylar added two desserts. 
The dishes were served one after another. 
“I heard people talking about you, Ms. Sullivan. I’ve been wanting to head to Mr. Gardner Senior’s place. However, I’ve been busy, so I couldn’t make the time to see you there. I’m not going to skirt around the topic. Today, I’ve asked you to lunch because I believe my home is a little off. I would like you to help me take a look,” Minerva said. 
They didn’t engage in vapid small talk and went straight for the main point. This kind of interaction was casual and wouldn’t tire one out. 
“For the past month, I’ve been startling awake in the middle of the night. I feel like someone is watching me from the shadows. Sometimes, I’ve even felt a weight on my back, as though someone is pressing onto me. 
“This feeling intensifies at night. Some of my relatives know divination masters. They went to my house and said there was nothing wrong with it. They even said I’d 
overthought it, and it was all part of my delusion.” 
Madison didn’t hide the details of what happened. She told it as it had happened. Skylar nodded and asked, “Do you keep antiques at home?” 
“Some. They were gifted by my elders. I won the others at auctions. I don’t know much about them. I just bought them for my little collection.” 
Most of them would be used as gifts for her elders during special occasions. 
“If it’s alright with you, I could take a look at your house,” said Skylar. 
Minerva’s eyes lit up. She said, “That’s awesome. Could we rush over after lunch? My place isn’t far from here. It’s a ten–minute ride.” 
“No problem,” Skylar agreed. After all, she had nothing to do in the afternoon. 
The server brought a plate of steamed fish. It was very fresh. 
Upon seeing the fish, Minerva felt her stomach churn. She couldn’t resist the urge to turn and heave. 
###chapter949
 950
Skylar immediately thought that Minerva was pregnant. 
When she recovered slightly, Joe handed her a cup of water. 
Minerva sipped at it, still deathly pale. She felt a little better. Then, she apologized,” Sorry, I haven’t been able to stand the smell of fish recently.” 
“No problem. Coincidentally, I suddenly don’t really feel like having fish either. I’ll ask them to take it away,” Skylar said with a smile. 
Minerva didn’t refuse her kindness. She nodded and said, “Alright, thanks.” 
She didn’t eat much after the fish was taken away. Perhaps she didn’t have much of an appetite. However, to avoid affecting Skylar, she still ate a little. 
Pregnancy changed one’s biology. Even her dietary habits had changed. She would’ve had a lot in the past. However, she suddenly felt like everything was tasteless after a few bites. Her appetite had vanished. 
Minerva even felt like she would throw up if she ate anymore. She glanced at Skylar, who was sitting opposite her. 
There was seldom anyone she took to and felt comfortable with after such a short time together. However, Skylar was one of them. 
When she saw her heaving, she didn’t ask her why. Instead, Skylar diffused the 
situation with a glass of water. 
After lunch, Skylar headed to her place. 
Madison didn’t live with her parents. She lived alone in a minimalistic and 
comfortable penthouse. Skylar relaxed upon walking in. 
Clearly, Minerva had found someone to look at the decoration. Such a place would 
only enrich her. There shouldn’t have been a problem. 
Her interior design didn’t look like it would cause the symptoms Minerva had described. 
“I keep the antiques in the study.” 
L 
Minerva led Skylar into the study. There was a shelf with a few antiques. Skylar could see all of them at a glance. 
Skylar nodded and said, “I’ll study them one by one. This might take some time. You might want to sit down for a bit.” 
Minerva did so immediately. 
Silence blanketed the study. 
Half an hour later, her eyes fell on a paperweight. 
It had once belonged to a scholar. He’d studied for decades but couldn’t find anything. He couldn’t even get himself certified. He doubted himself, and it caused his demise. After acquiring the paperweight, his behavior became even more erratic. His temper had become more’ fiery. The women who loved him died one after another. In the end, the police interfered and caught him. 
After that, the paperweight changed hands. The people who obtained it were influenced by the bad karma surrounding it. Some became highly unfortunate. Those who did business also found themselves losing money quickly. 
Undetermined people would succumb to an even worse fate. 
Minerva felt like there were always people watching her at night because she was a determined person. She didn’t have any sinister desires brewing in her heart. The angry spirits in the paperweight could only give her a fright in the middle of the night. Her mental health would decline and drive her to extremism. 
Minerva noticed Skylar’s line of sight. She stood up and turned to the paperweight. 
“Is there anything wrong with the paperweight?” 
She didn’t really remember when she’d bought it. 
It hadn’t been placed in a noticeable area. Minerva didn’t pay much attention to it. Naturally, she’d glossed over it as always. 
“It’s a negative item.” Skyla
###chapter950
 951
As Skylar glanced at Minerva, an idea struck her. It occurred to her that Minerva’s recent mood swings might be connected to her 
pregnancy. Perhaps the paperweight’s negative energy was affecting her state of mind. 
“Negative item?” Minerva echoed. She was familiar with the term, as it had recently become a topic of conversation. While some people 
were cautious about such things, others remained skeptical. 
Minerva knew people from the Doherty family and was aware of their experiences and recent events involving the Ruell family. Believing in these things, she had arranged to meet Skylar after their encounter at the hospital. 
Skylar explained the situation with the paperweight, and Minerva’s expression shifted as she listened. After a few minutes, Minerva said, “So this might explain my emotional changes. Honestly, I’ve been feeling quite unstable lately.” 
Since the moment Rowan called off their engagement, and Minerva learned she was pregnant the previous day, she had been battling her emotions. 
After all, Rowan had once been her fiancé, and their relationship had been significant. His abrupt departure had deeply affected her. She admitted that Jenny’s presence made her uneasy, leading her to investigate Jenny. 
Minerva realized that her emotional instability might have heightened her sensitivity. 
Skylar said, “If the paperweight is affecting you now, it could continue to do so in the future.” 
Minerva frowned. “If I don’t want it to cause any more harm, should I 
leave it to you to handle it?” 
Skylar nodded with a smile. “Yes, I’ll make sure it’s completely destroyed.” 
“Then I’ll leave it to you,” Minerva sald without hesitation. She had no desire to keep such a harmful or let it hurt anyone else. 
Skylar carefully took the paperweight from Minerva’s hands. 
Minerva then said, “I keep forgetting to talk about payment. How much is it? I’ll transfer it now.” 
Skylar had recently helped the Ruell family with a similar issue and had charged 20 million dollars. Some might see that as opportunistic, but she believed there was a reason behind it. After all, compared to the value of a life, 20 million dollars was nothing. 
Skylar had a good impression of Minerva. The fact that she hadn’t fully succumbed to the paperweight’s negative influence showed her inner strength. 
She smiled and said, “It’s a coincidence that I met you, Ms. Reid. For friendship’s sake, let’s make it 1,000 dollars.” 
Minerva was surprised by the amount but soon smiled back at Skylar. “I feel lucky to have met you too. Let’s skip the formalities -just call me by my first name from now on.” 
“Sounds good.” 
Minerva didn’t send just 1,000 dollars. Wanting to show her sincerity in establishing a genuine friendship, she transferred 666,666 dollars. 
She felt that amount was modest, considering the Ruell family’s issue had been billed at 20 million dollars. She had already disrupted the 
market rate. 
Skylar saw the large transfer and smiled. “Thank you.” 
“No, I should be the one thanking you.” Minerva replied with a smile of her own. 
Skylar checked the time. “It’s getting late. I should head out now. 
Please take care and get some rest. 
Just as Minerva was about to nod, she suddenly began dry–heaving uncontrollably. She ran to the nearby restroom, still heaving 
A few minutes later, she emerged looking pale. She apologized to Skylar, saying, “Sorry about that. I’m pregnant so I’m not feeling that great.” 
###chapter951
 952
Skylar hadn’t expected Minerva to be so direct with her. 
She had suspected Minerva might be pregnant when she saw her dry- heaving in the restaurant earlier. Knowing how perceptive Skylar was, Minerva figured she had already guessed her situation when she first started dry–heaving in the restaurant, 
Minerva smiled and said, “I’ve scheduled for an abortion a few days from now. The discomfort I’ve been experiencing over the past month or two is likely due to the pregnancy.” 
“Are you sure about this?” Skylar could see the hesitation in Minerva’s 
eyes. 
If Minerva were truly indifferent to the baby, she wouldn’t have shown such visible struggle and doubt when talking about the abortion. 
Minerva nodded. “It’s better for the child not to be born into a family without a father. Also, I’m not prepared to be a single mother.” 
She then added, “Can you keep this a secret?” 
She didn’t want her family or the Jakeman family to know about her pregnancy. If the Jakemans found out, Rowan would be forced to marry her, even if he didn’t harbor any feelings for her. 
If Rowan hadn’t been involved with someone else, Minerva might have considered a marriage of convenience–one where both parties benefited. However, Rowan and Jenny’s passionate relationship 
made the situation unbearable. 
Skylar understood and solemnly nodded. “Okay.” 
After leaving Minerva’s home, Skylar went straight to Galaxy Villa. Joe 
was home, and so was Howard, who was conducting a medical check -up on him. 
Seeing Skylar return, Howard greeted her first. “Good evening, Mrs. Martin.” 
Skylar nodded in response. “Hello, Dr. Grey.” 
Joe looked up and said, “There’s a strawberry mille crepe cake over there. Try it and let me know if it’s good.” 
“I bought it on my way here from a bakery trending in short videos,” Howard quickly added. 
In truth, he had bought the cake for himself. He’d feared it would be sold out when he finished examining Joe. To his surprise, Joe, who usually didn’t care much for desserts, had asked for a slice of the cake he had waited an hour to buy. 
Howard initially thought Joe’s sudden craving might be due to his recent injury and the dietary restrictions that followed, which caused him to want things he typically ignored. But now, he realized the cake was meant for Skylar. 
Howard hadn’t expected Joe to dote on his wife so much after getting married. He was surprised to see Joe’s focus shift completely to Skylar the moment she walked in. 
Skylar’s eyes lit up when she saw the cake. “I think I’ve heard of this bakery before, but the lines are always long. Thanks, I’ll give it a try.” 
As she opened the box, the rich aroma of strawberry filled the air. The cake was clearly made with high–quality ingredients, and the slices were neatly packed. 
She picked up a slice and took a small bite. Her eyes immediately squinted in delight. “It’s delicious.” 
A wave of happiness washed over her. She had been a little hungry on 
her way home, and finding such a treat waiting for her was a pleasant surprise. 
After Joe finished his check–up, he walked over while getting dressed. “Is it really that good? Let me try.” 
Skylar was about to get him a slice when he bent down and took a bite from the slice she was eating. 
The gesture caught Howard off guard. It wasn’t just a casual act of affection–something deeper was behind it. 
Seeing what Joe did, Skylar asked, “Is it good?” 
“Yeah, it’s not bad,” Joe replied, though he wasn’t really tasting the cake–his gaze was fixed on Skylar. 
Skylar felt a bit self–conscious under his intense gaze. “You…” 
For the past few days, the way Joe looked at her carried an 
indescribable weight. With Howard present, she didn’t feel 
comfortable addressing it openly. Instead, she turned to Howard. Would you like to try some?” 
“Absolutely!” Howard responded eagerly. 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
Play 
###chapter952
 953
Howard walked over and took a slice of cake. He had been craving it all day and was relieved to finally get a taste. 
After a few bites, he nodded in satisfaction. “This is really good! It’s definitely one of the best I have ever had. No wonder this place has been popular for so long. I’d line up for it again without a second thought.” 
Skylar agreed, saying, “I’d line up for it too.” 
She thought to herself, “Some businesses really deserve their 
success.” 
Feeling slightly annoyed by Howard, Joe’s expression turned slightly sour. “Finished with the cake?” 
Howard noticed Joe’s intense gaze and quickly realized that he might be intruding. He hastily grabbed the cake and headed for the door. “I almost forgot I have something to do. I’ll be leaving now.” 
Before leaving, he turned back to Joe. “Mr. Martin, your injury is healed. You can start exercising now and travel again.” 
After hearing the word “exercise“, Joe glanced at Howard, a satisfied look crossing his face. 
Howard suddenly realized his wording could have been misleading. When he mentioned exercise, he meant activities like brisk walking or jogging, not anything too strenuous. However, sex was acceptable. 
After Howard left, Joe turned to Skylar, who was enjoying her cake. Leaning against the table be casually asked “Did you hear what 
No network available now. Please check your network. Howard said. 
Skylar nodded. “Yes.” 
“Do you remember what you said when I was hospitalized?” Joe asked. 
Confused, Skylar lifted her gaze to him. “We spoke of so many things at the hospital. I can’t remember everything.” 
It had been over ten days since he was discharged, and so much had happened since then that it was hard for her to remember their conversations from the hospital. 
Suddenly, Joe leaned in and kissed Skylar. 
Skylar’s eyes widened in surprise. “You…” 
Enjoying the strawberry mille crepe cake, Skylar let the rich, creamy flavors melt on her tongue. When Joe kissed her, she found herself wondering how he could stand the sweetness still in her mouth. 
Joe deepened the kiss, not giving her time to lose focus. 
As she struggled to catch her breath, he murmured, “Let me show you how strong I am today.” 
Skylar blushed, remembering something. “You are unbelievably strong.” 
Joe smiled and said, “I’m afraid you won’t believe it until you experience it firsthand.” He leaned down and kissed her again. 
Skylar’s body went weak as he continued the kiss. They moved upstairs and had sex in the bathtub and on the bed. 
Joe was finally satisfied at 8:00 pm. He let Skylar go after she had complimented him several times on how amazing he was. 
By then, Skylar was too exhausted to eat dinner. She simply collapsed onto the bed, feeling drowsy. 
Change so 
The next day, Skylar woke up at 5:00 am, hungry. 
The fatigue from last night had left her too drained even to take a shower afterward; she relied entirely on Joe for help. She couldn’t even remember when she had been put back into bed. 
She slipped quietly out of bed, her legs wobbling the moment they touched the floor. Taking a deep breath, she glanced at Joe, still fast asleep. 
Now she understood one of his flaws. 
He was childish. 
###chapter953
 954
During breakfast, Joe casually mentioned, “Paul has booked our flight tickets for Fachington for the day after tomorrow. You can let Mr. Gardner Senior know and take some time off.” 
Skylar perked up in surprise. “Flight tickets for the day after tomorrow? 
She had just wrapped up all her work over the past few days, so she could leave for Fachington without any concerns. 
“Yeah. We’ll also take the chance to shoot our wedding photos there,” 
Joe said, his tone natural. 
When he said, “wedding photos,” his voice was calm, as if this wasn’t just a show for Gloria. 
“You’ve made up your mind?” Skylar asked cautiously. 
Joe looked up suddenly, locking eyes with her. “Didn’t I prove enough last night?” 
Skylar took a deep breath. “What I mean is, are you really sure about not getting a divorce? We’re preparing a wedding, taking wedding photos…. When everything is set, there will be no room for regret.” 
“We won’t be getting a divorce.” His tone was firm, and his gaze sharp. Joe couldn’t help but wonder if Skylar was still thinking about 
Aiken. 
Skylar was a bit taken aback and hesitated slightly before replying, “If this isn’t just a contractual marriage, then there shouldn’t be a third party involved. If you ever want to divorce because you
have someone else, I’d prefer you tell me in advance.” 
Joe raised an eyebrow. “Can you stick to that?” 
Chapt 954 
“Of course,” she said resolutely. After all, she was the one who brought it up. 
Joe’s lips curled into a smirk. “Alright, remember what you said.” 
On Monday morning, Skylar went to the HR department to request her leave and handed some tasks to Caleb. 
Caleb looked dejected after hearing that Skylar would be in Fachington for half a month. He said, “I can’t work without motivation if you’re gone. I want to go to. I might as well take a break too.” 
Moreover, she was going with Joe. 
Now, it was obvious that Skylar and Joe’s relationship was stable. They were even traveling together, which further proved their closeness. 
Caleb had once hoped for their divorce, thinking it might give him a chance someday. But now, that hope was fading fast. 
“Focus on your work, and I’ll bring you back a gift when I return,” Skylar said, patting Caleb’s shoulder. 
To her, Caleb was like her brother, Harvey. Both needed to be handled with the same playful coaxing. 
Caleb brightened up instantly. “Really? You promise?” 
“Of course. If you run into any issues, just leave me a message on WhatsApp, and I’ll reply when I see it. I believe in you. Work hard.” 
“Skylar, if you believe in me, then I definitely believe in myself too. I’ll handle this workload with ease.” 
After ensuring Caleb understood his tasks, Skylar met with Alexander. The rest of the day flew by with work. 
Chappi aka 
That evening, she finally found time to tell Natalie about her flight the next day. But Natalie didn’t respond immediately. 
Skylar didn’t think much of it. Between the time difference and Natalie’s workload, it was understandable. Natalie had mentioned earlier that Austin had been working non–stop on a shoot for days, barely resting. 
If Austin hadn’t had a break, then Natalie definitely hadn’t either. 
It wasn’t until the next day, while Skylar and Joe were on their way to the airport, that Natalie replied. 
“I slept for an entire day yesterday. Mr. Powell has been filming night scenes for days. Ah! Are you surprising me on purpose? When you will get here? I’ll check my schedule and ask Mr. Powell if I can pick you up.” 
Skylar glanced at Joe, who was sitting beside her. Then, she texted back, “Joe’s already arranged for someone to pick me up at the 
airport. Don’t worry about it, I’ll come find you in a day or two.” 
Natalie responded quickly, “Joe’s thoughtful. Alright, I’ll just focus on work today.” 
“Yes, focus on work.” 
A few minutes later, Natalie sent another message. “Skylar, I’ve been working with Mr. Powell for so long, and after we got really into our roles and kissed, it seems like I can’t view him the same way anymore. 
“Anyway… I’m feeling quite strange right now. Once you get here, I’d like to talk it over with you and get your advice.” 
Chapte 95% 
###chapter954
 955
Skylar recalled how Austin had looked at Natalie before. To her, the look had seemed impure. It was not like the gaze of a boss toward an employee. 
Noticing Skylar’s distraction as she stared at her phone, Joe asked, Is something wrong?” 
Skylar shook off her thoughts and replied, “It’s nothing. Once we arrive in Fachington, I’ll visit Natalie while you’re working.” 
“Okay.” 
Vera was attending a friend’s birthday party. After sipping a glass of red wine, she didn’t immediately check her phone when she received a 
message. 
It wasn’t until she went to the restroom that she looked at her phone. When she saw a photo sent by a friend, her expression changed. 
Her friend had messaged. “They’re on the same flight as me to Fachington. They seem to be getting along well, and Joe appears to treat her quite nicely. Are you sure you don’t mind?” 
Vera stared at the photo with frustration. It was a casual, candid shot, not very clear. But it was obvious that the two people were sitting closely together, with Joe leaning toward Skylar. 
Body language wouldn’t lie. Skylar clearly had a significant place in Joe’s heart. They were even married. 
This marriage… 
Initially, Vera thought Joe wouldn’t care much about Skylar. After all, it was a flash marriage arranged by Gloria with no emotional 
connection. She had hoped that with her return and presence, Joe would lose interest in Skylar. 
But now, they were going to Fachington together. 
For the past few days, due to the incident with Christopher, she had been holding back and waiting for Joe to make a move and come closer to her. 
But now… 
She felt Molly was right. Skylar must have used some underhanded tactics. In the face of such tactics, she would clearly be at a 
disadvantage. 
Thinking about it, she couldn’t stay seated. Vera picked up her phone and dialed a number. “Book me a flight to Fachington for tomorrow.” 
Then she texted Molly, “Please have the items you mentioned delivered to my house tonight.” 
At Apollo Hospital, Minerva was struggling to leave the operating room. Every step she took was painful in her lower abdomen. 
Once inside the elevator, she leaned against the wall, her face pale. She didn’t pay much attention when the elevator stopped, and someone else entered. 
*Minerva?” 
Hearing the familiar voice, Minerva looked up. It wasn’t an illusion. It was indeed Rowan. 
Holding a medical report, Rowan looked at Minerva with surprise. He had never seen her so pale before. “Are you ill?” 
*Rowan, I’m feeling a bit dizzy.” When Jenny saw Minerva, her 
expression was slightly awkward. She didn’t want Rowan and Minerva 
to talk too much, fearing that he might find out about Minerva’s 
pregnancy. 
Rowan immediately supported Jenny but continued to worry about Minerva. “Where are you feeling discomfort?” 
He couldn’t help but feel a bit uneasy when faced with Minerva’s cold stare. 
With even colder eyes, Minerva looked at Rowan and Jenny and said, This is none of your business.” 
###chapter955
 956
Minerva’s attitude was frigid. Rowan was left stunned in place by her cold expression, and then he frowned. 
Noticing Rowan’s unease, Jenny bit her lip and said, “Rowan, we’ve 
arrived.” 
Rowan snapped back to reality and helped Jenny out of the elevator. As the elevator door began to close, Rowan glanced back. 
He met Minerva’s cold, mocking gaze, which intensified the uneasy feeling he had just experienced. 
Despite knowing Minerva for a long time, Rowan had always thought she was a very dull person. However, they had good chemistry in bed. 
Apart from that, Minerva didn’t evoke much of a reaction from him. He neither particularly liked nor disliked her. 
However, the Minerva he had just seen reminded him of their past interactions. She seemed to genuinely dislike him. 
Seeing Rowan looking back at Minerva, Jenny became upset and said, “Do you regret breaking up with Minerva? Rowan, if you regret it, go to her now! You two are from similar backgrounds, and
your family chose her for you. 
“You two should be together. I shouldn’t have been the third party between you. If you want to be with her, go to her now. We’ll break up.” 
Rowan withdrew his gaze as the elevator doors closed and realized what he had just done. 
“You’re overthinking it. After all, I’ve known her for so long. Seeing her in the hospital, looking ill, it was just a matter of courtesy to ask how she’s doing,” Rowan said. 
Jenny didn’t believe him and was even more anxious. “Do you still have feelings for her? Rowan, you know I can’t tolerate any third parties. 
“I want you to love me completely. You can’t be with me and still think about Minerva. This is unfair to me. 
Jenny was determined not to let Rowan and Minerva meet again. If. Minerva suddenly revealed her pregnancy to Rowan, it would ruin everything. 
If the Jakeman family found out, there would be no chance for her and Rowan anymore. Jenny wondered why Minerva was back in the hospital and if she was undergoing surgery. 
The thought made her heart race. If that were the case, she wouldn’t have to worry. 
Rowan frowned, feeling Jenny was being unreasonable. “I told you, there’s nothing between Minerva and me anymore. Why won’t you trust me?” 
Jenny said with a cold expression. “Rowan, I want to trust you, but remember what you just said. You and Minerva have nothing to do with each other anymore, so you don’t need to worry about her
health. Right now, I’m the one who is sick, and you should focus on me.” 
She needed to make Rowan care only about her. 
Rowan took a deep breath. Looking at the unreasonable Jenny, he suddenly felt that all the years of persistence seemed to waver. Jenny had never been this way before. 
Seeing Rowan staring at her silently, Jenny began to panic.“Why are you looking at me like that? Rowan, I was just a bit jealous. I’ve been so concerned about you lately that I’ve lost my composure. Don’t take it too seriously.” 
She seemed to be on the edge. Her loss of composure just now was all Minerva’s fault. She wondered why Minerva had to come to this hospital. She should have gone to another one. 
Rowan tried to dismiss his unease and softened his tone. “Just as long as you know. Let’s go and see what the doctor says.” 
Jenny looked at Rowan with affection and said, “I’m really happy to. have you by my side, Rowan. No matter what our future holds, as long as we’re together, everything will be fine.” 
Rowan’s lingering doubts vanished. “I feel the same way.” 
In Fachington, Skylar had just got off the plane. She leaned back wearily against the seat of a luxury SUV. Joe, who was sitting beside her, handed her a bottle of water. 
Skylar accepted the bottle of water. “Thank you.” 
After taking a few sips, she felt a bit better. The flight had left her with some ear discomfort, and the long journey had exhausted her. 
Compared to her, Joe, who frequently traveled for business, looked perfectly comfortable. As soon as he settled into the SUV, he and Paul immediately dove into work. 
###chapter956
 957
Skylar took the opportunity to let Natalie know that she had arrived safely. 
The airport was quite a distance from the hotel. The driver navigated smoothly, and soon Skylar drifted off to sleep. In her semi–conscious state, she felt Joe cover her with his jacket. He even held her close so that she could sleep even more comfortably. 
She originally didn’t want to disturb him while he was working. However, she was so tired, and being held by him felt quite comfortable, so she didn’t move and just slept in his arms. 
Joe’s deep, monotonous voice continued to reach her ears. The dull and tedious work content was likely a lullaby, making her sleep even more deeply. 
After what felt like a long time, the car came to a stop. She vaguely heard Paul’s voice. “Should we wake Mrs. Martin? We’re near the 
hotel.” 
Joe replied, “Not yet.” 
Skylar opened her eyes. “Are we almost at the hotel?“. 
“Yes, we’re nearly there,” Joe said, his voice gentle. 
Skylar sat up and looked out at the street. The different architectural styles of the foreign land caught her eye, and she suddenly felt a surge of excitement for this trip. 
A nap had rejuvenated her, and she felt much more energetic. 
“Would you like to go for a stroll?” Joe asked, noticing Skylar’s bright eyes and evident excitement as she gazed out the window. 
Skylar nodded eagerly. “Will you be busy after we get to the hotel?” 
212 
“Not really. After we grab a bite, we can head out,” Joe replied. 
Paul glanced back quickly when Joe mentioned he wasn’t busy. He thought, “Not busy? That’s far from the truth.” 
Joe was as busy as ever. From what Howard had said, it seemed Joe had a special soft spot for Skylar–something Joe himself might not even realize. 
Earlier, Skylar had been sleeping during the drive. Joe held her close and still, speaking in a very soft voice to avoid waking her. 
Joe cast a cold glance at Paul. 
Paul immediately looked away. He certainly didn’t dare to say in front of Skylar that Joe was very busy. 
In just a few minutes, they arrived at the hotel. After checking in, Paul ordered some food in the room. They had their meal in the suite. 
After finishing, Skylar changed into a different outfit. Then, Joe took her for a walk. 
The streets were relatively quiet. They didn’t walk too far. It was just a casual stroll out of curiosity. 
While strolling, Skylar noticed their hands intertwined. Their fingers locked together. 
Her heart skipped a beat. 
Joe didn’t notice Skylar’s gaze on their joined hands and assumed she was interested in a nearby shop. He said, “Let’s go check it out.” 
Skylar followed him into the bakery. The shop was filled with a tempting array of baked goods. Even though she had just eaten, Skylar was still drawn to the pastries. 
As she was selecting which ones to buy, Joe received a phone call. 
###chapter957
 958
Joe hesitated for a moment when he saw who was calling but then answered the phone. 
“I’m in Fachington. What’s up?” he said. 
“Okay.” 
While Skylar was selecting pastries nearby, she noticed that Joe’s expression turned rather serious when he answered the phone. She assumed it was work–related, knowing Joe had a busy schedule in Fachington. 
Skylar didn’t think much. She focused on picking out some pastries, including a couple of varieties she knew Natalie liked. 
Once she finished picking them out, she walked over to Joe just as he finished his call. 
She glanced at Joe’s phone screen unintentionally. It was a call from Vera. Her heart sank slightly. She told Joe, “I’ll handle the checkout.” 
Joe took the pastries from her hand and said, “I’ll take care of it.” 
“Thanks,” Skylar said. 
While Joe waited in line to pay, Skylar glanced at the pedestrians outside the bakery. Her phone buzzed with a new message. 
She looked down at her phone and saw that it was from Vera. Just after finishing a call with Joe, Vera was already reaching out to her. She opened the message to check. 
“Are you and Joe in Fachington? We spent two months there before and visited almost every place. Would you like me to send you a travel guide?” 
Skylar’s gaze lingered on the words “We visited“. Joe had traveled all 
over the world, and it was unlikely there were many places he hadn’t 
been. 
It seemed Vera and Joe had shared many experiences. 
Just as Skylar was lost in thought, Joe had already finished paying and walked over to her. 
“Are you tired?” Joe asked. 
Skylar looked up and saw the concern in his eyes. She nodded slightly and replied, “Yeah, a bit.” 
“Then let’s head back to the hotel?” 
“Okay.” 
Once they returned to the hotel, Skylar took a shower. When she emerged, Joe was nowhere to be seen. He must have gone to handle work with Paul. 
The ten–hour flight left her exhausted, so she went straight to bed to sleep. 
Meanwhile, back in Jipsburg, Vera threw her phone onto the bed in frustration. “Skylar, you’re something, alright. Just wait until I expose your true self. I’ll make sure Joe knows you’ve deceived him.” 
:.. 
Joe was busy until late into the night before finally returning. Seeing that Skylar was asleep, he took a quick shower and quietly joined her in bed. 
Skylar stirred at the sound and murmured groggily, “You’re back?” 
Yeah, go back to sleep,” Joe replied. 
He pulled Skylar closer into his arms, and she soon fell silent. Her breathing became steady. 
Joe also gradually drifted off to sleep. 
The next morning, they adjusted to the time difference, sleeping for over ten hours. After breakfast, Skylar finally saw Natalie’s reply from the previous night. 
Natalie would come by the hotel to pick her up later. As for Joe, he would be working. Skylar had the next couple of days to spend with. Natalie. 
Joe mentioned, “I’ll finish all the work the day after tomorrow, and then we can start taking wedding photos.” 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
###chapter958
 959
Skylar already knew Joe’s plans. “Okay.” 
Joe added, “During the next couple of days with Natalie, if anything comes up, call me immediately.” 
Skylar smiled. “Are you worried about me?” 
It was clear that Joe was not entirely at ease with her being alone in a foreign country. Joe didn’t hide his concern and admitted. “Yes.” 
“I’ll take care of myself. You focus on your work,” Skylar said. She suddenly felt a bit nostalgic, as if parting with him. 
Joe simply nodded. 
Natalie arrived at the hotel as they talked. 
Skylar went to open the door. It had been nearly two months since they last saw each other. The moment the door opened, Skylar 
almost didn’t recognize Natalie. 
Natalie had lost much weight, but the sun had not tanned her. Her hair had grown past her shoulders. 
“Wow, you didn’t recognize me?” Natalie teased with a smile. She hugged Skylar tightly. “I missed you so much.” 
Skylar commented, “You’ve lost weight.” 
Natalie immediately expressed her frustration, saying, “If you lived here for two or three months, I guarantee you’d go from over 90 pounds to just 80 pounds. The Floan cuisine here is decent, but it’s not like home. Everything I eat here has no taste.” 
As she spoke, she noticed Joe. 
Joe looked over at her and Skylar, and she addressed him, “Don’t 
worry. I’ll take good care of Skylar for the next few days. I’ll ensure she eats, drinks, and has fun.” 
Joe raised an eyebrow. He was clearly skeptical of Natalie’s words. 
“Eat well, drink well, and have fun?” he thought. 
Then, he said, “Just don’t lose too much weight.” 
Natalie was speechless. Her mouth twitched in annoyance. 
Skylar couldn’t help but laugh. “I bought several pastries. Let’s have some together later. I’m not sure if you’ve been to this bakery before, but the pastries aren’t too sweet but very soft.” 
Natalie’s eyes lit up at the mention of the food. “Now that you mention it, how could I have forgotten to buy myself some pastries and cakes over these past two months?” 
“They’re in my suitcase,” Skylar said. She moved the suitcase she had set aside closer. 
Since she would be staying with Natalie for just two days, she packed a small suitcase containing some personal items, two outfits, and a few pastries. 
Natalie checked the time. “Let’s head out now.” 
She took the suitcase from Skylar’s hands. 
“Alright.” 
As they were about to leave, Skylar gleaned back at Joe. Their eyes 
met. 
“I’m leaving now. See you the day after tomorrow. Take care of yourself these two days,” Skylar said. 
Joe nodded. “Okay.” 
As Natalie’s gaze shifted between them, she remarked once they 
were downstairs and in the car, “It looks like your relationship with Joe has progressed. I could tell he was reluctant to see you leave earlier, and he’s worried I won’t take good care of you and that you might get too thin.” 
Skylar laughed. “It’s normal for couples to act like that. But enough about me. Let’s talk about you. Did Mr. Powell arrange this car for us?” 
“I asked Mr. Powell for time off, and he arranged this car for us, knowing you were coming. We’ll use this car for our outings over the next few days. I have to say, Mr. Powell is really a great boss. 
“He’s the kind of boss and idol you rarely come across,” Natalie said, praising him without reservation. 
The driver, Fabian Freeman, also came from Jipsburg. Upon hearing Natalie praise Austin, he joined in with his own compliments. “Mr. Powell is indeed an incredible person. Even though he’s a superstar, he’s so down–to–earth. 
“My whole family loves watching his movies. Every role he plays is a masterpiece, and his acting is truly impressive.” 
“I’m also a fan of Mr. Powell. His acting is indeed remarkable,” Skylar responded, continuing Fabian’s conversation. 
That was genuinely how she felt. In Charles‘ eyes, Austin was one of the most admirable figures in the entertainment industry. The longer Charles worked in the industry, the more he admired Austin. 
These were the words Charles had said to her. 
Then, she looked at Natalie and recalled what Natalie had mentioned about the rehearsal where Austin got particularly absorbed. Perhaps Austin’s feelings for Natalie were now quite evident. 
###chapter959
 960
In the afternoon, Natalie took Skylar to visit some well–known tourist spots, checking off each location as they went. 
During their tour, Austin called Natalie. He invited them to his mansion for a gathering that evening. 
“Skylar, we’re not staying at a hotel tonight. We’ll be staying at Mr. Powell’s mansion. I’ve been there before, it’s like a hidden paradise! Oh, and Mr. Powell mentioned that there will be a barbecue tonight. He said we should head over after we finish up here.” 
Natalie’s eyes lit up like stars when she mentioned the barbecue and the mansion. 
Skylar’s curiosity was piqued at the mention of such a wonderful place. “Sounds amazing! Let’s buy some desserts and fruit to bring over later.” 
“Sure, we can buy some desserts. However, Mr. Powell’s mansion has a chef who can make both Floan and Wiscadian cuisines, and the desserts there are delicious, too. 
“As for fruit, there are fresh ones in the orchards there that we can pick ourselves,” Natalie said. She suddenly realized how much she remembered about the mansion. 
Skylar chuckled and said, “Alright then, let’s just grab some desserts.” 
After shopping for a while, the two of them bought some desserts. Before it got dark, they got into the car and headed to the mansion. 
They snacked on some pastries to tide them over on the drive there. 
Then, Skylar picked a few freshly taken photos from their sightseeing and sent them to Joe. He responded quickly, “You look beautiful. The scenery is alright.” 
Skylar grinned and asked, “Since when did you learn how to sweet- talk?” 
Joe’s reply was simple. “It’s just the truth.” 
His compliment made Skylar’s heart flutter, especially paired with his sincerity. 
“You two are too sweet. I wasn’t prepared for your public display of affection,” Natalie teased, noticing Skylar’s smile. She looked like a woman who was deeply in love. 
Natalie was genuinely happy for Skylar, seeing the way things had developed between her and Joe. She had a strong feeling that once Joe fell for Skylar, he would never look at anyone else. 
An hour later, they arrived at Austin’s mansion. Only Austin and Hank were there. The rest of the studio team had not yet arrived. 
The barbecue grill was already set up on the lawn, with various skewered meats arranged nearby. 
A long table displayed an array of Floan cuisines. 
“Mr. Powell,” Skylar greeted Austin warmly. 
Austin greeted them with a smile. “We’ll be starting the barbecue soon. Feel free to sample some of the freshly prepared dishes and seafood if you’re hungry. The pizza should be ready soon too. 
“The meat tonight is marinated with ingredients sent from Jipsburg City. It’s going to be incredibly flavorful,” Hank added with a hint of drool. 
Skylar looked at Hank. She had seen him once or twice before, but this time, she was as surprised as she had been when she saw Natalie at the hotel. “Hank, you’ve lost weight.” 
Hank was somewhat pleased with his weight loss. “Yes, I’ve lost 20 
pounds. It’s thanks to my recent self–discipline.” 
Natalie chuckled, unable to hide her amusement. She quickly turned away to avoid Hank noticing her laughter. The so–called self- 
discipline was a bit of a joke. 
Since arriving in Fachington, Hank struggled with the local cuisine. Initially, like Natalie, he had tried various new dishes and even gained a few pounds. 
However, he lost his appetite for most food once the novelty wore off. He couldn’t always visit the mansion. 
He found the Floan cuisine elsewhere didn’t suit his taste, and he didn’t like the cuisine from other countries either. 
As a result, he ended up losing weight. However, Hank lost more weight than Natalie did. 
###chapter960
 961
Skylar noticed Natalie trying to stifle her laughter and realized that Hank and Natalie’s weight loss likely 
had the same cause. 
Looking at Austin, she could tell that he maintained his physique regularly. He looked just as fit as he did back at Jipsburg. 
Hank was skilled at barbecuing. He called out to Skylar and Natalie, “Just wait another half hour–at most. I’ll have everything ready.” 
Natalie leaned in, clearly excited. “It smells amazing.” 
“It smells good, right? I’ve loved barbecue and grilled meat since I was a kid. These seasonings were sent from my hometown, so they’re definitely authentic.” 
Natalie nodded eagerly, looking every bit the food enthusiast. “It’s obvious that it’s authentic.” 
Skylar and Austin stood aside, each holding a glass of different fruit juices. Skylar noticed that Austin’s gaze kept drifting toward Natalie. 
When he saw Natalie eyeing the skewers hungrily, he couldn’t help but smile. His affection was visible in his eyes, and it was clear that his feelings for Natalie were more than admiration. 
Mr. Powell, do you have feelings for Nath? Not the usual employer–employee affection, but genuine romantic interest?” Skylar asked directly. 
Upon hearing Skylar’s words, Austin took a sip of his juice. Then, he placed the cup down and shifted his gaze back from Natalie. “Is it that obvious?” 
“Yes, I can sense it.” Skylar nodded. 
Austin’s voice softened, taking on a more serious tone. He asked, “How long do you think it will take for her to be ready for a new relationship?” 
Skylar was surprised by his straightforwardness. “Are you aware of her past with Jeremy?” 
“She and Jeremy are divorced. Given Natalie’s personality, she won’t rekindle anything with him,” Austin said confidently. 
It was clear Austin knew Natalie well. 
Skylar remained cautious. “Mr. Powell, are your feelings for Nath genuine, or are you just looking for companionship because you’re lonely from filming? Mr. Powell, Nath is kind and simple. She doesn’t know how to manipulate men like some other women might. She’s just come out of a painful situation and can’t afford to be hurt by another relationship.” 
Skylar hoped Austin could understand her meaning. He should reconsider his intentions if he only wanted a casual fling, as Natalie wouldn’t participate. 
Those who were into playing emotional games ought to find someone else. Natalie was not to be approached with such intentions. 
Austin looked at Skylar with a serious and sincere expression. “She is lucky to have a friend like you.” 
Their eyes met, and Skylar could clearly sense Austin’s seriousness. He smiled and said, “I’ve been in the entertainment industry for over a decade, and this is the first time I’ve truly put my heart into
a 
relationship. If she agrees, she will be my wife.” 
Not a girlfriend, but a wife. This indicates how much he cared about Natalie. 
Skylar’s expression softened as she smiled and nodded. “Natalie can be a bit slow when it comes to emotions. You might need to be very thoughtful and patient with her.” 
If Austin became impatient, it might scare Natalie away. 
Skylar knew Austin’s feelings were genuine. Natalie had been infatuated with him in the past and kept up with his news. Someone like Austin, who was known for his clean reputation in the industry, was rare. 
Even Charles, who worked in the entertainment industry, commented that Austin differed from other celebrities. 
Natalie ran over. “What are you two talking about? Is the juice good? I heard Hank say it’s made with fresh fruit from the orchard.” 
She had initially wanted to drink alcohol. But seeing that Skylar and Austin were drinking juice, she picked up a glass instead. 
“It’s delicious, full of fruit flavor,” Skylar said. 
Austin handed her another glass. “This one’s mango. Try it.” 
“I love mangoes. Thank you, Mr. Powell.” Natalie eagerly set aside her orange juice and took the mango juice from Austin. 
###chapter961
 962
Natalie took a large gulp of the mango juice. It was incredibly delicious. Freshly squeezed juice was definitely the best. 
“This is delicious. The last time I visited an orchard, I didn’t see any mango trees,” she said. 
Austin replied, “The chef brought the mangoes from the supermarket.” 
Natalie nodded and said, “No wonder.” 
If there had been mangoes in the orchard, she would have picked them and eaten them right away. 
Skylar smiled slightly, noting that Austin’s attention to Natalie’s preferences showed his genuine interest. Looking at Natalie’s reaction toward Austin, it was evident that she had the complete attitude of an employee toward a boss or a fan toward an idol. This made Austin’s pursuit of her potentially challenging. “Lamb skewers are ready! Come and eat. I’ll start grilling the beef skewers and chicken wings,” Hank called out, his face reddened from the grill. 
While he ate, he continued to speak to them. 
Natalie’s eyes lit up as she ran back. “Mr. Powell, Skylar, just sit and wait. I’ll bring the lamb skewers.” 
The freshly grilled lamb skewers smelled incredibly tempting. After taking a bite, Skylar gave Hank a big compliment. “They’re so delicious. Better than any barbecue I’ve had in Jipsburg.” 
Originally, Skylar thought Hank might have been boasting, but now it was clear Hank was truly skilled. 
“Yes, yes, this is the best barbecue I’ve ever had.” Natalie nodded in agreement. 
Hank laughed heartily at the praise. “Barbecue not only requires good quality meat but also proper grilling. This is a family receipt. My dad has run a barbecue restaurant for over 20 years and taught me all the techniques. If you like it, we should get together more often when we’re back in Jipsburg.” 
Austin ate sparingly. 
Even though the lamb skewers were incredibly aromatic, he restrained himself to only two skewers. 
Seeing this, Natalie felt a bit sorry. Austin was so disciplined for his dreams that he could only have two skewers of such delicious meat. 
“Mr. Powell, would you like some veggie wraps? They’re filled with onions and cilantro, and I asked Hank to use less oil and salt,” she offered. 
Austin looked at her and smiled. “Sure, that sounds good.” 
Natalie went over to get the veggie wraps. 
Austin then asked Skylar, “Do you think she likes me?” 
Skylar shook her head with a smile. “It’s hard to tell right now.” 
Given Natalie’s personality and her recent divorce from Jeremy, she likely wasn’t considering jumping into another relationship so soon. 
Therefore, she probably hadn’t thought that Austin might have feelings for her. Austin’s smile faded slightly as he took a sip of the red wine. Then, he said, “I guess I haven’t done enough yet.” 
The barbecue continued for over two hours. 
Chap 2 
Afterward, they moved inside to relax. They sipped wine and sang songs. There weren’t many people, but the atmosphere was comfortable. 
Skylar had a low tolerance for alcohol, so she stopped after just one glass of red wine. 
Natalie was slightly tipsy. She turned to Hank and said, “Why don’t you sign me on as an actress? Mr. Powell says 
I have talent, and he gets into character quickly when we act together.” Hank was also a bit drunk. “Acting with you, Austin would definitely get into character.” 
Natalie didn’t catch the meaning behind Hank’s words. “What do you mean, acting with me gets him into character? Are you saying I have acting skills?” 
Hank asked, “The entertainment industry isn’t easy to work in. You have to constantly manage your figure and navigate all sorts of interactions. Can you handle that?” 
The entertainment industry was particularly tough for women. Many female celebrities were not as glamorous as they appeared, and they endured many unseen struggles. 
Though he had been drinking, he wasn’t drunk. Otherwise, he would have said it outright. 
###chapter962
 963
Hank wondered why Natalie was bothered by the idea of breaking into the entertainment industry. She could have everything anyone could dream of if she simply married Austin. 
If she ever felt like acting, she could have an Oscar–winning actor by her side, guiding her through scenes. On top of that, she would have the man himself–sharing her life and her bed. It was the kind of life most people could only fantasize about, and all Natalie had to do was to marry Austin and make it a reality. 
Natalie thought about the barbecue she had enjoyed so much earlier and frowned. “I could do everything else, but if I can’t eat, I can’t handle it. I’ll think it over again.” 
Listening to Natalie’s tipsy musings, Skylar shook her head with a laugh. “You’re such a foodie.” 
“Haha! Skye, we’re both foodies.” 
Austin had always had a strong tolerance for alcohol, and the amount of red wine he drank was nothing for him. When Natalie complimented his acting and said he could get into character quickly with her, he couldn’t help but smile. 
If it was a romantic scene, she could indeed get him into character fast. And he would be completely sincere. No one else could do that. 
In the past, he had always relied on acting techniques for romantic scenes. It wasn’t the same as actually feeling something. 
They had already kissed, and yet she acted like nothing had happened. She simply assumed he was just caught up in the moment. 
From now on, he would have to take a different approach with her. Natalie was about to talk to Austin but noticed him looking at her. She wondered if she had said something wrong earlier, as Austin seemed unhappy. 
With that on her mind, she asked Skylar, “Hey, Skye, do you think Mr. Powell seems off today? He doesn’t look too happy.” 
Skylar glanced over at Austin. He was gazing down, his expression thoughtful. 
“You must have seen it wrong. Mr. Powell’s in a great mood today,” she said to Natalie. 
Natalie mumbled drunkenly, “Did I see that wrong? I really need to drink less in the future. My eyes aren’t working properly.” 
She realized she might have seen it wrong. Since everyone had such a great time eating barbecue and singing, it was hard to believe that Austin was suddenly in a bad mood. 
Later that night, Skylar and Natalie shared a room and slept in the same bed. It was like being back in college. 
Skylar went to take a shower first. After she finished, Natalie went in to bathe. 
As Natalie was in the shower, Skylar glanced at her phone and checked her WhatsApp messages. Her chat with Joe had not been updated for two hours. 
She had sent him a picture of the barbecue, but he hadn’t replied. She wondered if he was still busy. She also checked her Instagram. She had just posted a few pictures from today. Just as her post had gone live and she was about to exit Instagram, she suddenly saw a new post from Vera. 
Vera looked radiant on her balcony, and a gentle breeze and lights cast a glow on her face. The view from 
###chapter963
 964
Natalie was now fully sober as she said, “I didn’t drink much. I was just a little tipsy.” 
At the same time, she felt a bit of regret. While everyone sang earlier, she belted out off–key and became a microphone hog. It was so embarrassing she felt like she had made a fool of herself abroad. 
“Your singing was better than back in college. Have you been practicing secretly?” Skylar asked with a laugh. 
Natalie gave her a look of despair. “Let’s just cut off contact.” 
The next day, she had no idea how to face Austin and Hank, and she felt she had socially embarrassed herself. 
Once in bed, she confessed worriedly, “These past few days, while working with Mr. Powell, I keep feeling like something’s not right.” 
“What’s not right?” 
“Sometimes, when I see Mr. Powell, I keep recalling that moment when he kissed me. Even though I know it was just him getting into character, I still…” 
“Still what?” 
” 
Natalie bit her lip and said, “I still think Mr. Powell is truly an Oscar–winning actor. His kissing skills are incredible.” 
Skylar thought, “Is that the main point?” 
Her mouth twitched with amusement. “So his kissing skills have you fixated? Do you want to try again?” 
“It’s possible. Mr. Powell’s kissing skills are so impressive that my mind went blank! It turns out I’ve been fixated on his kissing skills and want to try again. I’m obsessed with Mr. Powell’s kissing skills.” 
Natalie seemed to have stumbled into a new realization about herself. 
Skylar struggled to maintain her composure. “You didn’t consider anything else?” 
She wondered if Natalie was only fixated on his kissing skills and not on him as a person. Skylar didn’t ask directly because she was worried about giving Natalie the wrong impression. 
After all, given her current state of confusion, whether Natalie liked Austin or could develop feelings for him was uncertain. 
“Anything else? I remember I accidentally touched Mr. Powell’s abs that day. You wouldn’t believe how disciplined he is. His diet must be controlled by willpower alone. 
“His physique is maintained through hard work. He looks thin in clothes but has well–defined muscles underneath. That’s Mr. Powell–his well–defined physique is incredibly tempting,” Natalie said, nearly drooling as she spoke. 
She realized she was now craving Austin’s physique again. These thoughts were only safe to share with Skylar. 
Talking about it helped ease the strange feelings she had been experiencing. 
Skylar was speechless. “You’ve often mentioned how great Mr. Powell’s physique is. 
“That was different before. Back then, I only have videos and photos to look at from a distance. Now, I see him in person every day. I can touch him and even kiss him. 
“It’s a feeling that’s hard to put into words.” She felt that her limited vocabulary from school couldn’t quite capture the depth of her experience. 
She still felt a flutter of excitement whenever she thought about it.. 
“Have you ever had any improper thoughts about Mr. Powell? Like, trying to make a move on him?” Skylar asked. 
Natalie’s eyes widened, and she shook her head vigorously. “I’ve had some improper thoughts, like wondering what Mr. Powell looks like without clothes. But I wouldn’t dare to make a move on him. 
“Besides being my boss, he’s also my idol. I know my own limits well. Even if it weren’t Mr. Powell, I’m not interested in pursuing anyone at the moment. Right now, I’m focused on my career.” 
After a big setback with Jeremy, she wasn’t ready to fall for someone again without reservation. The thought of romance and marriage was frightening to her. 
“Let’s talk about something else. Aren’t you and Joe supposed to be taking wedding photos in a few days? 
Skylar didn’t press further and simply nodded. “We’re scheduled to go for the shoot the day after tomorrow.” 
She had the feeling that the plan might still be canceled. 
Natalie didn’t catch the underlying meaning in Skylar’s words, feeling a bit tired. She cheerfully nodded and said, “That’s great! With your figure, you’ll look stunning in any wedding dress. Joe won’t be able to take his eyes off you. 
“I’m too tired. I need to sleep now,” Natalie said. 
Without another word, Natalie closed her eyes and fell asleep quickly, even with the lights still on. 
Skylar got up to turn them off. 
Austin and Hank were still awake, going over the details of tomorrow’s work schedule. 
Both of them were night owls and could stay up all night. 
After dunking and singing, neither Austin nor Hank felt the slightest bit sleepy. So they decided to have and of drinks 
The rescheduled tomorrow’s daytime activities, but the evening ones can’t be postponed. Check the schedule and see if there’s anything wrong.” Hank said as he handed over the plans. 
Austin skimmed through the schedule quickly. “Everything looks fine. We’ll follow this plan.” 
There will be an interview after the event. Just speak freely. These small interviews are a piece of cake for you.” Hank was confident in Austin’s abilities. 
Of course, Hank had been confident for many years, though he was still uneasy about Austin’s romantic 
issues. 
“I noticed that Natalie seemed oblivious today. Doesn’t she realize you have feelings for her?” Hank was exasperated with Natalie’s lack of awareness. 
Austin’s expression darkened. “She’s just come out of a difficult situation with Jeremy. It’s natural for her to be guarded about relationships right now. Maybe she’ll come to understand it in time.” 
“Speaking of Jeremy, I feel like he still hasn’t gotten over Natalie, but he’s hard to read,” Hank said with a frown. 
He couldn’t shake the feeling that even if Natalie knew about Austin’s feelings and ended up with him, Jeremy would definitely try to intervene. 
Austin gave a noncommittal hum in response. 
Hank raised an eyebrow. He realized that while he was here fretting about whether Jeremy would take any drastic measures, Austin seemed completely unconcerned. 
Hank glanced around the mansion. He thought that this place wasn’t something money could easily buy. 
“Austin, after keeping this secret for so many years, just tell me straight out–who exactly are you?” 
Austin gave him a cool glance and replied, “I’m your bread and butter.” 
Hank muttered a curse under his breath and said, “I’m going to bed.” 
The next day, Natalie and Skylar woke up at 11:00 am. 
Skylar had a headache. 
“Do you have a headache, too? My head hurts so much. I knew I shouldn’t have drunk yesterday. It always gives me a headache, Natalie complained about her health, lamenting that she could eat
anything but 
shouldn’t drink. 
“I have a headache as well. Drink some water, it should help relieve it soon,” Skylar said, handing Natalie a glass of water. 
Skylar took a few sips of water slowly, while Natalie also took a few sips of water. After about ten 
minutes, both felt some relief from their headaches. 
The mansion’s chef had prepared a lavish breakfast with various Floan and Wiscadian cuisines, all beautifully presented and rich in flavor and aroma. 
Skylar was quite hungry. 
“The pancakes are incredible. I’ve been craving them since the last time I had them. They’re even better than what I had at Jipsburg.” Natalie enthusiastically recommended the pancakes. 
Skylar tried one and was indeed impressed. “They’re delicious.” 
“We had them make a few more today,” Austin said gently. 
Hank had already finished two pancakes and a large bowl of chicken soup. “This is the best. It’s just too far from the set. Otherwise, I’d want to come here every day for a meal.* 
“I feel the same way,” Natalie agreed and nodded eagerly. 
Just as they were enjoying their conversation, Natalie’s phone rang. She was about to answer it when she saw Jeremy calling. 
Her smile quickly faded. 
Skylar noticed Natalie’s sudden change in expression. 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter964
 965
After drinking and singing, neither Austin nor Hank fast the alightest bit sleepy. So they decided to have another round of drinks. 
“I’ve rescheduled tomorrow’s daytime activities, but the evening ones can’t be postponed. Check the schedule and see if there’s anything wrong,” Hank said as he handed over the plans. 
Austin skimmed through the schedule quickly. “Everything looks fine. We’ll follow this plan.” 
“There will be an interview after the event. Just speak freely. These small interviews are a piece of cake for you.” Hank was confident in Austin’s abilities. 
Of course, Hank had been confident for many years, though he was still uneasy about Austin’s romantic 
issues. 
“I noticed that Natalie seemed oblivious today. Doesn’t she realize you have feelings for her?” Hank was exasperated with Natalie’s lack of awareness. 
Austin’s expression darkened. “She’s just come out of a difficult situation with Jeremy. It’s natural for her to be guarded about relationships right now. Maybe she’ll come to understand it in time.” 
“Speaking of Jeremy, I feel like he still hasn’t gotten over Natalie, but he’s hard to read,” Hank said with a frown. 
He couldn’t shake the feeling that even if Natalie knew about Austin’s feelings and ended up with him, Jeremy would definitely try to intervene. 
Austin gave a noncommittal hum in response. 
Hank raised an eyebrow. He realized that while he was here fretting about whether Jeremy would take any drastic measures, Austin seemed completely unconcerned. 
Hank glanced around the mansion. He thought that this place wasn’t something money could easily buy. 
“Austin, after keeping this secret for so many years, just tell me straight out–who exactly are you?” 
Austin gave him a cool glance and replied, “I’m your bread and butter.” 
Hank muttered a curse under his breath and said, “I’m going to bed.” 
The next day, Natalie and Skylar woke up at 11:00 am. 
Skylar had a headache. 
“Do you have a headache, too? My head hurts so much. I knew I shouldn’t have drunk yesterday. It always gives me a headache,” Natalie complained about her health, lamenting that she could eat anything but shouldn’t drink. 
“I have a headache as well. Drink some water, it should help relieve it soon,” Skylar said, handing Natalie a glass of water. 
Skylar took a few sips of water slowly, while Natalie also took a few sips of water. After about ten minutes, both felt some relief from their headaches. 
The mansion’s chef had prepared a lavish breakfast with various Floan and Wiscadian cuisines, all beautifully presented and rich in flavor and aroma. 
Skylar was quite hungry. 
“The pancakes are incredible. I’ve been craving them since the last time I had them. They’re even better than what I had at Jipsburg.” Natalie enthusiastically recommended the pancakes. 
Skylar tried one and was indeed impressed. “They’re delicious.” 
“We had them make a few more today,” Austin said gently. 
Hank had already finished two pancakes and a large bowl of chicken soup. “This is the best. It’s just too far from the set. Otherwise, I’d want to come here every day for a meal.” 
“I feel the same way,” Natalie agreed and nodded eagerly. 
Just as they were enjoying their conversation, Natalie’s phone rang. She was about to answer it when she saw Jeremy calling. 
Her smile quickly faded. 
Skylar noticed Natalie’s sudden change in expression. 
###chapter965
 966
Natalie stepped outside to take the call. She didn’t want to disturb Hank, Austin, and Skylar at breakfast. 
“Jeremy,” she answered. 
“I’m in Fachington. I need to see you today.” Jeremy’s voice came through. 
Natalie wondered why he was returning to Fachington. He and Helena had just returned a few days earlier. 
Natalie glanced back at the three people still eating and said quietly, “I can’t meet you today. Skylar is here in Fachington, and I need to be with her for the next couple of days. If there’s something important; let’s discuss it over the phone.” 
Jeremy replied, “We can’t discuss it over the phone. Where are you right now?” 
“I’m with Skylar. Jeremy, I think there’s nothing more for us to discuss. The food is getting cold, so I’m going to eat,” Natalie said, ready to end the call. 
Jeremy immediately stopped Natalie. “Wait, are you with Austin?” 
Natalie confirmed briefly, “Yes.” 
Jeremy immediately responded coldly, “I need to see you today, or there will be consequences you won’t expect.” 
“Jeremy! What exactly do you want? I’ve said that Skylar is here, and I want to spend the next couple of days with her. 
“Why do you insist on seeing me? We should have said everything that needed to be said last time, and there’s no need for more,” Natalie said. 
She felt increasingly confused by Jeremy. Their last two meetings had ended on bad terms. There were many things she wanted to clarify, but she couldn’t quite put them into words. 
“Moreover, we’ve already divorced, Jeremy.” 
Jeremy took a deep breath and said, “I regret it. We shouldn’t have divorced.” 
He had said the same thing last time. But as she had mentioned before, there was no remedy for regret. Since they were divorced, they couldn’t be together again. 
She had intentionally downplayed their marriage’s impact on her, but that didn’t mean the hurt had disappeared. 
Natalie’s eyes welled up. “I’ve already said I wish you and Helena well.” 
“Jeremy, there’s nothing more to discuss between us Some things were clearly said at the time of our divorce. I’ve moved on, and you should too. It wouldn’t be fair to Helena otherwise. I need to go now.” 
Natalie didn’t give Jeremy a chance to respond and terminated the call. She stood by the door, trying to calm her emotions and not let Jeremy affect her, but she was still impacted. 
After a while, she returned to the dining room. 
Skylar looked up as Natalie came back. It was clear that Natalie’s mood had changed, and her eyes were 
a bit red. 
Skylar guessed that the call must have been from Jeremy. If it had been anyone else, Natalie wouldn’t have gone outside to take the call. 
Only Jeremy’s calls could cause such a noticeable shift in Natalie’s emotions. Austin’s gaze darkened 
slightly. 
Hank pretended not to notice Natalie’s change in mood. When Natalie sat down, she lost her appetite for the pancakes she had been looking forward to. 
She managed to eat a couple more but then said, “I’m full.” 
Skylar was also almost done eating. 
After breakfast, Austin and Hank accompanied them around the mansion for a while. 
The mansion was vast, and they spent over two hours exploring without finishing everything. 
They also picked some fresh fruit from the orchard and went to visit a nearby scenic spot with their fresh 
fruit. 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
###chapter966
 967
Claim 
Chapters? 
By the time Austin and Hank had accompanied Skylar and Natalie 
their mansion four, it was already 5 
00pm. After having dinner together, Austin and Hank at first because Austin had an event to attend that 
Pening 
Akyar then went with Natalie to the hotel. 
Ye be wu chi to the set 
The hotel was close to the set. Natalie and Austin had been staying there for the past two months. The area was also very safe, so there were no security concerns. 
Natalie took Skylar on a tour of the set again. The current shoots were for other actors‘ scenes. However, such large–scale productions were rare for Jipsburg film crews to achieve 
Skylar was interested and thought she would share this experience with Charles when she returned so he could understand more about it. Since photography was not allowed, she felt a bit disappointed. 
“Look, that’s the female lead. Isn’t she stunning? When she acts with Mr. Powell, their emotional scenes are so gripping, it makes my heart race,” Natalie said, pointing to a few people filming nearby. 
The female lead was Fachingtonian and was breathtakingly beautiful. Just a glance was enough to take one’s breath away. 
“So when Mr. Powell and I act together, he can imagine me as the female lead and get into the role. It really shows how professional he is.” Natalie couldn’t help but praise Austin again. 
As they walked, Natalie continued complimenting him, Skylar felt that Austin had unconsciously carved out a special place in Natalie’s heart. Despite everything, this admiration for Austin made him uniquely irreplaceable. 
Skylar’s gaze suddenly stopped at a certain spot, and her steps faltered as well. 
Natalie noticed that Skylar had fallen behind after taking a few steps ahead and turned back to look at her. “What’s wrong?” 
She followed Skylar’s gaze to see what had caught her attention. 
When Natalie saw that the scene was wrapping up and the next scene was being prepared with several actors, including Helena, she was surprised. “Didn’t Helena’s scenes finish filming a while ago? Could it be a reshoot? But the set doesn’t match, so it must be an added scene.” 
Just as she spoke, Natalie spotted Jeremy. It seemed that Helena’s added scenes were likely Jeremy’s 
doing 
At that moment, Jeremy’s gaze shifted toward them. He first noticed Skylar, and then his eyes landed on 
Natalie. 
When Natalie met Jeremy’s gaze, she immediately grabbed Skylar’s arm and said, “I’m feeling a bit tired. 
Let’s head back to the hotel.” 
Skylar noticed that when Jeremy saw Natalie, there was a hint of an authoritative and dark look in Jeremy’s eyes that made one feel a bit uneasy. 
She thought that Jeremy’s repeated trips to Fachington and his constant sending of Helena to Austin’s film set indicated that he was still unwilling to let go of Natalie. 
Moreover, Skylar felt Jeremy must have already noticed Austin’s feelings for Natalie. 
As they quickly made their way back to the hotel, Natalie remained silent. Once they reached their room, she finally spoke up when she saw Skylar’s concerned look. 
Chapur 967 
“The call I received this morning during breakfast at the mansion was from Jeremy. He wants to talk to me. I don’t understand him at all. I have no idea what he’s thinking.” 
Skylar asked, “Did he ever mention his relationship with Helena?” 
Natalie shook her head. “I never asked him directly about his relationship with Helena. But seeing them together at the mall and traveling abroad, it’s obvious what their relationship must be.” 
Skylar pondered this for a moment. 
Natalie continued, “Now he’s being ambiguous with Helena while relentlessly pursuing me. It’s like I don’t even recognize him anymore. It feels like the Jeremy I thought I knew for all these years was just a fa?ade.” 
Natalie felt a deep sadness whenever she thought about how the relationship she had invested in for over a decade might have been a fa?ade. 
Just as Skylar was about to respond, there was a knock at the door.
###chapter967
 968
There was a knock at the door. Skylar frowned. 
Natalie’s expression changed as she went to check who it was. She had expected it to be Jeremy, but to her surprise, it was Helena. 
She turned to Skylar and said, “It’s Helena.” 
“Isn’t she supposed to be filming? Skylar checked the time. As she and Natalie returned to the hotel, 
Helena arrived before they could say more than a few words. This meant that Helena wasn’t filming and had returned with them. 
Natalie shook her head. ‘I’m not sure. Let’s see what she wants 
With that, she opened the door. 
“Ms. Jakeman, I’m sorry to disturb you. I asked the staff at the set and found out you’re staying in this hotel too. I was originally scheduled to shoot two scenes today, but there was a problem, and my scenes have been rescheduled to tomorrow,” Helena said gently. 
It seemed like an explanation for why she was at the set. 
Natalie was puzzled by Helena’s intention. Even though they were staying at the same hotel, Helena didn’t seem to need to come over and greet her. 
They were acquaintances but not quite friends. There didn’t seem to be any need for Helena to make a special effort for such a visit. 
Out of courtesy, Natalie replied, “I see.” 
Helena noticed Natalie’s lack of enthusiasm and smiled warmly. She said, “I don’t have many friends here. Someone even sent me a birthday cake today. Yes, it’s my birthday. Would you join me for a small birthday celebration, Ms. Jakeman?” 
“I might not be able to make it. I have friends here. But happy birthday! Natalie’s sight imitation faded. 
It turned out Helena just wanted to invite her to a birthday celebration. However, dining with someone she wasn’t very familiar with could be awkward, and she sometimes felt socially anxious. 
Helena seemed to anticipate Natalie’s refusal, so she turned her attention to Skylar, who was inside. “Ms. Sullivan is here too? Maybe both could join me. Celebrating alone in a foreign country is quite lonely.” 
“Isn’t Jeremy with you? Natalie asked impulsively. 
She immediately regretted the question. 
After knowing Jeremy for years, Natalie understood how busy he could get when work called. He might suddenly have had something come up, leaving him unable to spend Helene’s birthday with her. 
Helena replied with a hint of resignation, “Mr. Hughes has work. It came up unexpectedly.* 
At this point, it seemed difficult to refuse. 
Besides, it was hard to turn someone down when they were being so polite. From the moment Hellena knocked on the door, her attitude had been nothing but pleasant, 
Natalie turned to Skylar. “Shall we join Ms. Hart for her birthday celebration?” 
Skylar sighed inwardly. Natalie was truly kind–hearted, agreeing to celebrate the birthday of her ex- husband’s current partner. Even in fiction, something like this was rarely written. 
However, Helena’s friendly approach made it difficult to refuse, so Skylar nodded. 
Helena’s room was upstairs. It had been decorated extensively, giving off a strong birthday vibe. 
A uniquely designed birthday cake was prominently displayed in the center. Birthday celebrations couldn’t be faked, especially for a celebrity like Helena, whose details could easily be found online. 
After singing the birthday song, Helena closed her eyes to make a wish before cutting the cake. 
Skylar and Natalie each took a slice. They had eaten a lot at dinner and were nearly full, but they managed a few bites of the cake. 
Afterward, Helena brought them over to the balcony to look outside. It was already night, and the sky had 
turned dark. 
###chapter968
 969
Under the streetlights, pedestrians chatted quietly. 
“I never imagined that one day I would be filming in Fachington. It feels like a dream. Seven or eight years ago, I’d wished to become an award–winning actress. 
“I haven’t achieved that yet, but I know it’s not the right time. I still need to keep growing and improving,” Helena said. 
She held a glass of red wine in her hand, looking like she had something on her mind. However, she maintained a smile as she chatted with Skylar and Natalie. 
Skylar smiled and said, “Then I hope your wish comes true someday.” 
“Thank you.” 
Natalie added, “Your acting skills are evident. That day is not far off.” 
Natalie genuinely believed in Helena’s potential. Helena had both the looks and the acting skills. With her current popularity, as long as she continued to hone her craft, becoming an award–winning actress seemed inevitable. 
With Jeremy supporting her now, it would likely happen soon. Helena looked thoughtfully at Natalie. If it were anyone else, she might have seen it as flattery. 
But looking at Natalie now, it was clear that she genuinely wished Helena well. Despite knowing Helena’s connection with Jeremy, Natalie remained sincere in her wishes. 
Suddenly, Helena realized why Jeremy struggled to let Natalie go. It wasn’t that Helena wasn’t good enough; it was because she had qualities that drew people to her. 
“Thank you,” Helena said. 
After she finished speaking, the doorbell rang. Hearing it, she pressed her lips together. 
It seemed that her role as a mere supporting character might be ending. 
“I’ll get the door,” Helena said. 
As Helena walked toward the door, she thought about how her current envy wasn’t of the glamorous. actress in the spotlight but rather of Natalie, who was behind her. 
Clearly, only Natalie could make Jeremy go to such lengths to see her. 
When the door opened, Jeremy appeared. He looked inside and saw Natalie and Skylar, who were just. coming in from the balcony. 
They had just set down their half–eaten cake and were preparing to leave, but Jeremy was standing at the 
door. 
Jeremy’s gaze swept past Helena and landed directly on Natalie. Noticing the cake on Natalie’s lips, a slight smile appeared on his face. 
He knew Natalie had a sweet tooth, and it wasn’t unusual for her to get some on her face when she was enjoying it. 
“Have you finished your work?” Helena asked, remembering what she was supposed to say. 
Although she felt a bit uncomfortable being ignored by Jeremy, she took it in stride and quickly adapted. 
“Yes, I’m done,” Jeremy replied, stepping inside. 
He then turned to Skylar. “I saw Joe earlier. He’ll come by to pick you up when he’s done with his work.” 
“Pick me up?” Skylar was surprised and checked her phone. Indeed, Joe had texted her on WhatsApp about half an hour ago, saying he would come by in the evening. 
Jeremy then turned to Natalie. “We need to talk later.” 
Natalie tightened her grip on her hands. There was no avoiding this conversation. They indeed needed to have it. “Okay.” 
Skylar was concerned for Natalie and said, “Nath, why don’t you help me pack up first?” 
Natalie nodded and followed Skylar out of Helena’s room. After they left, Helena looked at Jeremy with a sweet smile. “Would you like a piece of cake, Mr. Hughes?” 
Jeremy glanced at the cake but declined. “No, thank you. You should enjoy your rest.” 
As Jeremy was about to leave, Helena spoke up again. “Mr. Hughes, is there really no chance for us?” Jeremy paused at the door. He turned back to her, and his gaze remained as cold as ever. “No.” 
###chapter969
 970
Skylar didn’t start packing immediately after returning to the room. There wasn’t much to pack anyway. Her suitcase had only been opened to take out her pajamas and skincare products, so it would be simple enough to just put them back in. 
Natalie looked unwell. After entering, she sat down directly. 
Skylar said, “I’ll stay and keep you company.” 
Natalie shook her head. “If I avoid it this time, there will be another time. Jeremy has returned to Fachington. He must want to have a thorough conversation with me. I don’t want to keep dragging this out. If he has any doubts or thoughts, he should make them clear today.” 
She had thought divorce would be the end of everything, but she hadn’t expected divorce to mean the beginning of something. 
Skylar nodded. Considering Jeremy’s concern for Natalie, he wouldn’t hurt her. Besides, they were at the hotel. 
About ten minutes passed, and Joe called. 
“Wait a few minutes, I’ll be downstairs soon.” 
“No rush.” 
Natalie escorted Skylar downstairs. 
When they met Joe, Natalie couldn’t help but complain, “Mr. Martin, you’ve only been apart from Skye for a day, and you’re already missing her? I was hoping to spend another night with her, but
here you are, coming to take her away right away.” 
Joe directly admitted it, his gaze falling on Skylar and not shifting away. “I really do miss her.” 
Natalie was momentarily speechless. She hadn’t expected him to admit it so readily. 
Skylar blushed when she heard his words. Joe’s tone made it hard to tell if he was serious, as his words always carried a mix of truth and humor. If she didn’t know better, she might have believed he couldn’t stand apart from her. 
“I’m heading out. Let’s catch up in the next few days if we have time. Take care of yourself,” Skylar said, turning to Natalie. 
“Don’t worry. I’ll never let myself suffer. It’s already past 10:00 pm. You should go back to the hotel and get some rest with Mr. Martin,” Natalie replied with a wave. 
As Joe’s car disappeared into the distance, Natalie lingered for a moment before heading back inside. 
She glanced at the time. It was getting late, and she wondered if Austin’s event had wrapped up by now. Just as she was about to call Hank for an update, Jeremy appeared before her. 
“Are we going to your room or mine?” he asked. 
Natalie thought for a moment. “Let’s go to my room.” 
They headed toward the elevator. As they were entering, Austin and Hank happened to arrive at the hotel. They saw Natalie and Jeremy getting into the elevator 
Hank frowned and said, “Someone from the crew mentioned that Jeremy and Helena are back today. Also, the director has added two more scenes for Helena, which will be with your character.
They’re scheduled to shoot tomorrow.” 
Jeremy had barely been gone for two days before returning, so Hank could easily guess who had brought him back, It was clear he was here for Natalie. 
Hank then glanced at Jeremy, who had a neutral expression. However, after working with him for many years, Hank could tell Austin was annoyed. 
“Should I call Natalie and have her come find us? I can come up with some excuse,” Hank offered. As they were discussing this, they reached the elevator. It had already stopped on the ninth floor. 
###chapter970
 971
Austin and Hank were also staying on the ninth floor. Austin waved off the suggestion and said, “She wouldn’t go back to someone she’s already left.” 
“Go back?” Hank paused and nodded vigorously. “Yes, Natalie’s not the type to change her decisions. If she were, she would have reconciled with Jeremy when he first came to Fachington.” 
Back in the room, Natalie was the first to speak as she looked at Jeremy. 
“We’ve talked a few times, but we haven’t resolved anything. Jeremy, we can’t 
continue like this.” 
Jeremy glanced around the room, noting that there were no signs of another man staying there. It seemed that Austin hadn’t taken things further with 
Natalie. 
Hearing Natalie’s words, Jeremy’s expression darkened. He sat down on the single couch and then turned to face her 
“We indeed can’t continue like this. My relationship with Helena isn’t what you think. She signed with my company’s film division, and we were just on a business trip together. 
“You’ve completely misunderstood the nature of my relationship with her. If this were before, you would definitely question me.” 
Natalie bit her lip as she said, “You’re right, that was before. Back then, I was your girlfriend or your wife. If you had another woman around, I would question you. But now that we’re divorced, who
you’re with is no longer my concern.” 
When he heard “no longer my concern“, Jeremy’s eye’s suddenly darkened with intensity. “Now I can tell you that it does matter. I came here to say that we need to remarry.” 
“Remarry? Jeremy, are you joking? I’ve never said I wanted to remarry you, nor have I ever agreed to it.” Natalie looked at him in shock. 
She wondered how he could be so brazen as to talk about remarrying. It was incredibly overbearing and presumptuous. 
Jeremy’s face grew even darker as he stood up. He was a head taller than Natalie, and as he looked down at her, the scene of pressure was palpable. 
Under his gaze, Natalie found it hard to breathe and took a large step back. 
“Do you remember what I told you last time? Divorce was just a temporary measure to give you time to realize that you are meant to be my wife for life.” Jeremy’s voice was deep and serious. 
It was clear to anyone how Jeremy felt about Natalie now. 
“After our divorce, my grandfather arranged another marriage for me, but I turned it down. I told them our divorce was temporary and that we would remarry soon. Even my parents and your parents know about my decision. Natalie, you’ve had enough time away. It’s time to come back.” 
Natalie’s eyes reddened as she listened. “What do you need me to say for you to understand? Our divorce was not a temporary fix. We are truly divorced now. When we went through with the divorce, I made it clear that I would never remarry you.” 
She took a deep breath before continuing, “I don’t care what you or your family say, but it doesn’t work for me. I cannot forgive your infidelity, nor can I overlook the blemish in our relationship. Jeremy, our marriage is officially over, and it’s time to close the chapter on our relationship. 
“I used to think that even if we couldn’t be spouses or lovers, we could still be friends or at least have a sibling–like bond. Now, I realize I was being too na?ve. From now on, it’s best if we never see each other again.” 
When Natalie finished speaking, she felt completely drained. Jeremy’s face turned ashen. “Natalie!” 
She was startled by his tone and took another large step back. 
“Have you fallen for someone else?” Jeremy demanded, closing the distance between them. 
Natalie was stunned, then frowned. “We just got divorced, and I haven’t had time to move on to someone else. Jeremy, don’t think so poorly of me. We can’t remarry because of the issues between us.” 
###chapter971
 972
Natalie couldn’t understand why Jeremy couldn’t grasp her decision. 
Many people would open up their innermost thoughts in front of Jeremy, yet he couldn’t see her decision or the specific reasons behind the end of their marriage. 
“Our issues…” Jeremy’s expression grew colder and darker. 
Whatever the initial cause of what happened between him and Annabelle, it was clear that he was indeed wavering. Though Natalie was straightforward and innocent, it didn’t mean she was unaware of his past relationship with Anabelle. He knew this. 
But he had only cheated on her that one time. 1 
“It won’t happen again. Nath, it’s time to come home,” Jeremy said in a deep, 
resonant voice. 
At the mention of “home“, Natalie’s tears flowed freely. “Our home is gone, Jeremy. I admit I may be petty, but our relationship ended the day we divorced.” 
She knew exactly who she was and who Jeremy was, so their relationship couldn’t be repaired. Jeremy’s body tensed, his features sharpening with 
intensity. The room fell into a heavy silence. 
Suddenly, Jeremy took a step closer to Natalie. The room, already small, now felt even tighter. There was only a single step between them. 
Natalie could hear his breathing. He was angry. 
Wiping her tears away, Natalie looked at Jeremy with red eyes and took 
11 
another step back. She increased their distance and said, “We need to move on. 
At that moment, she was more certain than ever that their relationship was confined to the past, with no future left. 
The past between Jeremy and Annabelle wasn’t the only barrier. Natalie also had her own understanding of the old Jeremy. 
Since their marriage, Jeremy had gradually changed, and she no longer 
recognized him. And she had changed as well. 
So, they were both different now. The end of their marriage was due to both Jeremy and her. 
Jeremy lowered his gaze to Natalie. “We need to move forward. Everything that happened in the past can be forgotten. Let’s start fresh now.” 
Natalie started crying again. “Jeremy, can you please stop this? I really don’t know how to face you anymore.” 
Jeremy reached out to wipe Natalie’s tears. Natalie suddenly took a step back. Jeremy’s hand froze in mid–air. 
At that moment, a knock came at the door. 
A deep, gentle voice followed. “Is anyone there?” 
The simple words revealed the identity of the visitor. 
It was Austin. 
Jeremy’s expression darkened instantly, and his demeanor became menacing. Natalie glanced at him quickly before rushing to open the door. “Mr. Powell, I’m 
here.” 
As the door opened, Austin’s face appeared. He glanced inside with a neutral expression and spotted Jeremy. 
Jeremy also looked at Austin. 
Their gazes met, and the atmosphere immediately became tense. 
Natalie regretted opening the door. She had been crying, and her eyes were still red. She had let Austin see her in such a state, and Jeremy was still there. 
“Mr. Powell, is there something you need? I have… a friend here,” Natalie said, taking a deep breath. 
Austin looked away and turned his gaze toward Natalie. Noticing her red, swollen eyes, he frowned slightly and said, “There’s an event at the studio tonight. Do you want to come?” 
Natalie hesitated for a moment, thinking about the unresolved situation with Jeremy. She nodded quickly and said, “Yes, I’ll come. I’ll just get ready and head over.” 
“Okay, I’ll wait for you, and then we can head over together,” Austin said. He had no intention of leaving. Instead, he stood by the door. 
Jeremy was visibly irritated by this. He glared at Austin with anger. 
Austin seemed oblivious to Jeremy’s hostility and simply leaned against the side of the door! 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>> 
###chapter972
 973
Natalie was surprised by Austin’s behavior but didn’t think too much of it. He was probably just concerned that Jeremy might be giving her a hard time. 
Both Austin and Hank were aware of her complicated relationship with Jeremy. 
Turning back to her room, she glanced at Jeremy and said, “I think we’re done here. My colleagues from the studio have organized an event, and I need to attend.” 
With that, she grabbed her phone from the table and made it as if to leave. Jeremy’s expression darkened further, and he grabbed her wrist. 
Natalie yanked her arm away sharply. But after doing so, she realized she had overreacted. She looked at Jeremy apologetically and asked, “Do you need anything else?” 
Hearing Natalie’s somewhat unfamiliar inquiry, Jeremy felt a sharp pain in his chest, as if someone had a tight grip on his heart. He also noticed Austin watching him, seemingly guarding against any trouble he might cause Natalie. It was laughable. 
“No,” he said coldly before striding out of the room. 
When he reached the door, he paused for a moment. He exchanged a 
meaningful look with Austin from close range. 
That glance was a silent exchange only they understood. By the time Natalie walked out, Jeremy had already left, striding away. 
Once Jeremy was in the elevator, Austin asked Natalie, “Did he give you trouble?” 
Natalie hesitated before replying, “No, we just discussed a few things.” 
Austin glanced at Natalie’s still red and swollen eyes but chose not to ask any further questions. 
After Skylar got in, Joe took a phone call that lasted over half an hour inside the car. Skylar gazed out the window, watching the passing scenery. 
But as she kept looking at the nighttime scenery, she started to feel drowsy. Just as she was about to close her eyes and sleep, Joe ended the call. 
‘Are you tired?” he asked. 
Skylar, already feeling sleepy, nodded weakly. 
“Lean on me and rest,” Joe offered, gesturing for her to come closer. 
Just as Skylar was about to do so, Joe’s phone rang again. The clear ringtone instantly banished her sleepiness. 
Joe was surprised by the second call. He frowned slightly and appeared displeased. 
“Go ahead and take the call,” Skylar said. She decided to wait until they reached the hotel before sleeping. 
When Joe saw the incoming call, he paused momentarily and answered it after a brief hesitation. The caller likely asked if he was available later. 
Joe responded coolly, “I don’t have time right now… Let’s see how things are when I return to Jipsburg.” 
After a brief conversation, Joe ended the call. He then turned off his phone and set it aside. He looked at Skylar. 
Noting that she was still gazing out the window, he asked, “Did you enjoy yourself these past few days?” 
Skylar pulled her gaze away from the window. “Yes, I had a good time.” 
“Is something bothering you?” 
“No, I’m just tired.” 
Skylar recalled the Instagram post she had seen earlier from Vera. In it, Vera hinted that this time, she would take the initiative. 
She mentioned that, after all these years, the person who accompanied her to Fachington was someone she had not valued before. Now she realized that the person from the beginning was actually the one she wanted to spend her life with. 
They soon arrived at the hotel. As Skylar looked up while entering, she noticed 
that nearly every room had a balcony. 
Some people stood on balconies, enjoying drinks and the night view. It was quite a coincidence. 
###chapter973
 974
As Skylar entered the hotel, she happened to make eye contact with Vera, who was looking down at the street. 
In a red spaghetti–strap gown with long, wavy hair, Vera exuded a captivating charm. Her beauty looked almost surreal under the night sky. 
As she glanced toward the roadside, there seemed to be a hint of confusion in her eyes. 
When Vera’s gaze met Skylar’s, it was clear she was surprised. Skylar quickly looked away, but Vera continued to stare at Skylar and Joe. 
Joe escorted Skylar into the hotel after they got out of the car. His gentle, protective demeanor sparked a pang of jealousy in her heart. 
“Skylar really knows how to act!” Vera thought bitterly. Despite seeing her and knowing that Skylar had seen her Instagram posts, Skylar managed to appear as though she hadn’t noticed anything. 
She behaved intimately with Joe right before her, which was infuriating. 
Vera had just called Joe, only to have him refuse to meet her. Through some cunning method of charming him, Skylar had managed to secure a favorable position that unexpectedly left Vera, who should have been proactive, in a surprisingly passive role. 
Thankfully, Vera had prepared for this, but Joe’s refusal still caught her off guard. 
She had made her Instagram posts visible only to Joe and Skylar, keeping it private from others. She wanted to maintain some dignity and avoid letting people see how she had lowered herself for Joe. 
Additionally, she didn’t want others to think she was inferior to Skylar. 
After Joe and Skylar entered their suite, Skylar put her things down and went to take a shower. 
Despite initially feeling sleepy, Skylar found herself wide awake once she was 
in the shower. However, her mind kept drifting back to the image of Vera looking down at her. 
Vera had approached Joe so boldly. 
After finishing her shower, Skylar emerge to find Joe on the phone. 
Since he had picked her up, Joe had been quite busy. When Joe glanced at her, his gaze lingered momentarily, showing a hint of deep thought. 
Skylar quickly dried her hair with the hair dryer, leaving it slightly damp. After glancing at Joe, she went to the mirror to fix her hair. 
Lost in thought, she became somewhat distracted. 
She didn’t notice when Joe came up behind her. He carried a towel and gently began drying her hair. 
“Why didn’t you dry your hair completely?” he asked. 
“I heard that drying it fully might not be good for the scalp and could cause hair loss,” she replied. 
Joe saw that Skylar’s hair was dark and silky, and he seemed reluctant to stop as he enjoyed helping her dry it. “Let me help you dry your hair,” he said. 
Feeling a bit tired after the shower, Skylar didn’t refuse and let Joe continue. Moreover, his touch was gentle and just right, making her feel quite 
comfortable and content. 
“What were you thinking about earlier?” Joe suddenly asked. 
Skylar smiled and replied, “Nothing much, just a bit tired. Are we still taking wedding photos tomorrow?” 
“Don’t you want to take the photos?” Joe asked. His hands paused, and his tone was cold. 
“No, it’s fine,” Skylar replied. 
Joe’s tone softened. “We’re scheduled for the shoot at 2:00 pm tomorrow. Get some rest in the morning and be ready for makeup.” 
Skylar nodded, realizing she had been overthinking. She decided to trust Joe. 
The two lay in bed that night, holding each other but doing nothing more. It took them a while to fall asleep. 
Though they didn’t speak, both felt the other’s preoccupation. 
After what felt like a long time, Skylar drifted into a light sleep. Joe quietly withdrew his hand and then carefully got out of bed. 
Skylar immediately woke up but stayed still. 
A few minutes later, Joe dressed and left the room. 
eves. 
As the door clicked shut, Skylar opened her eyes. All the sleepiness she had felt before vanished in that moment. 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
###chapter974
 975
It was no surprise that Joe was likely meeting with Vera. Skylar gave a soft, self -deprecating laugh and closed her eyes again. 
It might be best to cancel tomorrow’s wedding photo shoot. She gathered her thoughts and quickly fell asleep. 
After leaving the room, Joe went to the hotel rooftop. The wind was a bit strong up there. He lit a cigarette and took slow drags, watching the smoke drift away with the evening breeze. 
About ten minutes later, he made a call to someone in Jipsburg. “Do you know what Aiken has been up to lately?” 
“Aiken? He seems to be out of Jispsburg at the moment. He’s been abroad for the past couple of days. Someone asked him for a favor, but he postponed it until about ten days later. I’m not sure which country he’s in right now.” 
Joe was silent for a few minutes, taking a deep drag on his cigarette. “Are you sure?” 
“Absolutely. Are you looking for Aiken for something, Mr. Martin?” 
Joe smirked slightly. “It’s nothing.” 
He slipped the phone into his pocket. 
Suddenly, he heard some noise behind him. He glanced back, and his eyes darkened when he saw the person. 
“Joe? What… What are you doing here? What a coincidence,” Vera said. 
Vera was visibly surprised when she saw Joe. She hadn’t intended to run into Joe. She had assumed he and Skylar were already resting. 
Tonight, she felt especially disoriented and restless. The thought of Skylar and Joe lying together made her uneasy. 
Joe shouldn’t be swayed by Skylar’s influence. 
Feeling frustrated at the lack of opportunity to see Joe alone because of 
Skylar’s presence, she found this unexpected meeting almost serendipitous. 
It seemed fate was on her side, reinforcing the notion that she and Joe were meant to be together. 
“What are you doing here?” Joe asked, taking a drag from his cigarette. 
Noticing Joe’s somber expression, which suggested he was in a bad mood, Vera raised an eyebrow. She thought he must be upset with Skylar. 
Given the significant differences between them and their differing values, it was normal for them to have conflicts over time. Such a relationship wouldn’t last long. 
Ultimately, she believed she was the one most suited for Joe. They were clearly meant to be together. 
“Since I arrived here, I’ve been having insomnia. It reminds me of a few years ago when we stayed at the same hotel. Back then, we also happened to meet unexpectedly. 
“Despite not knowing each other’s plans, we ended up at the same hotel in a foreign country and found ourselves in the same place. Thinking about it, it’s hard not to feel a bit nostalgic.” Vera said
softly, her voice carrying a hint of sadness as she reflected on their shared past. 
Nostalgia and yearning often accompanied thoughts of the past. 
Joe simply nodded and didn’t say anything more. 
Vera bit her lip, feeling that Joe had become even more inscrutable after a few years. He had always been good at hiding his thoughts, but now he was even more difficult to read. Not only was he hard to understand, but he also evoked 
a sense of unease. 
One thing she was sure of was that he was in a very bad mood. He probably didn’t pay much attention to what she had just said. 
Vera glanced at the ring she wore on her finger, which she had put on before flying out from Jipsburg. 
It was a gift from Molly, who had advised her to remove it whenever Skylar was around. 
She moved in closer to Joe. Her gaze was drawn to his long fingers holding 
the cigarette. 
His hands were even more striking than those of the male celebrity she had seen online, the one constantly promoting his perfect hands. In the soft glow of the night, it was all too easy for her imagination to run wild. 
She reached out and took his hand. “Can we go back to the past?” 
###chapter975
 976
After Vera finished speaking, she looked at Joe, hoping for a response. 
His fingers were long and well–defined. As she gripped his hand, the sensation traveling from her fingers made her heart flutter. 
Suddenly, Joe yanked his hand away. 
His voice turned icy as he said, “People need to look forward.” 
7 
Vera was stunned. Her face went pale. Joe’s words and actions felt like a slap in the face, taking her by surprise and wounding her pride. 
She looked down at the ring on her fingers and then raised her hand to gently touch it. The sense of confusion and panic she felt began to calm. 
“Yeah, people do need to move forward. Some things happened and existed. They can only be treated as the past, but they can’t be forgotten,” Vera said with a self–deprecating smile. 
Under the evening breeze and dim light, she seemed to be feeling a profound 
sense of fragmentation. 
Seeing this, Joe furrowed his brows and glanced at Vera. For some reason, his previously agitated mood suddenly calmed. He even thought about the past 
years. 
He wasn’t as strategic or commanding back then as he was now, and there were moments when he felt adrift. 
“Why the sudden decision to return to Jipsburg?” he asked. 
Vera’s eyes lit up with surprise. She noticed Joe’s sudden change in attitude. 
They had met several times since her return, but Joe had always been indifferent to her presence. He showed no interest in her return. But now, he was asking about it. 
Looking down at her ring with joy, she suddenly realized she should have asked Molly for help earlier. 
“Maybe I just realized that someone is waiting for me in Jipsburg, and I can’t waste time staying abroad any longer.” 
Joe paused his smoking. He fell silent. 
Seeing Joe’s silence, Vera felt a pang of disappointment but tried to stay calm. She looked at Joe and asked, “Do you like Skylar?” 
After asking, she held her breath nervously. 
Suddenly, she realized she was afraid of Joe’s response. 
Joe finished his cigarette and snuffed it out in the ashtray beside him. He didn’t respond to Vera. Instead, he said coldly, “It’s getting late. I’m heading back to my room.” 
Joe left immediately after he finished speaking. By the time Vera processed what had happened, Joe was already far away. 
She bit her lip in frustration. But then she reconsidered; there was no need to be upset. The fact that he didn’t answer meant that Joe probably didn’t like Skylar. 
Just as she thought, Joe’s closeness to Skylar was likely due to some underhanded methods Skylar used. But in front of her, Joe had revealed his true thoughts because he hadn’t been further influenced by Skylar due to the 
ring. 
Vera was even more convinced that flying ten hours to Fachington was the right decision. She wouldn’t let Skylar take Joe away. 
The next day, neither of them made a point to wake up early. They slept in until they woke up naturally. 
After breakfast, Skylar went with Joe to the location for the wedding photoshoot. Once they arrived, she began choosing her wedding dress. 
Before coming to Fachington, the shop’s designer had already sent Skylar pictures of several wedding dresses. 
However, it was hard to tell from the photos which ones she liked the most, so she picked a few to try on in person before making the final decision at the location. 
Joe’s physique was as impressive as that of a male model. His tailored suit fit 
him perfectly, and the designer’s vision came to life with Joe showcasing it to perfection. 
While the makeup artist worked on Skylar, they couldn’t stop complimenting her flawless skin and striking features. 
When it was time for the shoot, Skylar and Joe stood together in front of the castle. They looked every bit like a prince and princess. 
After the first picture was taken, the photographer, Mike Salazar, showed them the result. 
He said, “You two don’t even need any retouching. The photos are perfect as they are.” 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>> 
###chapter976
 977
Skylar listened to Mike’s praise, her eyes locked on the photos of her and Joe. 
They gazed at each other from a distance, as if there was no room for anyone else in their eyes. Their gazes were filled with tenderness and affection. 
Skylar’s heart fluttered slightly. 
Joe was just as mesmerized. He couldn’t help but reach for her hand, intertwining their fingers with a lingering warmth. 
“You look stunning,” he whispered into her ear. 
The thought that Skylar was his woman made his heart stir with pride. 
Skylar glanced at him and said, “You look handsome too.” 
Mike, standing nearby, noticed the couple whispering and exchanging affectionate glances. He thought, “I’m getting more than enough of their lovey- dovey show today.” 
If every couple had this level of chemistry and looked this good, his job would be a breeze. 
The first set of photos was taken smoothly. Joe turned to Mike and asked him to send over a few shots. 
Mike replied, “These are still the raw photos, no filters or adjustments yet. Do you mind, Mr. Martin?” 
Joe shrugged. “It’s fine, just send me the first one and the last two.” 
“Sure.” 
As they prepared for the second set of photos, Skylar emerged after changing into a new outfit. She noticed Joe fiddling with his phone. Thinking he was busy, she didn’t want to disturb him. 
However, just as he put his phone away, Skylar caught a glimpse of his screen. To her surprise, he had set one of their wedding photos as his wallpaper. 
“You set our wedding photo as your wallpaper?” she asked. 
Joe nodded. “Is that a problem?” 
Skylar initially wanted to ask if he wasn’t afraid of people seeing it, but she swallowed the question. His willingness to make their wedding photos his wallpaper showed how much he valued their marriage. 
Instead, she smiled and said, “Se that photo to me too.” 
Joe raised an eyebrow. “You want to set it as your wallpaper too?” 
His eyes softened as he looked down at Skylar, a smile tugging at his lips. There was a hint of affection in his eyes he wasn’t even aware of. 
“Want to see me all the time, even when I’m not around?” 
Skylar blushed slightly at his question but quickly refuted Joe’s self–adoration and said, “I’m sending it to Grandma, so she can see.” 
Joe chuckled and said, “You’re too shy to admit you’ll miss me, but that’s alright -I’ll send it to you.” 
When he forwarded the photo, he added, “I already sent it to Grandma. You don’t have to. You might as well set it as your wallpaper now.” 
Skylar was speechless at Joe’s narcissism, but she had to admit the photos were stunning. They were almost too perfect, and it nearly didn’t seem real, like something from a celebrity photo shoot. 
Without much thought, she set the photo as her wallpaper. 
At Pearlhall Residence, Gloria was beaming as she admired the wedding photo Joe had sent her. She couldn’t stop smiling. 
She proudly showed it to Edgar. 
“Look at this! Not only did these two go on their honeymoon, but they also took wedding photos. Aren’t these just beautiful? I’ve never seen wedding photos this gorgeous.” 
Edgar was equally impressed. “Only they could make wedding photos look this good. They look even better than movie stars.” 
Gloria nodded enthusiastically. “Exactly Once they return, I’ll have them take another set in a traditional style. It’ll be even more breathtaking.” 
“That’s a brilliant idea, Mrs. Martin Senior!” Edgar agreed. 
By the time they reached the third outfit, Skylar was starting to feel tired. 
Her feet were sore from the high heels, and Joe noticed. He immediately called for a break and took her aside to rest. 
Just then, Joe’s phone rang. His face darkened as he listened. “I’ll be there right away.” 
###chapter977
 978
After hanging up the phone, Joe looked at Skylar. “We’ll finish the wedding photos tomorrow. I have something urgent to handle now.” 
He didn’t have time to say more before leaving. 
There were still three outfits left to shoot, but the session had to be paused for 
now. 
The entire photography team was at a loss about the sudden situation. 
However, since Joe had paid a large sum of money, they had no choice but to delay the shoot. 
Once Skylar came to her senses, she changed out of her elaborate outfit and removed her makeup. Skylar quickly realized that Joe’s hasty departure likely indicated some issues with the work he had been handling in Fachington over the past few days. 
After finishing up, she planned to head back to the hotel. Checking the time, she realized it was almost time for dinner. 
Hence, she instructed the driver to stop at a restaurant. It was a Floan 
restaurant. 
She ordered a simple plate of carbonara spaghetti and a side of salad and took out her phone while waiting. 
She started a casual chat with Natalie. 
“Skye, did you finish your wedding photos?” Natalie asked. 
Skylar replied, “Not yet. Joe had to leave suddenly due to an urgent matter, so we’ll finish the remaining outfits tomorrow.” 
Natalie responded, “Joe must be a really busy guy. Splitting it into two days isn’t too bad. You’ve got over ten days for this trip, so it would be exhausting to finish in one day.” 
Skylar agreed. “You’re right.” 
Natalie continued, “Mr. Powell only had two scenes today and finished early so we went out for dinner. We found 
ingredients are airlifted from Jipsburg. I’m so craving it. I’m going to feast tonight and make up for a few pounds I’ve lost.” 
She then sent a photo of a vibrant, cheesy fondue. 
It was incredibly tempting for someone like Skylar, who also loved fondue. The sight made her mouth water, and she was already salivating. “That looks so delicious.” 
Natalie replied, “It’s not even boiling yet, but it looks promising. I can’t help but drool already.” 
“My carbonara spaghetti is ready too.‘ 
Skylar put down her phone and started eating the carbonara spaghetti with serious intent. 
The carbonara spaghetti didn’t taste good. It seemed like the spaghetti wasn’t cooked properly and lacked flavor. After a few bites, Skylar couldn’t eat 
anymore. 
Since the hotel was nearby, she decided not to have the driver take her back. Instead, she strolled back slowly on foot. Along the way, she bought some pastries because she was still hungry. 
When she got back to the hotel, Steven called her from an international 
number. They chatted briefly. After finishing her call with Steven, Skylar took a glance at her Instagram. 
Vera’s latest post showed her in a hospital bed with an IV drip, and a man’s back was visible in the photo. 
The man was dressed casually, leaning against the window and looking outside. Skylar recognized the outfit as Joe’s from earlier that day. 
Moreover, after spending time with him, she had become quite familiar with his back. 
It only took one look for her to identify Joe. It seemed that his hasty departure was related to Vera. 
Skylar stared at her phone, her mind blank for a while. 
… 
In the fondue restaurant, steam was rising everywhere. The room was filled with the rich, mouth– watering aroma of melted cheese. 
Everyone was enjoying the meal enthusiastically, clearly having been craving it for some time. 
Natalie, who had no self–control, kept eating until her stomach was full. Even Austin, who was usually very disciplined, indulged significantly today. 
“I wish we could come here every day during our time in Fachington, ” one colleague sighed, expressing their desire. 
Natalie raised her hand. “I agree.” 
“I agree too,” several others chimed in, raising their hands as well. 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
###chapter978
 979
Under the eager gazes of several colleagues, Austin said, “I approve.” 
“You all want to eat it every day? You’ll end up with blisters in your mouth,” Hank said to the group. 
Hearing his words, they all burst into laughter. 
Fondue was delicious, but it wasn’t something one could eat daily. No matter how wealthy someone was, they wouldn’t eat fondue daily. 
Natalie, who had already eaten too much, couldn’t stop laughing. The laughter made her stomach hurt. “I need to go to the restroom,” she said. 
Then, she hurriedly ran out of the private room. 
After reaching the restroom, Natalie felt somewhat better. She figured she had eaten too quickly, and the fondue had been too decadent that her stomach 
couldn’t handle. 
When she left the restroom, her legs still felt weak. Her stomach pain had worsened. She leaned against the wall, trying to bear it. 
“Are you okay?” A gentle voice came from above her. 
She winced slightly and looked up at Austin. “My stomach hurts a little. Probably nothing serious. I think I just ate too much earlier. I’ll be fine if I stand 
here for a moment.” 
Austin’s eyes darkened as he noticed her pale face and sweat on her forehead. His voice grew more urgent. “I’m taking you to the hospital.” 
“Huh? No, that’s not necessary. I’m sure it’s nothing. Everyone’s having such a good time, and if I suddenly leave…” 
Before she could finish her sentence, Austin scooped her up in his arms. Natalie’s eyes widened in shock, her expression frozen. 
For a moment, everything in front of her seemed like a blur. By the time they reached the car, her pain had intensified, 
Natalie didn’t have time to marvel at how strong Austin was. He effortlessly carried her from the restaurant to the car, not even seeming to break a sweat. 
His stamina was impressive. 
“Mr. Powell is incredible,” she thought briefly. 
“Mr. Powell, I can go to the hospital by myself. I don’t want to disturb your gathering with the team,” Natalie said, feeling guilty for causing trouble. 
“Austin glanced at her and said, “They can continue with their gathering.” 
“How are you feeling now? Is the pain worse?” he asked. 
Perhaps it was his gentle tone, but Natalie felt a pang of emotion as she curled up in pain. Being sick made her feel a bit melodramatic. 
At that moment, she could barely hold back the tears. “It hurts a bit,” she admitted, feeling a bit pathetic. 
She chided herself internally, worrying that Austin might fire her when they returned to Jipsburg if she continued to be so dramatic. 
“We’ll be at the hospital soon. Don’t worry.” Austin’s voice was softer now, with concern. His eyes seemed to be completely focused on her. 
filled 
“Okay,” Natalie replied, her vision blurring. She wondered why he was so kind to her. 
It made her want to cry even more. She was terrified of pain. 
In the past, she had experienced similar pain and had cried all the way to the hospital while clinging to Skylar. But now, though she wanted to cry, she held back. 
She didn’t want to scare Austin. After all, he was so considerate. Upon realizing she was in pain, he hadn’t hesitated to take her to the hospital. 
Austin noticed her red eyes and how she bit her lip to stifle the pain. Growing anxious, he looked at the driver and asked, “How much longer until we reach the hospital.” 
The driver checked the map and said, “We’ll be there after we pass the next two intersections.” 
“Go faster.” Austin urged. 
Natalie squeezed her eyes shut, trying to endure the pain. 
In a daze, she arrived at the hospital. Austin carried her all the way to see the doctor. Afterward, she was arranged for a series of tests. 
Hearing that her issue was simply due to overeating, Natalie felt incredibly embarrassed. She worried that she might never be able to face Austin again. 
After over an hour of taking some medication, the pain subsided significantly. 
Natalie suddenly saw a familiar figure as they were about to leave the hospital. She stopped in her tracks. 
Seeing her reaction, Austin paused and asked, “Are you still in pain?” 
###chapter979
 980
Natalie shook her head, her gaze fixed on the familiar figure in the distance. 
Joe hadn’t finished the wedding photos in the afternoon due to work commitments, so she wondered how he could be here now. 
Suddenly, her expression changed. The woman walking toward Joe was Verá. Natalie now realized that Vera had come to Fachington as well. 
shoot 
Joe must have canceled the wedding photo shoot this afternoon because of Vera. And now they were both at the hospital. It seemed that Vera was unwell. 
Natalie felt a pang of disbelief. Such scenarios were common in novels and TV dramas, but she never expected to witness one firsthand. 
She wondered what Joe truly thought of Skylar. 
Austin noticed Natalie’s face filled with frustration as she stared ahead, her teeth clenched. He followed her gaze and saw a man and a woman he didn’t recognize. 
“Do you know them?” he asked. 
“Yes, I do,” Natalie admitted. 
“Do you want to go say hello?” 
“Oh, no, that’s not necessary. We’re not really close, just acquainted.” Natalie quickly shook her head. Her concern was still with Skylar. 
This was truly unfair to Skylar. First, there was Christopher, and now Joe, who had betrayed her. She had thought Joe was trustworthy, but it turned out he was involved in something like this behind the scenes. 
Overcome with frustration, Natalie couldn’t help but mutter, “Men are all bad.” 
This comment was not loud enough for others to hear, but Austin was sure to catch it. 
Natalie’s face flushed red as she glanced at Austin, who looked astonished.” Mr. Powell, I didn’t mean it like that. Not all men are bad, but you’re a good person! You’re absolutely a good person. Really! 
“The two people who just left the hospital–they’re not a typical couple. I couldn’t help but comment. I definitely wasn’t referring to you, Mr. Powell.* 
She was feeling extremely embarrassed and frustrated. She often spoke without thinking and was now reretting it deeply. 
Natalie’s frequent slip–ups always seemed to cause trouble. 
Austin watched her with a mix of amusement and curiosity as her expression changed rapidly. Her face was a whirlwind of regret and self–reproach. 
He smiled, finding her reactions entertaining “How good do you think I am?* 
Natalie was caught off guard by the question. “How good?” 
“Mr. Powell, you gave me work when I needed it and have never been harsh with me. I know I haven’t performed perfectly in many areas, but you’ve never criticized me. Also, when my friends visited, not only did you give me time off, but you also invited us to your mansion. 
“Of course, your acting is incredibly impressive. I’m amazed by it every day. To me, no one in the world has better acting skills than you. It’s all true!” She nearly swore an oath to prove her sincerity. 
Austin’s gaze grew thoughtful, a deep, unreadable darkness in his eyes. 
Feeling a mix of nervousness and embarrassment, Natalie swallowed hard.” Do you not believe me?” 
“I believe you.” 
Austin believed it so much that he seemed to have a sudden realization. 
Austin’s eyes were dark, like an endless night, deep and intense. 
Natalie’s heartbeat quickened as Austin’s gaze grew darker and more intense. 
Natalie found Austin impressive. When he focused intently on someone, it could make that person feel completely overwhelmed., 
For a brief moment, she wondered if he had feelings for her. 
However, she was rational enough to dismiss the hought. There was no way Austin could be interested in her. He was likely just touched by her recent 
comments. 
After all, it was rare for employees to remember and appreciate their boss’s 
kindness, and it was understandable if that made Austin happy. 
Her thoughts often ran wild. 
On the way back to the hotel, Natalie quickly sent a message to Skylar. “Skye… are you asleep?” 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>> 
###chapter980
 981
After waiting for over ten minutes, Natalie finally received a response from Skylar. “Not asleep yet. Are you missing me?” 
Skylar had just finished showering and was standing on the balcony in her pajamas. She gazed at the beautiful moonlit night. 
There was even someone playing the violin across the street. The soft strains of the violin music drifted into her ears. 
Natalie reaching out to her at this hour must have meant something was on her mind. 
Skylar texted back, “How was the fondue?” 
Natalie replied, “It was delicious. I ate so much that my stomach hurt. I guess it’s been a while since I had it. Mr. Powell brought me to the hospital, but fortunately, everything’s fine now. We’re on our way back to the hotel. I promise not to overeat like that again.” 
Skylar frowned slightly. “How are you feeling now?” 
Natalie responded, “The pain is gone, but I’m still a bit weak. I’ll rest well once I get back to the hotel. By the way, I have some gossip to share. I saw two people with Clusian features at the hospital. They came to the hospital together, but they’re not a married couple. They’re having an affair. 
“As I was leaving, a mutual friend recognized them and angrily said that the man was no good. He even mentioned that his wife was so beautiful, yet he was still cheating on her. Don’t you think if his wife saw this, she’d be heartbroken?” 
Skylar’s face darkened as she read Natalie’s lengthy message, and she fell into deep thought. 
After a while, she finally replied, “It’s inevitable to feel hurt, but a cheating scumbag deserves only a few 
minutes of sadness.” 
Natalie held her phone tightly, anxiously waiting for Skylar’s response. When she finally received a reply, she sighed with relief. 
Skylar was right. Such a scumbag who cheated on his partner only deserved to be upset for a few minutes. Anything more would be unfair to oneself. 
In the span of just a few moments, Natalie’s expression shifted from deep worry to a sudden sense of liberation as she read Skylar’s message. 
Austin watched from the side, a faint smile playing on his lips. Then, he figured out how he wanted to 
handle things with her. 
20 minutes later, Austin and Natalie arrived back at the hotel. As they exited the elevator, Natalie was about to thank Austin and say goodnight when he said, “Let me walk you to your room.” 
Natalie blinked, unsure how to refuse. She simply nodded and said, “Thank you.” 
As she opened the door with her key card, Austin suddenly said, “Goodnight.” 
His voice was pleasantly seductive, and the two were standing very close. 
Natalie froze, her heart pounding uncontrollably. 
“Goodnight, Mr. Powell,” she said and nodded dazedly. Her hand trembled as she closed the door. 
Only after the door was shut did she realize what had just happened. 
Natalie felt that Austin had acted strangely that night. Even a casual comment or glance from him made 
her heart race. 
She wondered why he seemed more captivating than the character he was currently playing. It was as if just one look from him could leave her feeling completely unsettled. 
She quickly shook off the thought. It must be her stomachache making her hallucinate. 
Just as she was about to undress and shower, she heard a knock on the door. 
She wondered if it could be Austin. She hurriedly opened the door. 
The name “Mr. Powell” slipped out without thinking, but she didn’t finish the rest of her question. Standing at the door wasn’t Austin at all–it was Jeremy. 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter981
 982
Jeremy’s face was ashen. His gaze was cold and intense as he stared at Natalie. 
The way she had called out “Mr. Powell” felt like a knife cutting sharply through the air. 
He had just seen Austin escort Natalie to her room. The two lingered at the door, saying goodbye with reluctance. 
He would never believe it if anyone said nothing was going on between them. The thought of Natalie falling for someone else caused him sharp, tearing pain in his chest. 
Natalie asked, “Do you need something from me?” 
She was taken aback. She wondered why Jeremy was there again. They had already clarified their situation yesterday. With Helena’s scenes wrapped up this morning, they shouldn’t need to stay at this hotel anymore. 
After all, the hotel wasn’t exactly comfortable. 
Jeremy looked down at Natalie with an air of superiority. He had seen how close she had been with Austin earlier. 
Their proximity was much closer than the distance between him and her now, and they had been talking to each other. 
Now, not only was there a physical distance between Natalie and him, but her attitude towards him was as indifferent as it would be towards a stranger. Seeing Jeremy remain silent and look at her with hurt in his eyes, Natalie felt momentarily bewildered. 
“You…” 
“Natalie, you’re really cold–hearted,” Jeremy said, his eyes red with anger. 
Natalie frowned and said, “Jeremy, what’s going on with you? You show up out of the blue to accuse me. What do you want to say? Just say it.” 
She was also upset about how things had turned out between them. 
If she could, she would want to return to a year ago when they had just married. They had been so eager to see each other every day and could see the affection in each other’s eyes. 
But some things, once they happened, just couldn’t be changed. 
“When will you be returning to Jipsburg?” Jeremy asked, taking a deep breath to steady his tumultuous 
emotions. 
Natalie sighed in relief. So, that was what he wanted to know. 
She responded with a softer tone, “It’ll be about a month or so. I’m not sure of the exact date yet. It depends on the crew schedule.” 
Jeremy’s gaze remained fixed on Natalie for a long moment, his eyes intense and brooding. 
Under Jeremy’s intense security, Natalie felt quite uncomfortable. “I’m feeling a bit unwell today and I’m. getting tired. I’m going to rest now.” 
“Alright,” Jeremy said, his voice curt. 
Once the door was closed, Jeremy leaned against it. His entire demeanor was shrouded in a dark gloom. 
Skylar had been standing on the balcony for quite a while. The violin performance had ended. 
She wrapped her coat around her and left the balcony. 
It was 10:45 pm, and since Joe hadn’t returned yet, it seemed unlikely he would. With Vera hospitalized, Joe had stopped the wedding photoshoot. 
His urgent rush to the hospital meant he would likely stay there to ensure Vera was alright. 
Thinking about Joe’s concern for Vera made Skylar feel uncomfortable. 
Her phone rang as she was about to turn off the lights and go to bed. 
堂 
###chapter982
 983
Under the dim light, the screen on Skylar’s phone lit up with Aiken’s name. 
That was an international call. She answered the call. Mr. Parkinson.” 
Aiken’s voice was urgent. “Sorry to bother you. Are you available right now? Could you come over here?” 
“I’m currently in Fachington, not in Jipsburg. I can’t make it over there. Is there something wrong?” Skylar quickly turned on the light. She hadn’t been feeling sleepy to begin with, and now she felt even more 
awake. 
Aiken’s urgency was likely due to Simona. Recently, Simona’s mood had already become stable. She had just started at a new school and seemed to be adjusting well with her new classmates. 
f 
Caleb had mentioned that the situation hadn’t affected her much. 
Aiken continued, “We’re also in Fachington. Simona mentioned a few days ago that you were here. We just arrived a couple of days ago. We came to relax, following the psychologist’s advice. But today, while out, we witnessed a group of boys bullying a girl. 
“Simona has been upset since we returned to the hotel and had a nightmare after falling asleep. She woke up terrified and wouldn’t let me near her. I called a psychologist, but she’s resistant. 
“I can only think of contacting you right now. I’m really sorry to disturb you and interrupt your honeymoon 
with Mr. Martin.” 
“He happens to be out today. Where are you staying? I’ll take a cab to come find you.” Skylar had already gotten out of bed and was grabbing her clothes. 
“Send me the address, and I’ll have someone pick you up. It’s not safe out here at night, and I don’t want you coming alone,” Aiken replied after a brief pause. 
Skylar considered this. The safety was not as good here as in Jipsburg, and she was unfamiliar with the 
area. 
After waiting over 20 minutes, Aiken’s driver arrived to pick her up. The ride was quick, and they soon 
arrived at a villa. 
Aiken was waiting at the door. When he saw her get out of the car, his expression briefly showed surprise but was quickly replaced by concern. 
“Sorry to trouble you again,” he said. 
Skylar’s face was serious. “No need to be so polite. To me, Simona is like a sister. Let’s go see her right away.” 
Throughout the drive, she worried about Simona. She would message Aiken to check if Simona’s mood had improved over the past few minutes. 
Unfortunately, Simona remained distressed. She isolated herself in her room and refused to let Aiken come near her. 
Even with the psychologist’s treatment and the consequences faced by the boys involved, some things just couldn’t be undone. The emotional wounds remained deeply embedded in Simona’s heart. 
She had been trying to act as if everything was fine, probably to prevent those around her from worrying. She was attempting to heal on her own. 
However, when a nearly identical scene unfolded before her eyes, it reopened the still–healing wound in 
her heart. She found it unbearable 
Outside the door, Skylar gently knocked three times and softly said, “Simona, it’s Skylar. May I come in and see how you’re doing?” 
Alken watched Skylar closely, his gaze fixed and unwavering. Her presence comforted Simona and provided solace to him as if the previous surge of anger and frustration had been quelled. 
As Skylar was in Fachington for a trip, Joe wasn’t by her side. She recalled receiving news that Vera was also in Fachington and wondered if Joe had neglected Skylar because of Vera’s presence. 
His expression grew troubled. 
From inside the room, Simona’s hoarse voice came through. “Skylar?” 
“It’s me, Simona. May I come in?” Skylar asked calmly. 
Simona responded, “Yes.” 
Skylar sighed with relief. She glanced at Aiken and reassured him with a gesture that everything was fine. 
As she opened the door and stepped inside, a new WhatsApp message from Joe popped up on her phone. Glancing at it, she saw it was from Joe but decided she couldn’t respond at the moment. 
She quickly typed back, “I’m busy right now.” 
Then, she put her phone away in her bag. 
Simona, Skylar called gently as she entered the room. 
###chapter983
 984
Aiken stood by the door, listening to the faint sounds coming from inside the room. He couldn’t hear what Skylar and Simona were talking about, but he could sense that Simona’s mood was easing. 
They were having a calm conversation, and his tense expression gradually softened. 
It had been a long time since he had trusted someone this much. He had thought that no one in his life could make him feel this way. Unexpectedly, he had met Skylar. 
With Simona now with Skylar, he felt an immense sense of relief. 
He pulled out a cigarette from his pocket and was about to light it when he hesitated. Instead, he took the cigarette pack and went upstairs to the balcony. 
Under the evening breeze, he lit the cigarette. 
A thought crossed his mind as he reflected on the fact that Skylar had come alone while Joe was absent. There might be issues in Joe and Skylar’s relationship. 
The last time something happened to Skylar, Joe was extremely anxious. It had seemed like he really cared about her, but now, that didn’t seem to be the case. 
While he was caught up in his thoughts, his phone rang. Seeing the caller ID, he raised an eyebrow but maintained his composure. He answered, “Mr. Martin.” 
“Is Skylar there with you?” Joe asked directly. 
Aiken paused for a moment, looking down at the lighter in his hand. “Yes, my sister had some issues, so I asked Ms. Sullivan to come over to help.” 
“Send me the address. I’ll come and get her,” Joe said. 
Aiken agreed. After that, they ended the call without further conversation. 
There was an intangible, unspoken tension between them. A subtle emotional undercurrent that only the two of them could sense. It was as if they were silently competing in the shadows. 
After ending the call, Aiken glanced at the night sky. It was already midnight, and Joe was still coming to pick up Skylar. 
It was clear that Joe cared about Skylar. But he wondered if Joe could truly discern who mattered to him 
while he was so conflicted. 
He stubbed out the half–smoked cigarette and headed downstairs. At the door, he could still hear the voices of Skylar and Simona. 
Simona’s voice sounded noticeably lighter than before, suggesting that the earlier scene had not affected 
her much. There was even an occasional laugh. 
Skylar’s laughter was soft and gentle, yet she was a woman of strong character and ambition. Each encounter with her seemed to make Aiken feel inadequate and self–critical. 
Despite this, he couldn’t help but entertain some less noble thoughts. 
As Aiken was lost in thought, Skylar suddenly opened the door and stepped out. He was about to speak, but Skylar shook her head and motioned for him to hold off. 
They went downstairs and sat on the couch. Only then did Skylar speak. “Simona is tired and should be asleep now. She wants to see me tomorrow, and I’ve promised her that. 
“Are there any extra rooms here? If not, I’ll come over early tomorrow.” 
Simona was still emotionally unstable, and Skylar wasn’t comfortable leaving her alone. Aiken felt a surge of relief at Skylar’s decision to stay, but he was reminded of Joe’s earlier call. 
He suppressed his excitement and said, “Mr. Martin just called me. He said he’s on his way to pick you up 
now.” 
Skylar looked surprised. “He called you?” 
She checked her phone and saw several calls from Joe, which she had missed because her phone was silent. 
Aiken nodded and confirmed, “Yes.” 
“I’ll call him back,” Skylar said, noting the time on her phone. It was almost 1:00 am. 
She dialed Joe’s number, and he answered almost immediately. 
“Sorry, I was with Simona and my phone was on silent. I’ll be staying here with her tonight. Are you on your way to pick me up? It’s too late now. You should go back to the hotel and get some rest,” Skylar said. 
Act Fast Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter984
 985
When the call connected, Skylar spoke directly. 
Joe’s cold voice came through the phone. “I’m almost there.” 
“Really? That quickly?” Skylar was surprised. 
Joe confirmed with a low, distracted sound. Over the phone, it sounded as if Joe was in a bad mood. 
Skylar’s lips twitched slightly. 
Joe and Vera had been together since the afternoon, reminiscing about familiar places from their past. There shouldn’t be any reason for him to be upset. 
She wondered if he was upset because she had made him come pick her up in the middle of the night. 
Skylar felt a bit unsettled as well. She ended the call and turned to Aiken. 
“Mr. Parkinson, could you arrange for someone to pick me up from the hotel tomorrow at 7:00 am?” 
Aiken gave Skylar a thoughtful look before agreeing. “Sure.” 
He then glanced at his watch. “It’s already past 1:00 am. Why don’t you and Mr. Martin stay here for the night? It’s more convenient.” 
It was clear from the call that Skylar and Joe hadn’t been very cheerful. As Skylar was about to respond, there were noises outside the villa.. 
Aiken looked out and said, “Mr. Martin’s here.” 
“Alright, see you tomorrow.” Skylar thought about the clothes and essentials she had left at the hotel and knew it would be inconvenient to stay here. 
As she stepped out of the villa, she saw Joe leaning against his car, his long legs standing out. 
When he noticed Skylar approaching, Joe looked over at her. Under the streetlights, his eyes appeared even more enigmatic, revealing no clear emotions. It was impossible to tell what he was thinking. 
However, it was clear that he wasn’t in a good mood. His entire presence seemed to radiate a cold, distant energy. 
When he noticed Aiken, his gaze darkened further. 
Walking up to the car, Skylar turned to Aiken and said, “See you tomorrow.” 
Aiken nodded. “Thanks for your help tonight. See you tomorrow.” 
He then turned to Joe. “Sorry to bother you.” 
Joe pressed his lips together and offered a faint smile. “It’s nothing.” 
On the drive back to the hotel, the atmosphere between Skylar and Joe was unusually tense. The driver sensed the discomfort, glancing at them through the rearview mirror but avoiding staring too obviously. Skylar felt somewhat exhausted and didn’t want to put herself in an awkward position. She figured Joe’s bad mood was likely due to Vera, so she leaned back and fell asleep in the seat. 
Seeing Skylar asleep soundly, Joe’s face immediately tensed, and his lips were pressed tightly. 
Joe thought, “See him tomorrow?” 
He wondered if she was planning to see Aiken again tomorrow. They had just seen each other today, and she already couldn’t wait to see him again. 
If he hadn’t come to pick her up, she would have stayed at Aiken’s villa tonight. The more he thought about it, the more agitated he became. 
They soon arrived at the hotel. 
“Wake up. We’re here.” 
When Skylar heard Joe calling her, she opened her eyes. She felt a bit dizzy and groggy. Sleeping in the car hadn’t been very refreshing. 
She got out of the car, feeling sluggish, and made her way back to the suite. 
As she headed for the bathroom, she glanced back at Joe. “Do you want to shower first?” 
After a short nap in the car, the elevator ride back upstairs made her feel more awake. She was willing to wait for Joe to finish. Moreover, Joe showered quickly. 
Joe relaxed his tense expression slightly and said with a smirk, “Why don’t we shower together?” 
###chapter985
 986
Skylar frowned. She wondered what was wrong with Joe. 
Seeing Skylar’s resistance, Joe’s eyes darkened. “It’s not like we haven’t bathed together before. Why are you so bothered now?” 
She didn’t want to talk to him because of Aiken. Now, she didn’t even want to bathe with him. 
When he mentioned bathing together, Skylar almost blurted out, “No way.” 
She took a deep breath and said, “It’s already past 2:00 am. If you’re not going to bathe, I’ll go first.” 
She regretted asking him. So, she locked the bathroom door as soon as she shut it. 
Looking at the locked bathroom door, Joe’s face darkened with anger. 
Skylar finished in about ten minutes. When she exited the bathroom, she glanced at Joe and said, “You can go now.” 
Then, she lay down on the bed. 
Joe entered the bathroom, with a grim expression, without saying a word, and slammed the door behind him. 
? 
Skylar raised an eyebrow, sensing his anger, but she didn’t know where it came from. It was late, and she didn’t have the energy to find out, so she just went to sleep. 
When Joe came out of the bathroom 15 minutes later, he saw Skylar asleep on the bed. He could hear her steady breathing as he approached the bed. 
This woman! 
Anger flared up in him. 
As he lay down, he noticed that Skylar was sleeping on the edge of the bed, as if she was deliberately putting distance between them. This made his irritation grow stronger. 
Wasn’t it too late to draw the line with him now? 
He had long grown accustomed to sleeping while holding Skylar. Now, lying there made him more awake, and the familiar frustration of insomnia returned. 
After a while, Joe moved closer to Skylar and wrapped her in his arms. 
Skylar, seemingly used to Joe’s embrace, didn’t wake up. In fact, her breathing became even steadier. As he held her, the restlessness in Joe’s heart vanished, and he soon fell asleep. 
Skylar woke up at 6:30 am. 
She was worried about Simona, and it was also the agreed time for Aiken to pick her up, so it felt like her body had a natural alarm clock. 
Just as she was about to get out of bed, she realized Joe’s arm was wrapped around her. So, she gently tried to move his arm away. 
But as soon as she moved, he tightened his hold, pulling her back into a firm embrace. 
Looking at the arm in front of her, Skylar had no choice but to speak. “Joe, I have to leave by seven. 
Please let me go.” 
A cold and clear voice devoid of sleepiness came from beside her ear. “Did you forget we’re supposed to continue shooting the wedding photos today?” 
Skylar had indeed forgotten about that. In her mind, she had already assumed there wouldn’t be time to finish the shooting. She also thought Joe might not want to continue. Yet here he was, insisting on continuing the photoshoot. 
Unfortunately, she didn’t want to. 
“We took plenty yesterday. It should be enough. I’m tired and don’t want to take more. 
“Something happened to Simona yesterday, and she’s not in a good state. I promised I’d be with her today. Plus, aren’t you busy?” 
Joe glared at her. “What exactly are you upset about?” 
“So, you’re allowed to leave whenever something comes up, but when it’s my turn, I can’t do that? Mr. Martin, what’s with the double–standard?” Skylar was getting furious as well. 
She pushed him away and got out of bed, heading straight to the bathroom to freshen up. 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
X 
###chapter986
 987
Skylar didn’t even glance at Joe when she came out of the bathroom. She just changed her clothes, grabbed her bag, and left. 
Watching her leave so coldly, Joe’s face turned grim. He couldn’t help but spit out, “What a heartless woman!” 
Was she planning to cut ties with him and get divorced as soon as they returned to the country? 
Had all their previous conversation been for nothing? 
What people said seemed true–women’s words couldn’t be trusted! 
While waiting for the elevator, Skylar ran into Vera, who was stepping out. 
Vera was slightly surprised to see Skylar as she hadn’t expected to run into her here. 
So, she lifted her chin slightly, exuding an air of superiority. It was as if she had seen through Skylar’s fa?ade and held all the cards. 
“Skylar.” 
Skylar was just about to enter the elevator when she heard Vera. She looked up and asked, “Anything?” Seeing Skylar’s cold expression and oblivious to the fact that her schemes had been exposed, Vera sneered, “Sometimes, it’s better not to be too calculative. There’s a big gap between
you and Joe. Even if you managed to make him look at you differently for now, it doesn’t mean you’ll have the last laugh.” 
Vera discreetly slipped the ring on her hand into her bag as she spoke, making sure that Skylar didn’t see it. 
She didn’t like what Skylar had done. She wondered how Skylar had gone to such lengths to win over a man and how low one could go. 
However, Skylar just looked at Vera as if she were mentally sick. “If you’re sick, go see a doctor. Don’t spout nonsense in front of me.” 
Skylar stepped into the elevator as soon as she finished saying that. 
She had previously thought that Vera was just naturally arrogant and dismissive of others, but now she realized Vera might be sick in the head too! 
Vera just imagined that Skylar had schemed to make Joe fall for her. 
It all depended on that person whether they liked her or not had no interest in scheming to get 
people to like her. 
The elevator door closed quickly, cutting off whatever Vera had to say. She felt anger well up in her. “This is infuriating!” 
Not many people around her would behave like Skylar, full of schemes yet utterly impolite! 
Thinking about how Skylar was manipulating Joe, Vera suddenly felt sorry for him. 
With that, she glanced toward the guest room nearby and walked over while slipping the ring back onto her finger. 
She arrived at the door in a few steps. Then, she knocked gently. “Joe, it’s me.” 
On the way, Skylar received a call from Natalie. 
“The filming was stopped suddenly today, and Mr. Powell gave me the day off. So, I’m free now. Where are you taking the wedding photos? I’ll go to you.” 
Skylar glanced out the car window and said, “We’re no longer taking the wedding photos. Yesterday was enough. So, I’m heading to a friend’s place today. She needs my help. I’ll meet you after that. How’s your stomach? Does it still hurt?” 
Natalie thought about what she saw last night and wondered if Skylar had found out about Joe and Vera. 
From her voice, Skylar didn’t sound like anything was wrong. 
“It stopped hurting last night. So, I’m fine. It’s a date then. Let me know when you’re done and I’ll go get you,” Natalie said. 
“Alright.” 
After making plans with Skylar, Natalie felt a bit down. 
She was worried that the more Skylar kept things to herself, the more heartbroken she was. 
Vera was certainly not easy to deal with. 
“You have an appointment with Skylar? Let me take you to her.” Austin suddenly came over. 
###chapter987
 988
When one wasn’t feeling hungry, having a plate of pasta with sauce felt light, nutritious, and comforting. 
Simona’s eyes lit up. “Pasta with tomato and egg sauce? When I got up just now, I was just thinking how great it would be to have this dish here in Fachington.” 
Skylar began to look forward to it too. A simple breakfast sounded perfect at that moment. 
“Aiken knows me best! I love you, Aiken! 
“Oh, by the way, Skylar, do you like the dish? If you don’t, we can have the maid prepare something else for you.” 
Skylar replied, “I happen to be craving some pasta too.” 
Hearing that, Simona smiled even brighter. “Wouldn’t it be great if the three of us are a family? Even our food preferences are the same. The maids wouldn’t have to worry about what to cook!” 
She said it without much thought, but those listening took it seriously. 
Aiken glanced at Skylar subtly. 
Skylar smiled at Simona and said, “Haven’t you always regarded me as a sister? Well, I’ve already thought of you as my little sister.” 
Simona’s eyes reddened with emotion. “Mm–hmm!” 
After breakfast, Aiken made a few phone calls before asking Skylar, “Do you have any other plans today? If you’re free, would you join in the activities I’ve planned for Simona?” 
Skylar thought about the rescheduled wedding photoshoot with Joe, but that plan had fallen through. When she left the hotel that morning, it was clear that Vera had gone to find him. 
Her schedule for that day had nothing to do with him anymore. 
“Skylar, please come with us. Aiken is so boring. Hanging out with him is really no fun,” Simona said, giving her brother a slightly dismissive look. 
She was serious about that. Aiken was quite a dull person. And with him being so busy, they had little in 
common. 
What interested Simona didn’t appeal to him at all. She knew her brother found women troublesome. The fact that he even agreed to spend time with her was already something. So, she was not expecting any emotional support from him. 
After all, there were always plenty and all types of women around him, but he treated none seriously. He was simply too cold and aloof. Or maybe, he just hadn’t met someone he truly liked. 
Recently, though, it seemed like Aiken had more free time. He rarely stayed out overnight, and no women had come looking for him either. Simona hadn’t thought much of it before, but now she felt something seemed off about him. 
Skylar agreed to Simona’s suggestion after thinking for a moment. 
When she agreed, a glint seemed to flash through Aiken’s eyes. 
While Skylar went to the bathroom before heading out, Simona quickly voiced her suspicion. “Aiken, did you fall in love recently? I feel like you’re different from before.” 
Aiken glanced at Simona and said “C+ 
As siblings, she could easily sense his changes. So, Simona raised an eyebrow. “You know very well if I’m overthinking or not. So, who’s the lucky lady? Have I met her? Why don’t you bring her home to meet me after we return to the country? I’ll make sure to help you win her over! 
“You’ve never fallen for anyone before. This is the first one. So, as your sister, I’ll be the perfect assistant to help you settle down!” 
“Just don’t cause any trouble,” Aiken said, suddenly in a good mood. 
Simona’s eyes lit up. “I knew it! I’m a genius with both high IQ and EQ. I’ll definitely help you get her. 
There’s no way I’ll mess things up. Aiken, you can count on me!” 
Aiken thought to himself that he wasn’t sure whether his sister would help or make things worse if she knew the woman he was interested in was another man’s wife. 
He didn’t want to hurt Skylar. 
A few minutes later, Skylar came out of the bathroom. Let’s go.” 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter988
 990
Aiken and Simona stopped their conversation. Then, together with Skylar, they set off from the villa. 
In the car, Simona and Skylar chatted endlessly about everything from Fachington to the new school and skincare. 
Girls always had plenty to talk about when it came to these topics. 
Usually, Aiken would get a headache listening to women talk about such things. But today, for some reason, he found it oddly comforting. 
At one point, Simona pulled out a few photos to show Skylar, likely of some jewelry. 
Skylar, being knowledgeable about the subject, explained everything in detail, which also piqued Aiken’s interest. 
Before they knew it, they arrived at a museum–one of the largest in Fachington, resembling a palace. Skylar had been in the country for a few days but hadn’t had the chance to visit yet. It was on her itinerary, but she didn’t expect she would come with Aiken and Simona. 
After getting out of the car; they went straight inside. 
There weren’t many visitors. So, Skylar put her phone on silent and quietly enjoyed the exhibits. 
Aiken followed behind the two women. He had been to this museum a few times before, so it no longer appealed to him. 
Three hours later, they left the museum. 
Skylar turned her phone back on and checked it for calls or messages. There was nothing. 
Just as she was about to put her phone away, Natalie sent a message saying she had caught a cold and was now resting at the hotel, feeling weak. So she couldn’t meet up with Skylar later in the day. 
This made Skylar frown. Natalie had just been to the hospital for stomach pains, and now she was down with a cold. 
“Skylar, Aiken and I were just discussing whether we should grab lunch now and continue with our trip after that. What do you think?” Simona asked Skylar. 
Aiken also looked at Skylar and waited for her response. 
Feeling a bit apologetic, Skylar said, “A friend of mine has suddenly fallen ill and is alone at the hotel. I’m a bit worried, so I can’t join you for the rest of the day. I’m really sorry.” 
Simona was disappointed. “It’s okay. We’ll just hang out another time.” 
“I’ll have the driver take you,” Aiken offered, hiding his own disappointment well. He didn’t show any signs to Skylar or Simona. 
Skylar declined. “I’ll just catch a cab. Her hotel isn’t far from here.” 
“Okay, be safe.” 
After Skylar left, Simona glanced at Aiken and noticed his serious expression. “Why do I feel like you’re more disappointed than I am?” 
“Nonsense. Have you decided what to have for lunch?” Aiken asked, keeping a straight face. 
Simona smirked and replied in a seemingly uninterested tone, “Whatever. I saw a few restaurants on the 
way here. Let’s just grab something simple.” 
Without Skylar around, Simona felt incredibly bored hanging out with Aiken. She suddenly regretted coming to Fachington with him. It was nowhere near as fun being in their home country. 
Aiken agreed with his sister. “Sounds good.” 
The siblings went to one of the restaurants they had passed earlier and casually ordered some steaks for lunch. 
Skylar arrived at Natalie’s hotel soon after. 
###chapter989
 991
Skylar had visited just a few days ago, so she easily found Natalie’s room. 
After knocking twice, Skylar heard Natalle’s hoarse, sick voice. “Who is it?” 
Natalie lay in bed lazily, feeling weak and drained. Just getting up to open the door seemed to exhaust 
her. 
She guessed whoever was knocking was probably a colleague. Some of her colleagues who couldn’t stay cooped up in the hotel had gone out to have fun. If she weren’t sick, she would have gone with them. 
But she had been fine that morning. Who would have thought she’d be sick now? 
“It’s me. Open the door.” Skylar’s voice came from the door. 
Natalie’s eyes brightened. “Skylar?” 
That voice was unmistakably Skylar! So, Natalie immediately dragged herself out of bed and walked over 
to the door. 
“My dear Skye! What are you doing here?” 
When she opened the door and saw Skylar, tears of gratitude welled in Natalie’s eyes. 
Skylar frowned as soon as she noticed Natalie’s pale face. “Have you taken your temperature? How about medicine? I have some with me. There should be some medicine for a cold.” 
“No, I haven’t taken any. I think it’s just à common cold and fever. If I sleep it off, I’ll be fine by tomorrow.” Natalie hugged Skylar and leaned on her while slowly returning to the bed with Skylar’s support. 
Skylar looked at her helplessly. “You couldn’t take care of yourself back in college, and you still can’t now? Do you have a thermometer?” 
“Yeah, it’s in that small first–aid kit. I packed it for Mr. Powell, since he often gets injured. There’s a thermometer in there.” Natalie pointed to a small kit on the table. 
Skylar found the thermometer and handed it to Natalie to place under her arm. 
Though Natalie felt groggy, her mind was still clear. “Did something happen between you and Joe? Did he bully you?” 
“There’s nothing between us. Even if something did happen, it wouldn’t matter. Don’t worry about me. What matters now is you. I think you might have a high fever based on what I’m feeling from your forehead.” 
Skylar started rummaging through her bag. Sure enough, she found some medicine for fever. 
But Natalie worriedly asked, “Are you sure nothing’s wrong?” 
“What could be wrong? We didn’t marry for love in the first place. Now, let me see that thermometer.” 
Natalie took out the thermometer and handed it to Skylar. Her lips twitched after checking the temperature. “102 degrees.” 
“No wonder my head’s spinning and I feel so weak. Seems like I have a fever,” Natalie said, feeling a bit helpless about her own condition. 
Her health was in such bad shape. She promised herself to start exercising once she got better. 
“Take the medicine and drink plenty of warm water,” Skylar advised. 
Natalle could only nod abediently. “I’ll do whatever you say.” 
After taking the medicine, Natalie started feeling better, and her fever gradually subsided. 
“I’ll go get us some lunch. You can rest a bit,” Skylar sald, noticing that it was already 1:00 pm. 
Natalie, feeling drowsy and with little appetite, just nodded. 
Skylar left the hotel and went to a nearby restaurant. She ordered two chicken soups and boiled vegetables. While waiting in the restaurant, she received a call from Joe. 
Seeing his name on her phone screen, she hesitated for a bit before answering. 
###chapter990
 992
“Are you still with Aiken and his sister?” Joe’s cold voice came through the phone, Even without seeing each other’s faces, the coldness in his tone was unmistakable. 
Skylar frowned slightly. “I’m with Natalie. She’s sick.” 
After a moment of silence, Joe said, “I’ll pick you up tonight.” 
“No need. She has a fever, so I’ll be watching her tonight,” Skylar refused directly. 
Joe simply responded with an “Alright.” 
With nothing more to say, they ended the call. 
Skylar looked at her phone, feeling an odd emptiness in her che order. So, she picked it up and returned to the hotel. 
that moment, the waiter brought her 
When she got back, Natalie was still sleeping. She woke up about half an hour later, immediately catching the scent of food. 
“You’re awake? I bought some chicken soup and boiled vegetables. Do you want some?” Skylar asked. 
Yes! 
Natalie nodded eagerly. “Yes! I’m starving!” 
Skylar had Natalie take her temperature again after that. It had dropped slightly over 98.6 degrees, and she seemed to be in better shape now. Skylar felt relieved. 
As they were eating, someone knocked on the door. 
“Who is it?” Natalie asked. 
“It’s me, Jeremy.” 
Hearing his name changed Natalie’s expression. She looked at Skylar and said, “I’m going to lie down. Can you open the door for me?” 
Skylar just nodded. “Okay.” 
When she opened the door, Jeremy was about to say something. But he stopped upon seeing her instead 
of Natalie. 
“You’re not going out with Joe?” Jeremy asked. 
Skylar nodded slightly. “I’ll be staying with Nath today. 
Natalie then called out weakly from the bed, “Is there something you need?” 
Jeremy frowned immediately and walked quickly toward the bed, noticing the chicken soup and vegetables on the table. Looking closer, he also saw the thermometer and medicine on the table. 
“You’re sick? Why didn’t you tell me? I’ll take you to the hospital,” Jeremy said as he tried to help Natalie 
1. up. 
But Natalie quickly said, “No need. Skye’s been taking good care of me, and I feel much better. I should be fine by tomorrow after resting for tonight.” 
Upon hearing that, Jeremy turned to Skylar and said, “Thank you for taking care of her.” 
Skylar just smiled. “Nath is my friend, it’s what I should do.” 
“Please leave if there’s nothing else. Skye’s been taking care of me and is tired. We want to take a rest,” 
Natalie said casually to Jeremy. 
From the moment Jeremy arrived, everything he said and did seemed weird, as they were already divorced. 
Sensing the clear distance and how Natalie hinted for him to leave, Jeremy felt heavy in his heart. 
However, given that Natalie was sick, he decided to end their conversation after they returned to the country. 
“I’ll be flying to Murida later today. I’ll see you back in Lindfield. In the meantime, take care of yourself. If you need anything, just give me a call,” Jeremy said, gazing at Natalie intently. 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
AN 
###chapter991
 993
Natalie pressed her lips together with a sense of helplessness and nodded. “Okay.” Before leaving, Jeremy said to Skylar again, “Thank you for taking care of Natalie.” 
Skylar just watched him, feeling a bit strange seeing how he acted as if he and Natalle hadn’t divorced. 
After Jeremy left, she turned to look at Natalie. 
But, before she could say anything, Natalie quickly said, “We were clear about everything when we divorced. But lately, he’ll act like we haven’t separated whenever we run into each other. No matter how much I tell him, he just keeps behaving this way.” 
“He probably regrets divorcing you,” Skylar remarked, feeling ly emotional. 
It was obvious that Jeremy loved Natalie. The infidelity was likely due to external influences, perhaps some kind of bad influence or something. It seemed like fate was playing a cruel joke on him. 
Natalie’s eyes dimmed. Then, she got out of bed and sat back at the table, finishing her chicken soup. 
After taking a few sips, she said, “It’s impossible for us to be together again. You know, I’ve seen the video of him with Annabelle. I can’t forget it. I know I’m being selfish by wanting to run away. But recently, I realized that I’ve let go of my feelings for him.” 
Perhaps knowing they were never meant to be in this lifetime made it easier to let go of such deep emotions. Thinking about it now, Natalie suddenly felt quite cold–hearted. 
After leaving, Jeremy went to see Austin. 
They looked at each other until Austin broke the silence. “Mr. Hughes, if you have something to say, just say it.” 
“Do you like Natalie?” Jeremy asked bluntly. 
Austin smiled and said, “Yes, I do.” 
Jeremy’s expression darkened. “You should find someone else. Natalie is my wife.” 
“Ex–wife,” Austin corrected him before adding, “Mr. Hughes, you should show some restraint. Natalie isn’t someone you can be trifled with, and what you’re doing now is more likely to hurt her.” 
Jeremy’s expression changed drastically, and his gaze grew intense and oppressive as he stared at 
Austin, 
Meanwhile, Austin wasn’t bothered by Jeremy’s intimidating presence and continued. “She seems to have feelings for me recently. You should know when to stop and not become the third party between us.” 
“Austin Powell! Do you know who you’re talking to? Do you know who I am? I could destroy everything you’ve worked for in the entertainment industry over the past decade easily!” Jeremy shouted in anger. 
But Austin remained calm. “Why else do you think I’ve come this far other than because of my talent and hard work? Do you think you can really suppress me? You can’t destroy me.” 
Natalie still felt unwell, so she went to bed early in the evening. 
Skylar didn’t feel sleepy, so she turned on a small lamp and read an e–book. She also handled some work Janine had sent her. 
“Skye, someone sent this picture of a ring asking us to verify if it’s real and if it has any special meaning. The order came a few days ago, but I just got to it,” Janine had messaged. 
Skylar had handed over the complete management of the store to her adoptive mother, Janine. 
They had hired a few employees, and all items for sale were authenticated. However, some customers still requested appraisals. 
The processing times were noted to be anywhere between seven days to half a month, with urgent orders eligible for cancellation. 
So, Skylar opened the picture and zoomed in on the ring. 
The ring exuded a strong sense of antiquity even through the screen–it was indeed an artifact. But… 
Skylar suddenly focused on the details. Subtle patterns co surface. However, there was something odd about it. 
faintly seen on the ring’s emerald–green 
As the pictures were not taken in high resolution, the patterns weren’t very clear, so she couldn’t be entirely sure what to make of them yet. She couldn’t sense the ring’s full historical significance despite it clearly being an antique, 
###chapter992
 994
Could it be related to the unclear patterns on the ring? 
“Mom, ask the customer to send a few more pictures. The ones they sent weren’t very clear.” 
Janine immediately sent over a few more pictures. “The customer already sent several photos from the start. I’ll forward all of them to you.” 
Skylar carefully examined each one. Gradually, the faint patterns on the ring became clearer in her mind. However, there was still no historical connection to thing. 
Could this ring never make it to the market after being crafte Was it only discovered now? And perhaps it wasn’t as unusual as she initially thought? 
Still feeling uncertain, she reviewed the pictures again, but the strange feeling only grew stronger. There was definitely something off about this ring. 
“Mom, have the customer request for a refund. We can’t authenticate this.” 
Janine didn’t ask why, knowing that if Skylar refused, there was a good reason for it. “Okay.” 
Though the customer was refunded, Skylar still kept the pictures. 
Perhaps she wasn’t able to focus properly due to lack of rest. So, she decided to revisit the photos in a few days with a clearer mind. 
Glancing at the time, it was already past 8:00 pm. She felt tired, likely from not getting enough sleep the night before. So she turned off the lights and went to bed. 
In her half–awake state, Skylar’s phone, placed by her pillow, began vibrating, waking her up. She answered the call without checking who was calling. 
“Mrs. Martin, Mr. Martin is sick! He has a fever. The flu in Fachington has been severe lately, and many people are getting sick. I can’t take care of him alone. Can you come back to take care of him? I tried giving him medicine, but he won’t listen to me!” 
Paul sounded helpless over the phone. 
Skylar, still groggy, quickly snapped awake upon hearing this. She looked at the time and noticed it was just after 9:00 pm. So, she had only been asleep for less than an hour, which explained why she still felt exhausted. 
“Is something wrong? I’m not feverish anymore, and I have medicine. I have colleagues staging on the same floor, so don’t worry about me,” Natalie suddenly said, having been roused by the phone’s vibration. 
Natalie turned on the bedside lamp, her eyes still half–closed. Then, she yawned and added, “Just be careful.” 
Skylar responded with a simple “Okay,” addressing both Natalie and Paul. 
“I’ll send someone to pick you up!” Paul was relieved. It felt like he had found a savior. 
An hour later, at around 10:00 pm, Skylar returned to her hotel, where Paul was waiting for her outside. 
When he saw her, he hurried over and explained, “Mr. Martin’s recent injury had weakened his body. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have caught the flu so easily. Dr. Grey didn’t come along this time. Plus, Mr. Martin hates hospitals and refuses to take medicine. 
“I’m at my wit’s end. So, I had to call you.” 
Whenever Paul ran into issues he couldn’t handle, he would call Skylar. Then, she would always have a way to overcome Joe’s little quirks. 
So, Paul had full confidence in her. 
“Why didn’t you call Ms. Ruell? He’ll probably listen to her,” Skylar asked. 
###chapter993
 995
1apter 995 
ul was momentarily stunned but quickly responded. “Mr Martin, do you have a misunderstanding with : Martin? There’s nothing between him and Ms. Ruell. Those rumors are all not true.” 
aring Paul defend Joe, Skylar didn’t press any further. 
ere was nothing between them? Then, why did Joe rush to the hospital when Vera went there? Skylar Isn’t that naive. 
eing Skylar just smile without saying anything, Paul felt uneasy. He could sense that something was off. s. Ruell coming to Fachington was purely coincidental. They also stayed at the same hotel by chance. I n guarantee there’s absolutely nothing between Mr. Martin and Ms. Ruell.” 
ul’s assurance sounded a bit forced. After all, Joe had met Ver orning. 
yesterday and again earlier this 
ul was sure that Joe had never been interested in Vera before, but his behavior these past two days is puzzling. 
that so?” Skylar replied, but she didn’t ask further. Paul’s demeanor had already revealed enough, 
& 
ow high is his fever now?” she asked. 
ul answered quickly, “It was over 100 degrees when I last checked, but I haven’t taken his temperature cently. I think it’s gotten worse.” 
o you have any medicine for fever?” 
es, Dr. Grey told me to bring some just in case.” 
ylar nodded and said, “Go get the medicine, I’ll go check on him.” 
ter entering the room, she saw Joe lying in bed. He was wrapped tightly in a blanket, with only his head posed. 
was likely that the fever was making him feel cold. But despite that, he still refused to take any edicine. 
e had known about his aversion to medicine during his last hospitalization. 
proaching the bed, Skylar grabbed the thermometer nearby and took his temperature. It was 102 grees Fahrenheit. 
ylar sighed. How could he not be in the hospital or taking any medicine with a fever like this? Did he nk he was made of steel? The flu wasn’t something to be taken lightly. 
ddenly, Joe opened his eyes and looked up at her. 
on seeing Skylar, he seemed surprised for a moment but then stared intently at her and asked, “Why 1 you come back?” 
1. r. Ziegler called me, saying you have a fever. The flu is rampant here in Fachington. You and Natalie >bably caught the same flu, but your fever has lasted too long without breaking. You need to go to the spital immediately,” Skylar replied directly. 
on hearing the word hospital, Joe frowned. “I’m not going.” 
vas expected. 
ylar wasn’t surprised. “Fine. If you won’t go to hospital, at least take some medicine and see if it helps 
to break your fever,” 
Joe frowned again. “Take medicine?” 
He didn’t flat–out refuse but seemed to question it. 
Skylar had never met someone so opposed to both hospitals and medicine. But having dealt with Joe before, she knew how to handle it this time. 
“Nath had a fever all morning. She thought it was nothing, but it left her feeling weak. After taking some medicine, she’s much better now and will likely recover after a good night’s rest. 
“Do you really want to keep suffering, through this fever for the next few days? I read on the way here that this flu causes recurrent fevers for two to three days. It’s really tough. So, let’s take the medicine and get your fever down.” 
As she spoke, Skylar’s tone softened, becoming gentler 
When Joe heard her saying, “Let’s,” the heaviness he had been feeling all day suddenly lifted. 
So, he took the opportunity to make a request. “I’ll take the medicine, but can you stay and sleep with me? It’s too cold, and I can’t fall asleep.” 
Skylar looked down at him, feeling like he was being quite shameless. 
Just then, Paul entered the room with the medicine in hand. “Mrs. Martin, I got the medicine.” 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
X 
###chapter994
 996
Paul came just in time. So, Skylar gave him a smile. 
He was a bit surprised to see Skylar smiling. 
“Please give the medicine to Mr. Martin now,” Skylar said. 
Then, Paul immediately poured the liquid medicine as instructed. When he handed it to Joe, he said, “Mr. Martin, this one tastes pretty good. It has a fruity taste. 
He had chosen from several options, and this one seemed to be the easiest to drink, something even kids would. 
“Fruity?” Skylar was curious. 
The medicine had a fruity flavor? 
She then stared at Joe. But the more she looked, the more she couldn’t hold back. In the end, she laughed. 
It seemed Joe was even more difficult to deal with than a child. He needed to be coaxed to take medicine, and it had to be something without a strong aftertaste. 
Joe’s face darkened as he looked at Skylar laughing. Then, he cast a cold glance at Paul. That look made Paul’s heart skip a beat. 
He wondered if he had done something wrong. 
Probably not. 
Hopefully not. 
Joe noticed Skylar was still laughing. So, his ears started to turn red. He grabbed the medicine from Paul and downed it in one go while keeping his eyes fixed on her. 
He couldn’t really taste anything, but an odd feeling in his mouth made him uncomfortable. 
Skylar then handed him a glass of water. “Drink some water, it’ll make your throat feel better.” 
Joe looked at the glass before him, the 
at Skylar, before taking it and sipping the water slowly. The warm 
water really eased the unpleasant feeling in his mouth. 
“Well, Mr. Martin, Mrs. Martin, I’ll head out now. If you need anything, just give me a call.” Then, Paul quickly made his exit. 
With Skylar there, he didn’t have to worry anymore. 
Before either of them could respond, he had already closed the door behind him. 
Now, it was just Skylar and Joe in the room. 
Joe felt a little dizzy from the fever but still couldn’t sleep. With Skylar there, he knew he didn’t want to just settle for less. He knew he would sleep better if he could hold her. 
“It’s getting late. Let’s sleep,” Joe said. 
Skylar glanced at the time. It was indeed late. “Okay, I’ll take a shower first.” 
“No need.” 
Joe grabbed Skylar’s wrist and pulled her straight onto the bed. 
She didn’t expect him to still have the strength to pull her since he was sick. 
“I need to change into my pajamas,” Skylar said helplessly. 
How could he be so clingy when he was sick? He wasn’t like this before. 
But after she spoke, there was no response from Joe Looking more closely, she realized he had already closed his eyes and was practically glued to her. 
His body temperature was still high. So, after just being hugged for a while, she felt herself starting to 
sweat. 
She had just returned and hadn’t even changed into her pajamas, but he didn’t seem to care and had fallen asleep right away! 
Fine, he was sick, after all. So, she wouldn’t argue with him. Besides, Skylar was really tired, too. 
In just a few minutes, the room was filled with their steady breathing. 
Later that night, Skylar woke up once more, feeling groggy. She noticed that Joe’s body wasn’t as warm as before. So, she drifted back to sleep again. 
###chapter995
 997
At that time, there was someone else who couldn’t sleep–Vera, who was staying at the same hotel. 
She was staring at her phone for a long time. She had sent multiple messages to Joe, but he had yet to respond to any of them. 
It was now 3:00 am. She should have been sleeping, but she simply couldn’t. She kept wondering why Joe was ignoring her. 
Everything had gone well that previous morning. 
They had talked like they used to years ago, even making plans to meet up with their former classmates once they returned to Jipsburg. But now, his lack of response since the afternoon felt like a silent rejection, making her feel like all her efforts over the past few days were in vain. 
“Joe, what are you thinking? How can someone like you let Skylar get close to you without realizing she’s deceiving you?” 
The more Vera thought about it, the more awake she became, unable to fall asleep. So, she made a call in 
frustration. 
“Didn’t you say that as long as I kept wearing the ring and spent more time with Joe, it would make it harder for him to resist me? 
“But it seems that even though we’ve met several times and each time lasted longer, he doesn’t seem to be changing at all!” Vera vented all her frustrations in one breath. 
“That’s impossible. When you first met him, didn’t he choose to go to the hospital with you after you got sick instead of taking his wedding photos? That clearly shows that it’s the ring’s effect. You must stay calm and not lose control,” Molly replied calmly. 
Hearing Molly’s words, Vera’s expression improved slightly, but her patience was wearing thin. 
“How much longer will it take before Joe realizes Skylar’s true nature?” 
“It shouldn’t take much longer. They must have been suspicious of each other lately; their relationship is likely already affected. In addition to the ring’s influence, they will likely divorce once they return to Jipsburg. 
“You and Joe have always had feelings for each other. If it hadn’t been for Skylar, the two of you would have been together long ago. Now, we’re just putting things back in their places.” 
Molly’s words seemed to have some kind of magic. 
Even though they were far apart, her voice over the phone made Vera believe in her. 
Vera looked down at the ring on her finger, finding it more beautiful the more she looked at it. Wearing it felt like she was on a mission–not only just being with Joe but also to help him see Skylar’s true and vile 
nature. 
After ending the call, Vera thought of something else and immediately opened the Amazon app. 
She saw a message from the shop asking her to cancel her order, saying they couldn’t appraise her ring. A friend recommended this shop, saying it was very reliable for appraisals and that if she was uncertain about any antiques, she should consult them. 
The response from the shop had been slow lately, but she had waited patiently. 
But now? They irresponsibly told her to cancel the order, claiming they couldn’t appraise it! 
217 
It seemed that these online stores were unreliable and falsely advertised their services. In the end, she had to cancel her order. 
She had chosen to get the ring appraised online to avoid letting anyone know about her doubts, especially Molly. But now, after reflecting on her recent interactions with Joe, both in Fachington and in Jipsburg, it seemed that he was indeed changing. 
It turned out that Skylar’s skills were nothing compared to Molly’s. Vera thought she should have gone to Molly when her family was in trouble. 
There seemed to be someone even more powerful behind Molly. 
It was a shame that her family had lost 20 million dollars! 
The following morning, Skylar woke up half an hour later than Jpe. 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
Play 
###chapter996
 998
When Skylar opened her eyes, she was greeted by Joe’s incredibly refined and handsome face. They were extremely close to each other–so close that she could feel his breath. 
Then, Skylar realized something. Their sleeping positions had changed. Initially, Joe had been holding her, but now, she was the one clinging to him. 
She was wrapped around him like a koala, with her leg draped over him. No wonder Joe was staring at her.. 
“Do you like holding me that much?” he asked. 
Skylar quickly pulled her leg back. “Isn’t it you who likes holding me more?” 
f 
Joe was momentarily stunned, but then, he admitted with complete openness. “You’re really comfortable to hold. Holding you makes me want to sleep.” 
“Looks like you’re all better now,” Skylar muttered. 
Although she knew what he meant, she still thought his shamelessness had reached a new level. 
Joe continued to stare at her intently, making Skylar feel a bit uneasy. 
“What are you looking at?” 
Suddenly, Joe flipped over, pinning her beneath him, and without another word, leaned down to kiss her passionately. 
The kiss made Skylar feel dizzy, and things quickly spiraled out of control. 
After a long while, Skylar kicked Joe lightly while covered in sweat and feeling exhausted. “You must have gone crazy!” she scolded. 
He had just recovered from a fever, yet here he was, jumping straight into bed with her in the morning. 
Did he think he was made out of steel? But she had to admit that his stamina was impressive. 
“You enjoyed it too,” Joe said casually; his post–activity mood had always been quite pleasant. 
Skylar shot him a glare and tried to get up to take a shower, but Joe held her tight, making it impossible 
for her to move. 
“Let go of me. I need a shower,” Skylar demanded. 
“Shower later. I don’t mind,” Joe said, unsure what he was feeling, but he didn’t want her out of sight just 
yet. 
Perhaps it was the passion they shared during their activity–when their bodies and souls seemed to align perfectly. He seemed addicted to that feeling. 
Skylar sighed deeply. “Perhaps you don’t mind, but I do. You’re covered in sweat.” 
Joe’s expression darkened instantly. 
Suddenly, he thought of Aiken. So, he gave her a firm kiss and said, “Since you still have energy, let’s go 
for another round.” 
What was going on with this woman? How could she reject him right after their session? 
Skylar tried to push him away a few times but couldn’t move him. The current Joe seemed completely different, almost like a wild beast, relentless and fierce 
By the time they were done, Skylar felt like her entire body had been dismantled. She didn’t even have the strength to move, let alone shower. 
Finally, after two hours, she mustered up enough energy to get up and take a shower. 
When she was done and dressed, it was already noon. She didn’t even have breakfast. 
Looking over at Joe, who was sitting nearby, working and talking on the phone, she muttered under her breath, “A wolf in sheep’s clothing.” 
If she had known that the first thing he’d do after recovering was to torment her, she wouldn’t have convinced him to take the medicine last night. 
It seemed like he heard her complaint as he glanced over at her with a look filled with aggression. 
That look reminded her of the one he had given her earlier when their passions had overtaken them. It was as if he was trying to pierce straight through her heart. 
Skylar’s heart sank. 
Joe had been behaving quite differently both last night and this morning. It was almost as if… 
. 
###chapter997
 999
. 
It was as if Joe was looking for proof that Skylar loved him. 
A knock came on the door as she was about to delve further into her thoughts. 
“Mr. Martin, Mrs. Martin, lunch is ready. You may go upstairs to eat.” Paul’s voice came from the door. 
Skylar glanced at Joe, who was still on the phone and walked over to open the door. 
“Mr..Martin is still busy,” she said. 
Paul noticed she didn’t look too happy and wasn’t sure if she and Joe had argued. So, he just smiled and said, “Okay, I’ll let them know to serve the food later. Is there anything in particular you’d like to eat, Mrs. 
Martin?” 
“No, I’m fine with anything,” Skylar replied honestly. 
She really didn’t have much of an appetite at the moment. Skipping breakfast and using up all her energy had left her without any sense of hunger. 
Paul wisely chose not to ask further. 
Seeing Skylar in such a bad mood, he figured that Joe might not be in the best mood either, so he needed to stay on high alert. 
S 
“Let’s go for lunch now,” Joe said after he was done with his call. He walked toward the door, naturally taking Skylar’s hand in his.. 
As Joe approached, Paul suddenly realized that while Skylar didn’t seem too happy, Joe looked utterly 
content. 
He appeared relaxed and in good spirits, unlike someone who had just had a fever the night before. There was a palpable sense of inner joy radiating from him. 
What was going on? Paul couldn’t quite figure out the situation. 
Moments later, Skylar and Joe arrived at the restaurant on the 26th floor. 
Since Paul had already ordered, the dishes were served as soon as they sat down. 
Skylar gradually found her appetite as she ate silently, not speaking to Joe and keeping her head down. 
Meanwhile, Joe knew exactly why she was upset. It was his fault for being too rough earlier and not holding himself back. So, he had hurt her in the process. 
“It was my fault earlier,” he admitted. 
Skylar was a bit surprised that he would take the initiative to apologize. 
“Is there anywhere you want to go? We can head out after lunch,” Joe continued, his voice gentle and full of affection. 
Skylar’s anger started to subside a little. “Don’t you have anything in the afternoon?” 
“No, I just want to spend time with you,” Joe replied, his tone was patient and accommodating. It was completely different from the ruthless way he acted that morning. 
Skylar had a few places in mind, so she pulled her phone out and showed him some photos. “I did some research before coming here, and there are a few places I want to visit.” 
“Alright, we’ll visit all of them,” Joe said generously. He knew he had to make up for his actions earlier. 
212 
Just then, someone suddenly approached and stood in front of them. 
Sensing someone nearby, Skylar looked up only to see Vera standing before them. 
What a coincidence. 
The moment Joe saw Vera, his smile faded. 
“What a coincidence, I didn’t expect to see you here,” Vera said. Then, she sat down beside Skylar without asking if she could join them. 
Skylar’s face turned cold. Fortunately, she was almost done with lunch. It seemed that Joe wouldn’t have time to go out with her now, so she might as well go on her own. 
Dabbing the corners of her mouth with a napkin, Skylar stood up. “I’m done. You two continue.” 
Vera seemed a bit surprised by Skylar’s sudden departure. “Skylar, are you going out later? Why don’t we go together?” 
Hearing this, Skylar glanced at Vera. It was then that she saw the ring on Vera’s hand. 
2 
###chapter998
 1000
Vera seemed to notice Skylar’s gaze and quickly hid her hand under the table, letting her wide sleeves Cover her fingers. Her heart sank at that moment. 
How could she forget about the ring? 
The moment she saw Skylar, she should have taken it off. 
Did Skylar notice it? No, she was wearing more than one ring, including one on her index finger. So, it might not have stood out too much. 
“It’s okay. I already have plans,” Skylar directly declined, shifting her gaze away from Vera’s hand. 
Vera had moved her hand too quickly for Skylar to take a good look, but it seemed like she was wearing an emerald ring, which looked old and somewhat familjar. 
However, most emerald rings looked similar, and since Skylar had only caught a glimpse, she couldn’t 
make out the details. 
Vera didn’t seem upset about Skylar’s refusal. Instead, she turned to Joe and said, “What about you, Joe? Do you have plans today?” 
2 
Skylar had heard enough and decided to walk away. As she left, she heard Joe say, “I already have plans with her. Weren’t you feeling unwell yesterday? Get some rest.” 
Vera didn’t seem satisfied with Joe’s response. “I sent you a few messages yesterday, but you didn’t reply. Were you really busy?” she asked, revealing the ring again since Skylar was no longer around. 
Molly had told her that the ring had to appear frequently in front of Joe for it to be effective. 
Joe just glanced at her and responded with a noncommittal hum. 
“Alright then. I’ll rest at the hotel today. Actually, I really wanted to visit the places we used to go together. But I’ll be returning to Jipsburg in a few days, and I’m not sure when we’ll meet again,” Vera said, her voice filled with hope and longing. 
However, Joe just lowered his gaze and didn’t respond. 
Vera’s heart raced. She wasn’t sure if the ring would work to stop Joe from going out with Skylar. However, she couldn’t push their conversation any further as it would only put her in a passive position. 
Suddenly, Joe stood up and looked down at Vera. “Maybe in a couple of days if there’s time.” 
As he left, he glanced at the ring on her hand. “Nice ring.” 
Vera kept her expression calm and said, “A friend gave it to me. I’m just wearing it for fun.” 
She didn’t expect Joe to pay attention to women’s accessories. 
But as Molly had said, there was nothing wrong with him noticing the ring. He wouldn’t figure anything out. 
In fact, if he looked closely, it would be even better. 
“Are you interested in these accessories?” she asked, lifting her hand slightly to give him a clearer view. 
Joe did look at the ring a bit longer, but his voice was cold and detached when he said, “It might suit Skylar.” 
With that, he turned and strode away. 
Vera couldn’t seem to process what he had said at first. But after he left, it hit her. 
What did he just say? →→ 
The ring would suit Skylar? 
He actually said it would suit Skylar? Vera’s expression turned dark instantly. 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
Playb 
###chapter999
 1001
Vera said, “What is Joe thinking? Is he planning to buy the same ring for Skylar? What exactly did Skylar do to him? Just thinking about how Skylar pretended to leave earlier makes me think she’s scheming.” 
At that moment, Vera’s eyes were filled with jealousy as she stared at the lavish food remaining on the table. If there had been a mirror in front of her, she would have been frightened by her own distorted expression. 
Unknowingly, her thoughts had spiraled out of her control, becoming easily enraged and jealous. 
344 
When Skylar returned to her room to grab something and prepared to leave, Joe came back right. 
Seeing Skylar about to leave, he raised an eyebrow and asked, “Didn’t we agree to go out together? Who are you leaving me for?” 
“I thought you were planning to go out with Vera. I assumed you two had plans,” Skylar countered. 
Joe’s face darkened. “When did I ever say I was going out with her?” 
Skylar was momentarily speechless. Indeed, he hadn’t mentioned any plans with Vera. 
Skylar wondered if he was planning to leave Vera behind. 
“From now on, if you have any questions, just ask me directly. My relationship with Vera isn’t what you think. You should explain whether something is going on between you and Aiken,” Joe asked directly. 
Skylar hadn’t expected Joe to turn his focus onto her and Aiken. She froze and replied coldly, “I’ve told you before. Aiken and I are just friends.” 
She didn’t understand why Joe kept misunderstanding her relationship with Aiken. To her, Aiken was like a brother, similar to Steven. Moreover, Aiken had someone he loved. She was now married and was self- aware enough not to have any thoughts about other men. 
Seeing Skylar’s calm attitude, Joe felt a bit of relief. He said, “Let’s go then. Wherever you want.” 
“Okay.” 
In a fairly ordinary four–star hotel in Jipsburg City, a middle–aged man and a young woman entered one after the other. 
They deliberately wanted to keep their visit here a secret, so someone else booked the room on their behalf. 
Jenny walked in right after Edwin. The moment she entered, Edwin pushed her against the wall. 
Jenny struggled fiercely, pushing Edwin away with all her strength. 
“Mr. Martin, I agreed to meet you this time to clarify that everything between us is in the past. I’m now Rowan’s girlfriend and cannot do anything to hurt him. If he finds out that I was with you before, he would break up with me,” Jenny said firmly, biting her lip. 
Recently, Rowan had been increasingly downcast. It seemed to be due to problems with a company he had started with a friend. 
After facing setbacks, there was a chance that Rowan might return to the Jakeman family, which would make her the future Mrs. Jakeman. 
Although Rowan’s attitude toward her wasn’t as attentive as before, she was confident he would still marry her once he returned to his family. 
However, after Edwin ran into her shopping with friends a few days ago, he called her wanting to meet. She knew she couldn’t avoid him this time and arranged for him to find a small hotel so they wouldn’t run into anyone they knew. 
Edwin sneered upon hearing her words. “You want to marry Rowan? How na?ve are you? The Jakeman family will never accept you. Rowan is just playing with you. Do you really think he would give up being the heir of the Jakeman family for you?” 
“Mr. Martin, you don’t understand our relationship. He is sincere with me,” Jenny said, her face paling. Both Edwin and Minerva looked down on her, believing the Jakeman family would never accept her. She continued, “If Skylar can marry Joe, why can’t I? Our backgrounds are similar.” 
Hearing Skylar’s name, Edwin’s face twisted with disgust. “You’re not like her. She’s someone Mrs. Martin Senior insisted Joe marry. Can you find another Skylar? Or do you have her skills to get into Mr. Gardner Senior’s team? Whatever you say today is useless. Have your injuries healed?” 
? 
###chapter1000
Jenny’s eyes flushed crimson, stung by the weight of Edwin’s belittlement. She didn’t believe she was as worthless as he implied. While she might not possess Skylar’s rare talent for appraising and restoring antiques—nor her effortless ability to keep the formidable Gloria happy—Jenny viewed herself as kind-hearted and pure.
Moreover, she possessed a fresh, youthful beauty that often caught the eyes of talent scouts on the street. In her own mind, she was in no way inferior.
“Mr. Martin, I truly cannot continue with this,” Jenny pleaded, her voice trembling. “Please, find someone else. There are countless models and actresses in Jipsburg who would be more than willing to accompany you. Why must you choose me?”
Edwin, however, had long since lost his patience. “And how many of those women are truly innocent? You have no idea how many men they’ve been through to get where they are. You’re different.”
He wasn't entirely sure why, but lately, his thoughts had been occupied by her more than usual. She was young, attractive, and possessed a natural knack for pleasing. Perhaps men of his age were simply drawn to that specific brand of youthful energy.
Jenny took a deep, shuddering breath and turned to leave. “I really can’t!”
“If you dare walk out that door, I’ll make sure Rowan sees the photos of you coming here to meet me by tomorrow morning,” Edwin threatened, a dark smirk playing on his lips. “Think very carefully about the consequences.”
Jenny froze, her expression shifting to one of sheer terror. “Mr. Martin…”
“It’s not as if this is your first time. Stop pretending,” Edwin said dismissively. “Once you’re married to Rowan, I’ll have no reason to bother you. In fact, once the deal is done, I’ll transfer a generous sum to your account. You stand only to benefit here. Think it through.”
Edwin had a practiced knack for handling women like her. He knew that while they might resist with words, a well-placed bit of pressure would eventually force them into line.
Jenny remained rooted to the spot. She didn't dare take the risk; she knew Edwin was a man of his word when it came to his threats. She looked back at him, her voice hollow. “You promise? If I marry Rowan, you’ll never come after me again?”
“I always keep my word,” Edwin replied smoothly.

Meanwhile, in Fachington, Skylar and Joe had spent the entire afternoon lost in the joy of the city. They only returned to their hotel after a leisurely dinner, as the night sky settled over the streets.
Skylar was still buzzing from the day’s excitement, scrolling through the photos on her phone. There were pictures of her and Joe together, solo shots against iconic backdrops, and spontaneous captures of the local scenery.
After hours of walking, her feet were aching. Joe noticed her wincing slightly as she remained engrossed in her screen. “Want to take a shower first?” he asked.
Skylar looked up from a chat with Charles and smiled. “You go ahead. I want to finish talking to Charles for a bit longer.”
“Okay.”
A few minutes later, the rhythmic sound of the shower echoed from the bathroom. Skylar glanced toward the door, seeing Joe’s silhouette through the frosted glass. She paused for a moment, a sense of warmth washing over her, before returning to her conversation with Charles.
Charles had just wrapped up a major film project and was taking a week off before diving into his next role.
“I’ve transferred some money to your account,” Charles texted. “If you find a bag you like while you're out there, buy it. And if you want a second one for yourself, go ahead—it’s on me.”
He had noticed how much emphasis female celebrities placed on their accessories and thought Skylar deserved the best. Now that he had the financial means, he wanted to make sure she was taken care of.
Skylar couldn't help but smile at his protectiveness. “Charles, I’m earning my own way now. If I see something I love, I can get it myself. Save your money for when you find a wife.”
Charles replied almost instantly. “I’m focused entirely on my career right now. Marriage isn't on my radar. Be prepared, Skylar—I may never get married at all.”
Charles wasn't joking. His commitment to his craft was absolute, leaving little room for the complications of a personal life.
 
###chapter1001
 
The more women Charles met, the more he realized that finding someone he could truly trust—someone he actually wanted to marry—was becoming a near impossibility. In his eyes, people these days were far too focused on what they could gain rather than what they could give.
Skylar had discussed these views with him before. At the time, she thought he was being far too rigid, lumping every woman into the same cynical category. She suspected he simply hadn’t met the right person yet. She often teased him that once he finally fell in love, he would look back at his current declarations with a fair amount of embarrassment.
They didn’t talk much longer. Joe finished his shower and stepped out of the bathroom, the steam clinging to his skin. Skylar, feeling sticky and uncomfortable after a long day of walking through the Fachington heat, headed in to take her turn.
Halfway through her shower, the steady drone of the water was interrupted by a faint knock at the door. She vaguely heard Joe answering it, followed by the low murmur of muffled voices. The running water drowned out the specifics, so she couldn't make out a single word.
By the time she dried off and stepped out, Joe had already traded his pajamas for a clean T-shirt and trousers. Skylar raised an eyebrow in surprise. “Are you going out?”
Given how much they had walked that day, she had assumed he’d be as exhausted as she was.
“Yeah, a few old classmates happen to be visiting Fachington. I’m going to head down and meet up with them for a bit,” Joe replied, adjusting his collar in the mirror.
Skylar nodded while she began brushing her damp hair. She figured Joe probably wouldn't be back until dawn; those kinds of reunions had a tendency to stretch through the night.
Once her hair was dry, Skylar settled onto the bed and dialed Natalie.
“Today was absolutely packed with scenes for Mr. Powell,” Natalie groaned into the phone, her voice thick with fatigue. “He didn't even have a chance to sit down for lunch. For dinner, he only managed a few bites of salad between takes. As his assistant, I’ve been on my feet since sunrise. Working life is no joke.”
Skylar chuckled softly. “You really do care about him, don’t you?”
Lately, Natalie’s conversations always seemed to revolve around Austin Powell. Skylar couldn't help but wonder if this was still the simple admiration of a fan, or if something deeper was beginning to take root.
“Of course I do!” Natalie replied quickly. “I’ve told you how dedicated he is. Someone with his status doesn’t need to push himself this hard. He could easily demand a break for a proper meal, but he refuses to hold up the crew or make things difficult for the director. He just skips it and keeps going.”
“Mr. Powell is certainly a professional,” Skylar agreed.
“Exactly! And I have to be just as professional. Even when I’m dead tired, I have to push through. Thankfully, the shoot is almost over—less than a month left and I’ll be back in Jipsburg. By the way, when are you and Joe heading home?”
“In about five days,” Skylar said.
“Let’s make sure to meet up before you leave,” Natalie insisted.
“Definitely. It’s getting late, Nat. Get some rest.” Skylar yawned, her own exhaustion finally catching up to her.
“Goodnight.”
Just as Skylar was about to set her phone on the nightstand, it buzzed twice with new WhatsApp messages. She opened the app to find they were from Vera.
It seemed Vera’s behavior was becoming predictably irritating. Once again, the messages contained nothing but photos.
The first was a selfie of Vera in the front passenger seat of a car, with Joe visible in the back. The second showed the two of them in a dimly lit, atmospheric bar, both holding drinks. Joe’s expression was difficult to read in the shadowy lighting, but Vera was smiling brilliantly at the camera.
Vera had always been a stunning beauty—the kind of woman who could command a room with a single glance. In that intimate, low-light setting, her features looked even more captivating. Even as her rival, Skylar had to admit that Vera possessed a powerful allure. It was no wonder men found it hard to look away.
Skylar stared at the photo of Joe for a long moment, then let out a sharp, mocking scoff. Without a single word of reply to Vera, she hit the forward button and sent both pictures directly to Joe.
###chapter1002
 1004
During the day, Joe had insisted that he had no relationship with Vera, but now they were out together at a bar. It was clear he was lying, thinking she had no evidence. 
“Joe, I’m not stupid. Thanks to Ms. Ruell for providing the photos,” Skylar texted. 1 
After sending the message, she turned off her phone and went to sleep. 
In a dimly lit bar, Joe had downed two drinks. He felt indifferent as he watched his old classmates, who had all changed over the years. 
As he set his glass down and prepared to leave, he felt his phone vibrate. Pulling it out, he saw the photos and message from Skylar, and his face darkened immediately. He turned his sharp gaze toward Vera. 
When Vera met Joe’s intense stare, her heart skipped a beat. She wondered why he was looking at her with such a frightening expression. 
She asked, “Joe, what’s wrong?” 
The atmosphere was lively just now. A group of old classmates had gathered and shared a few drinks. They reminisced about their high school days and current lives, making it feel like those events happened just yesterday. 
In such a great atmosphere, she wondered why Joe was suddenly looking at her with such a terrifying expression. It made her heart race, and an inexplicable fear overwhelmed her. 
Joe stood up and said, “We need to talk outside.” 
“Outside? Okay.” Vera was initially taken aback, but then a wave of excitement washed over her. She wondered if he remembered their past from high school. 
Those innocent and na?ve feelings from their youth would always be a cherished memory– something that no one could ever replace. 
Today might be the day when she and Joe finally reconciled. With that thought, Vera followed Joe outside. 
The noise from the bar ceased as soon as they stepped outside. The street was eerily quiet compared to the bar’s liveliness, with only a few pedestrians around. 
Vera had dressed lightly for the evening, and the sudden breeze made her wrap her coat tighter. 
“Is there something you need to tell me? There’s no one else around now, so we can talk,” Vera said with a touch of haughtiness. 
In her mind, as long as Joe took the initiative, she could afford to be accommodating. She could never afford to be at a disadvantage in front of him. 
Joe didn’t look at her, but his profile exuded a sharp coldness. “Did you specifically take a photo of just the two of us and send it to Skylar?” 
Vera’s face went pale, her disbelief evident as she stared at Joe. She was at a loss for words. He wondered how he had found out. Did Skylar go to him? 
This was supposed to be their issue, but Skylar had gone to Joe. Just as she suspected, Skylar was a schemer. She glanced at her ring and quickly regained her composure. 
She replied, “Yes, I didn’t think it through. Besides, I haven’t chatted much with Skylar since we added each other on WhatsApp. 
“I wanted to maintain our friendship, and she might be curious about your whereabouts tonight. If this has caused any trouble, it’s my fault. I’ll explain everything to Skylar.” 
Joe’s cold gaze remained fixed on Vera. Her heart, which had just settled, began to race again. 
If Joe were looking at her with affection, she would definitely respond. But now, he seemed to be trying to see through her. 
It felt as though, in front of Joe, no matter what she thought or felt, everything would be laid bare. 
She looked down at the ring on her finger. With the ring, she hoped that Joe would slowly rekindle his feelings for her rather than suspect and doubt her, 
With that thought, her tense heart eased a little. 
Joe said, “I’ll talk to her. You don’t need to contact her yourself.” 
After saying this, Joe walked toward the car parked nearby. 
Vera, belatedly realizing what was happening, rushed after him. But just a few steps out, she saw Joe’s car already pulling away from the parking spot and speeding off. 
###chapter1003
 1005
In the blink of an eye, Joe disappeared from view. Vera stood frozen in place. Her vibrant, striking face paled even more under the streetlights and the moonlight. 
She couldn’t believe Joe had just driven away like that. He left her standing there, just like that. 
It felt like all her pride was crushed at that moment as if it no longer mattered. 
Her dignity and logic screamed at her that Joe must have assumed she wanted to stay with her old classmates, which was why he didn’t ask if she needed a ride back to the hotel. 
Of course, he wasn’t rushing off to see Skylar. He didn’t care about Skylar that much. 
But still, Joe shouldn’t have left her alone like this. Even if sending the picture to Skylar was wrong, he shouldn’t have treated her like that. 
Her anger boiled over. Without thinking, Vera pulled out her phone and sent Skylar a message on 
WhatsApp. 
“I never imagined you’d be such a petty, small–minded person. I sent you that picture because it was between us. Joe has nothing to do with it. This just proves you’ve got bad intentions. I know you used shady tactics to get with Joe, and one day he’ll see your true colors. Skylar, you’d better watch yourself.” 
Skylar had fallen asleep almost immediately after getting into bed. With her phone turned off, she received no calls or message notifications. 
On his way back to the hotel, Joe called Skylar several times, but every call went straight to voicemail. His face remained stormy as he arrived at the hotel. When he opened the door of the room, the darkness, inside caught him off guard. He raised an eyebrow, surprised. 
He turned on the flashlight on his phone and walked further into the room. The sound of Skylar’s steady breathing reached him from the bed. 
On the drive back, Joe had already planned how to calm Skylar’s jealousy and explain the whole situation about tonight’s reunion. He hadn’t expected her to fall asleep. Joe stared at Skylar’s face, her long lashes casting shadows under the dim light. There was no trace of the jealousy in her expression. 
It was as if the picture she sent and her accusatory messages didn’t even matter. Joe chuckled, shaking his head. She really was carefree. 
Skylar slept peacefully through the night. 
When she woke up the following day and saw Joe lying beside her, she was a bit surprised. She hadn’t noticed when he came back last night. She had slept too deeply. 
Carefully getting out of bed, she grabbed her phone and went to the bathroom. 
The moment she turned it on, notifications popped up several missed calls and new messages on WhatsApp. 
After she had sent that photo to Joe and asked about it, he had called her multiple times. There were also WhatsApp messages from him. 
“Vera arrived half an hour ago. There were five people in total last night.” 
He had also sent a screenshot from one of his classmates‘ Instagram stories. Sure enough, Vera was in 
###chapter1004
 1006
Skylar couldn’t help but be speechless after reading Vera’s message. She wondered who Vera thought she was, acting so high and mighty. 
Putting aside whether Vera had the right to say that, her attempt to smear others and appear righteous. was simply absurd. 
Skylar decided it wasn’t worth responding. She tossed her phone aside and began her morning routine. 
20 minutes later, she emerged from the bathroom. She caught Joe’s gaze as he looked at her, and their eyes locked. 
Skylar didn’t know what to say, so she remained silent with a stern expression. Seeing this, Joe broke the silence first. “Vera’s appearance at the bar last night was purely coincidental.” 
“I saw your message and understand the situation now. I realize I was wrong about you,” Skylar replied. 
Joe noticed Skylar’s calm demeanor and suddenly felt his emotions stir. “So, the photo you forwarded me last night wasn’t out of jealousy?” 
The photo was ambiguous enough to be misunderstood. Even Joe had been a bit confused last night. 
But Skylar’s current calm demeanor now seemed to suggest she wasn’t bothered at all and was only concerned with the fairness of their marriage. It was clear he was upset about her closeness with Aiken, and the photo was her way of questioning him. 
Otherwise, she seemed devoid of any real emotional turmoil. 
Skylar was momentarily taken aback by Joe’s mention of jealousy. It was true that seeing Joe and Vera together had stirred something in her. It must have been jealousy. But… 
“Is it really that important whether I was jealous or not?” 
Joe was momentarily speechless. He felt a surge of agitation that left him profoundly uncomfortable. He threw off the covers, and quickly got out of bed. Then, he bypassed Skylar as he headed straight for the 
bathroom. 
As Skylar was about to change her clothes, Joe suddenly reopened the bathroom door. Skylar turned at the sound, and Joe said, “Wait for me. Let’s have breakfast together.” 
Before Skylar could respond, he shut the door again. 
Skylar’s lips twitched in exasperation. At least Joe showered quickly. She decided not to press the matter and waited for him to join her. 
After changing into her clothes and applying light makeup, she was ready. 
Joe emerged from the bathroom shortly after, dressed swiftly. They had breakfast together. 
During the meal, Mike reached out, asking if they wanted to schedule a session to finish the remaining. wedding photos. 
Skylar was no longer interested and had lost all excitement about it. However, Joe agreed after a few seconds of silence. After breakfast, they went downstairs directly. 
Joe opened the car door for Skylar to get in first. This scene didn’t go unnoticed by Vera. 
After returning from the bar last night, she had spent another sleepless night. 
While she was staring out at the balcony, she saw Joe’s gentlemanly gesture toward Skylar. Her face 
turned pale and darkened with frustration. 
She couldn’t understand why, despite Skylar’s manipulativ
###chapter1005
 1007
Rowan, Aiken, and even people from the Ruell family, as well as Alexander, George, and Frank, all spoke highly of Skylar. They elevated her to a status of great admiration. Now, Joe was doing the same. 
Vera wondered why everyone seemed to hold Skylar in such high regard. She wondered if it was due to Skylar’s ability to restore antiques and handle negative items. 
Vera wondered if anyone had considered that Skylar might be responsible for many of these problems. It seemed impossible that so many supposedly harmful negative items could appear in Jipsburg City without any connection to her. Vera couldn’t believe it was merely a coincidence. 
As Molly had said, many of Jipsburg’s recent disturbances were related to Skylar. Without her, the Ruell family might not have faced their recent troubles.” 
“Skylar, I’ll be watching closely to see how long you can keep up this charade. Soon, someone will reveal your true nature. You better stay away from Jipsburg, or I’ll make sure you understand the consequences 
of crossing me. 
“And Joe won’t be able to tolerate your deception and manipulation for long. I know your marriage to Joe is thanks to Mrs. Martin Senior. Once she sees your true colors, who will you rely on?” 
As Vera prepared to leave the balcony, she noticed her reflection in a mirror on the table. The mirror showed her face contorted with rage and jealousy, her eyes burning with envy. 
The sight was shocking and horrifying. She stiffened, staring at the reflection as if it were a stranger. 
“How did I become so twisted? I’m supposed to be admired as a member of the Ruell family. How could I be so jealous of Skylar?” 
While she muttered to herself, she suddenly realized someone was watching her. She turned sharply toward the balcony and saw… 
“Paul? You’re staying next door to me?” 
Paul looked at Vera with a complex expression. “There was an issue with the room I was originally staying in, so the staff moved me to this room.“, 
He had only been on the balcony for a few minutes. Paul was somewhat surprised to see Vera on the balcony. However, he hadn’t expected Vera to be muttering to herself with such conviction. 
With the wind today, he hadn’t caught every word. He could vaguely hear mentions of Skylar, her true nature, and her jealousy toward Skylar. 
To him, Vera had always been an arrogant and imperious figure. Yet, there was something disconcertingly unfamiliar about her demeanor just now. 
Ever since he learned that Vera was also in Fachington and staying at this hotel, he sensed something 
was off. 
Vera’s face darkened. “So that’s how it is,” she said before making to leave the balcony. 
But then she paused as if recalling something important. 
Turning back to Paul, she said, “As Joe’s assistant, you need to stay calm and handle things with a clear mind. You should be aware of what Skylar is really like. Any issues concerning her should be directly reported to Joe. That way, Joe won’t be misled by Skylar.” 
Paul frowned and said, “Ms. Ruell, are you suggesting Mrs. Martin is deceiving Joe? I think you might be 
mistaken.” 
Paul suddenly understood why something had felt off earlier and why Vera had seemed so strange. When she spoke of Skylar, her disdain was evident, as if she saw Skylar as nothing but a fraud. 
“Skylar was able to marry Joe partly because of Mrs. Martin Senior, but she comes from an ordinary background. For Mrs. Martin Senior to look at her favorably and for Joe to agree to a flash marriage, there must be something more. 
“Skylar must have used some underhanded methods to achieve this. You should investigate her thoroughly,” Vera said, her brows furrowed. 
She didn’t want to elaborate further. She didn’t want Paul to think she was overly concerned with Joe. 
Paul’s frown deepened. “Ms. Ruell, you must be mistaken. Mrs. Martin acts with integrity and has never used any underhanded tactics.” 
Paul wondered if someone had misled Vera. Otherwise, she shouldn’t have such baseless suspicion about Skylar. 
###chapter1006
 1008
Natalie rushed to the airport three days later to see off Skylar. Seeing Skylar heading toward the airport terminal filled her with a sense of reluctance. She didn’t even glance at Joe, who stood beside Skylar. How come you’re leaving so soon? Didn’t you say you’d stay a couple more days?” 
Last night, they talked on the phone and said they could hang out for another couple more days, but this morning, she was told they were heading back to Jipsburg. 
Natalie had distanced herself from him since she learned about Joe’s behind–the–scenes entanglement with Vera. Anyone who wronged Skylar was her enemy. 
7 
“Mr. Gardner Senior said there’s an urgent matter that can’t wait. I need to get back as soon as possible. I’ll wait for you to come back to Jipsburg,” Skylar said as she embraced Natalie, feeling a tinge of sadness 
herself. 
Joe had work commitments too. 
During their time in Fachington, Joe had accumulated a lot of work back in Jipsburg. Garth and Ernest had recently been involved in many clandestine activities, creating numerous problems. Gloria’s health had also seemed to deteriorate in the past few days. 
With so many issues piling up, their trip had to be cut short. “Alright, see you back in Jipsburg,” Natalie 
said. 
As she was about to leave, she glanced at Joe, intending to say something. But she decided against it. thinking it might not be helpful for Skylar. She gave Joe a frustrated look and then averted her gaze. 
She watched as the two of them made their way into the airport terminal. 
Once they were inside, Joe asked, “Does Natalie have something against me? When did I offend her?” 
Skylar glanced back at the airport, noticing that Natalie had already left. 
It seemed that Natalie had picked up on the tension between her and Joe, leading to a bit of hostility toward him. Natalie had always been someone who fiercely stood against what she perceived as wrongdoing. 
Skylar smiled and said, “You might need to ask her yourself. I’m not really sure.” 
Joe’s brows furrowed, but he chose not to pursue the matter further. 
Inside the hotel, Vera, dressed in an elegant long gown, knocked a few times on the door. 
There was no response from the room. Over the past three days, Vera had scarcely seen Joe. 
Each time she tried to find him, he was either out with Skylar or had gone to bed early upon returning. 
Their paths had barely crossed. 
They also communicated via WhatsApp and had previously mentioned they could revisit the old places together. However, that opportunity hadn’t come until today. 
At that moment, a hotel staff member approached Vera and informed her, “The guests staying in this room checked out this morning.” 
“Checked out?” Vera was taken aback. 
Vera wondered if they had returned to Jipsburg or moved to another hotel. She hurried back to her room 
and knocked on the door of the adjacent room, but there was no answer. They had truly left. 
She immediately called Molly. “You’re lying to me.” 
“How could I possibly be lying?” Molly replied. 
###chapter1007
 1009
& 
Vera’s face darkened as she said, “Joe has been avoiding me these past few days, and today he even 
checked out and left. 
“I’m not sure if he’s gone back to Jipsburg or just moved to another hotel, but I do know now that your promise that he would eventually see Skylar’s true colors and come to love me is a joke.” 
Molly reassured her with patience. “Trust me, if Joe hasn’t seen you these past few days, there must be a reason for it. It’s possible Skylar is causing trouble or they had plans all along. Besides, it’s only been a few days abroad. Once you’re back in Jipsburg, things will work out as you wish.” 
“Fine, I’ll give you one more chance. But if Joe hasn’t developed feelings for me by next month, my family won’t let you off easily,” Vera warned. 
“Of course,” Molly said. 
In Pearlhall Residence, Gloria looked at the visitors with a stern expression. She wasn’t in the mood for any apologies or excuses. She wondered if they thought coming to see her would make a difference after their mistakes. 
“You coming to me now won’t help. I’m already nearing the end of my life, and my words don’t hold much weight anymore. Joe had always had his own mind. If he’s acting this way, it’s because you pushed him 
too far.” 
Ernest also had a grim look. For years, he had maintained a respectful demeanor toward Gloria, treating 
her with deference. 
Yet, after her rude behavior in the hospital, it was clear that he wasn’t receiving any respect in return. Now, facing her hostility again today only reinforced that perception. 
He took a deep breath before continuing, “With everything that’s happened recently, it’s not something that can be explained in just a few words. It’s impossible to say that Joe is entirely blameless. He’s been incredibly harsh with family, showing no regard for kinship. 
“He married an ordinary woman based on your advice, and now he’s been ruthless toward us. Isn’t that unreasonable? You’re the only person he respects. He listens to no one else. So, we need you to persuade 
him.” 
They came to plead for help but kept their airs of superiority. 
They downplayed their own mistakes, shifting the blame onto Joe and Gloria, which seemed more absurd and dramatic than any soap opera. 
Gloria’s face hardened as she sipped her lemon tea to calm her rising anger. “No one can persuade him at this point. Coming to me is futile. It seems you’re not here to seek help but to lay blame.” 
The thought of Joe facing such hostile family members after she left filled her with sorrow. 
“It’s rather disrespectful of you to say that, Gloria. We came here to have a serious discussion. After all, we share the same last name and are family. 
“If family members have their disagreements, that’s one thing. But when it becomes a public scandal, with everyone knowing, it’s truly embarrassing,” Ernest said, his voice rising. 
Ernest thought, “Did she really think Claudio couldn’t compare to Joe?” 
This time, they came to see her just to reduce some trouble. Starting something was always the hardest 
part. 
Now that Claudio wasn’t tied down, as long as Joe didn’t use underhanded tactics, Martin Group would eventually return to Claudio’s control. 
The scheming behind the scenes was meant to remain undisclosed. However, Ernest was displeased with having to deal with Gloria. 
Gloria took a deep breath and said to Edgar, “Please show them out. I’m tired.” 
“You!” Edwin’s face darkened immediately. 1 
Gloria stood up, looked at him coldly, and continued, “Don’t think you can outsmart Joe with your schemes. Out of respect for his grandfather’s wishes, he has been more than fair with you. If you want things to remain peaceful in the future, you should reflect on your own actions.” 
With that, she went upstairs. She was unwilling to spend any more time with Ernest, who had revealed his true nature. 
Ernest’s expression darkened. He realized that his visit had been futile. Gloria’s claim that Joe had been lenient with them seemed hollow. If that were true, he would allow Claudio to join the company. 
Words were one thing, but actions spoke louder. He was determined not to let this issue drop. If he couldn’t resolve it openly, he wouldn’t hesitate to use underhanded methods, When the time came, begging for favors would be useless. 
###chapter1008
 1010
Skylar and Joe rested for a day to adjust to the time difference after returning to Jipsburg. 
The next day, they each went about their business. Skylar bought some souvenirs as gifts for her colleagues. 
She then went to meet with Alexander. When Alexander saw Skylar, he looked somewhat apologetic. “I’m sorry for interrupting your honeymoon with Joe, but this is something only you can handle.” 
“We were actually planning to return within the next few days anyway, so it’s not a big deal. Mr. Gardner Senior, just let me know what the issue is, and I’ll see if I can help,” Skylar replied. 
Alexander nodded. “Only you can take care of this. It’s regarding your Grandma Viola.” 
“Grandma Viola?” Skylar echoed. 
“Didn’t she mention she would be coming back soon?” Alexander continued. 
Skylar nodded and looked at Alexander with growing concern. “Has there been any news about Grandma Viola?” 
“A few days ago, we received another letter delivered directly to my home. I’didn’t want to alarm anyone, so I waited for you to return,” Alexander said, his expression grave. 
He went to his desk and retrieved an envelope from a drawer. 
He took the letter from the envelope and said, “You should read this and see for yourself.” 
Skylar took the letter from Alexander’s hand and read it carefully. The letter was indeed written in Viola’s hand. 
Seeing Viola’s handwriting, Skylar’s expression mirrored Alexander’s seriousness. She struggled to believe what she was reading. “Why is Grandma Viola telling me to ignore these negative items now?” 
Alexander shook his head. “I can’t figure out why your Grandma Viola would give you such instructions She even mentioned that dealing with these negative items would lead you back into a nightmare. 
“What does that nightmare mean? Skye, take another look at this letter. Could it be that someone is mimicking Viola’s handwriting?” 
He hadn’t wanted to alarm anyone, so he hadn’t had the handwriting analyzed. 
However, after comparing the previous letter with this one over the past few days, he found no differences. They were identical. 
Skylar frowned tightly. “I can confirm that this is Grandma Viola’s genuine handwriting. Of course, someone could be imitating it. But for someone to mimic her writing this well, they’d have to know her handwriting extremely well. 
“Grandma Viola’s writing style has changed over the years. It’s different‘ from how it was 30 years ago. There’s no way anyone could perfectly replicate it now.” 
Her hand holding the letter grew cold, and her palm started to sweat. Skylar wondered if Viola was referring to her past life when she mentioned the nightmare. 
She wondered if “lead you back into the nightmare” meant she would return to her previous life and that this lifetime would turn out to be an illusion. 
An overwhelming sense of fear that she had never experienced before suddenly engulfed her. Alexander sighed heavily, not noticing the pallor that had taken over Skylar’s face. 
He reached into the envelope once more and pulled out a second letter. 
He said, 
This is the letter I received two days ago, also from your Grandma Viola. I’ve been hesitating to give it to you, but now that you’re sure it’s really from her, I can’t keep it from you any longer.” 
Ever since receiving the two letters back–to–back, Alexander hadn’t been able to sleep properly. He kept pondering what Viola was trying to do. 
He couldn’t figure out what her intentions were. Skylar took the letter from him, her already pale face now ghostly white. 
When she saw the words on the letter, the last traces of color drained completely from her face. 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>> 
###chapter1009
 1011
There were only two sentences written on the plain white paper. “Skye, you must divorce Joe within two weeks, or both of your lives will be at risk. Fate is unchangeable. Both of you aren’t meant to be.” 
Skylar’s heart tightened at the letter. 
Alexander sighed heavily, filled with concern. “You and Joe are both good kids. You’ve been married for a while now, and I know your bond runs deep. It’s incredibly unfair to ask you to divorce like this. But if Viola says your lives will be in danger if you stay together, then… 
“Sigh! I can’t even bring myself to tell Gloria about this. We spoke on the phone yesterday, and she’s not been feeling well lately. If she knew about this, she’d be heartbroken. I’m not sure how she’ll take it.” 
Truly, fate could be cruel. 
At his age, Alexander thought he had seen and understood everything. His emotions shouldn’t fluctuate so wildly anymore. But right now, he couldn’t help but feel a deep sorrow. 
Joe and Skylar had been through so much. 
The constant blows left Skylar unable to process everything. She looked down at the two letters in her hands, trying to prove they were forgeries. However, no matter how hard she looked, the letters were undeniably written by Viola herself. 
Viola had always been correct in everything she did. She had never made a mistake. Viola wouldn’t have written these letters if it wasn’t something important. 
The letters instructed her to avoid dealing with negative items and even suggested that she and Joe should divorce. 
“You should take these letters with you. Discuss them with Joe and make a decision. You still have two weeks. Also, think about how you will tell Gloria without upsetting her too much. Take some time off. You don’t need to come to work for the next few days,” Alexander said with genuine concern. 
Skylar nodded, unable to speak. 
A few minutes after Skylar left, Caleb pushed open the door and walked in. He looked at Alexander and asked, “Grandpa, what did you say to Skylar? Her face turned so pale, and she seemed deeply troubled. You didn’t regret giving her this break, did you?” 
Sometimes, older people could get really irritable. Caleb wondered if Alexander had snapped at Skylar. Alexander glared at Caleb. “What nonsense are you talking about? Get back to work. Do you think Skylar is like you? I wouldn’t be upset if I had to give her another six months off. 
“But you, I get annoyed even with one day off. If Skylar comes to work in the next few days, you better be on your best behavior and not make her angry.” 
Caleb felt relieved hearing this. “As long as you’re not making things hard for Skylar, that’s fine.” 
“What’s going on in your mind? Get out,” Alexander said, waving him away. He was fed up with Caleb’s behavior. 
Seeing Caleb leave, Alexander shook his head. The more he thought about it, the more frustrated he felt. 
After leaving Alexander’s office, Skylar found it hard to calm down. She then walked straight out, not heading home. 
Instead, she found a café on the way and sat there, drinking coffee and lost in thought. 
Before she realized it, it was already past noon. She pulled out the two letters and tried to find any signs that someone had mimicked Viola’s handwriting. 
But after two hours of scrutiny, she found nothing. 
Just then, Joe’s call came in. 
###chapter1010
 1012
Skylar neatly folded the letters and put them back in her bag before answering the call. 
“Have you had your lunch break?” Joe asked. 
Hearing Joe’s voice made Skylar momentarily lose her focus. Glancing at the time, she realized it was already noon and softly responded, “Yes.” 
Joe paused briefly after hearing Skylar’s response. About a minute later, he asked, “Did Mr. Gardner Senior assign you a difficult task?” 
“No, it’s just a bit exhausting,” Skylar replied, her voice trembling slightly as she gripped her phone. Her eyes were reddening. She needed time to figure out how to discuss the divorce with him. She could doubt anyone else but not Viola. But… 
“Alright, let me know if you need anything,” Joe said. 
Skylar agreed. Joe then mentioned that Gloria had prepared a meal at Pearlhall Residence and wanted them to come over for dinner.. 
The mention of Gloria made Skylar’s eyes well up again. She managed to keep her voice steady as she replied, “Okay, I’ll see you at Pearlhall Residence tonight.” 
After Joe hung up, he tapped his fingers on the desk. He lowered his gaze and pondered for a moment. Then, he pulled out his phone and dialed Alexander’s number. 
“Mr. Gardner Senior.” 
“Joe, is that you? What’s up?” Alexander replied. 
Joe said, “Yes, it’s about Skylar. I spoke with her just now. She seemed off. Did you give her something particularly challenging to handle? Should I assist in any way?” 
Upon hearing his words, Alexander signed internally. It seemed Skylar hadn’t shared the full details with Joe yet and was still uncertain about how to approach the situation. 
Alexander said, “It’s likely quite challenging. However, if she needs help from you, she’ll let you know. In the meantime, please be understanding with her. Skye is going through a tough time.” 
Despite Skylar’s ability to handle the negative items in Jipsburg, Viola’s directive meant she could no longer manage them. 
This already took a toll on Skylar. But receiving the second letter asking her to divorce Joe felt like it had pushed her to the brink. She was now trapped in a situation where every option seemed impossible, and every decision felt like a lose–lose scenario. 
Now, seeing Joe’s reaction, it seemed overly cruel to ask two people who cared about each other to divorce. 
Alexander couldn’t help but sigh. 
After finishing her coffee, Skylar decided to leave the café. She wasn’t particularly hungry and intended to grab a quick bite at a nearby deli. As she was heading that way, she spotted Rowan and Jenny entering 
the café. 
They were walking one after the other, both wearing stern expressions that suggested they had just had a 
heated argument. 
Unlike their previous encounters, this time, they didn’t immediately notice Skylar. 
Jenny, feeling aggrieved, reached out and grabbed Rowan’s arm. “Rowan, please don’t get upset. I realize now that I was wrong. I shouldn’t have done that. I didn’t think it through. I’ll just keep quiet if we run into Minerva next time.” 
She had not expected to bump into Minerva while shopping. Jenny also suspected that Minerva had deliberately appeared in their path. 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
###chapter1011
 1013
Jenny didn’t dare say anything in front of Minerva. But when she saw Rowan staring at Minerva as she left, a sense of insecurity overwhelmed her. She couldn’t hold back and made a few snide comments about Minerva, even suggesting that Rowan might want to get back together with her. 
She was impulsive and reckless then, and her words had been harsh. Thinking back now, she regretted it deeply. 
That was when Rowan got mad. They had made a pact not to bring up Minerva again. This time, Jenny knew she was in the wrong. 
“But I’m your girlfriend. Seeing you stare at Minerva, how could I not be jealous? I know I was wrong, and I swear it won’t happen again.” Jenny’s tone softened as she tried to reason with him. 
Lately, Rowan had been growing increasingly intolerant of her. His expression eased a bit, and he said, ” This is the last time.” 
“Yes, yes! I promise it’s the last time.” Jenny beamed, relieved that they were able to make up quickly. 
Just as they were about to sit down, both of them spotted Skylar at the same time. 
Jenny’s face paled. The side of her that had just been pleading with Rowan was now on full display in front of Skylar. A wave of humiliation she had never felt before washed over her. 
Rowan was also surprised to see Skylar. Thinking of the argument he had just had with Jenny, he gave Skylar a somewhat awkward smile. “What a coincidence.” 
“The cappuccino here is pretty good. You two should try it. I have some errands to run, so I’ll head out now.” Skylar gave them both a nod before quickly exiting to avoid any more awkwardness. 
Rowan watched her leave, feeling a heavy weight settle over him. 
Jenny bit her lip and said, “I’ve always felt Skylar doesn’t like me. Now I’m sure of it. She didn’t even look at me, just focused on talking to you.” 
Rowan hadn’t thought much of it at first. But hearing Jenny’s complaint made him realize something. Skylar hadn’t looked at Jenny at all earlier. 
He recalled a recent encounter at the tennis court when Skylar had also seemed distant and unfamiliar toward Jenny. Although he didn’t know Skylar well, he could tell she wasn’t the type to look down on others or judge people based on wealth and status. 
Skylar was always kind and respectful to people. So Rowan wondered why she was so cold toward Jenny. 
And Joe–he had also started ignoring Jenny all of a sudden. 
“Rowan, I don’t like Skylar. I hope I never have to see her again in Jipsburg,” Jenny said, her voice laced with resentment and jealousy. She didn’t even bother hiding it. 
Jenny couldn’t help but wonder how it was fair that two women with nearly identical backgrounds could have such different fates. Skylar was married to Joe and was living a privileged life, while she was stuck with Rowan, a disgraced heir cast out by his family. 
The more Jenny thought about it, the more bitter and envious she became. 
Rowan snapped out of his thoughts, turning sharply to face her. 
Jenny flinched under his sudden gaze, feeling uneasy. “Why are you looking at me like that? Rowan, you’ve changed recently. It’s like I don’t even know you anymore.” 
Rowan studied Jenny carefully. He had never noticed it before, but now, she seemed so unfamiliar– like he had never really understood her at all. 
He wondered if this was really the girl he liked–someone who harbored such deep resentment toward any woman who was more accomplished than her. 
“Rowan, what’s wrong with you? Can you stop staring at me without saying anything? You’re scaring me.” Jenny’s eyes reddened, her voice trembling as she looked helpless and pitiful. 
Rowan suppressed the unsettling feelings that had surfaced. He still felt a pang of pity for the woman in front of him. 
He said, “Jenny, Skylar deserves respect and admiration. You shouldn’t be so hostile toward her. Besides, she’s Joe’s wife. The only reason you could graduate college was because of Joe’s support. You can’t treat her like that.” 
Jenny felt a wave of irritation hearing his reprimand, but she didn’t dare show it. She forced herself to nod, hiding her dissatisfaction behind a fa?ade of submission. 
She said, “Fine, I understand. I’ll remember what you said. But can we stop talking about Skylar now?” 
###chapter1012
 1014
Rowan’s expression softened. “Alright, let’s not talk about Skylar anymore. Didn’t you want coffee? Take a look and see what you’d like.” 
“Okay. Rowan, I love you.” Jenny seized the moment to declare her feelings. 
Rowan nodded but didn’t express his affection as he usually did. Jenny noticed it immediately. She could only bite her lip in silence. 
A wave of fear washed over her. Jenny was unsure what she would do if Rowan didn’t love her anymore. 
His attitude toward her had changed recently. Then she remembered–they still hadn’t slept together. The realization hit her like a sudden chill. 
Even when they kissed, it was never a deep, passionate kiss. It was always more like a quick, simple peck, almost casual. 
Recently, Jenny was preoccupied with dealing with Edwin, so she hadn’t given much thought to Rowan. 
But now… 
An hour later, after leaving the café, they got into the car. Without warning, Jenny leaned over and kissed 
Rowan. 
“You-” Rowan started to pull away, but Jenny deepened the kiss, determined not to let him escape. It was a bold move that Rowan hadn’t anticipated. 
It had been a long time since they kissed like this. Jenny’s eyes were filled with a haze of desire. 
When the kiss finally ended, she wrapped her arms around his neck and whispered, “Let’s go home, okay?” As adults, they both knew what going home meant at that moment. But Rowan stared at her with a mix of disbelief and confusion, as if he couldn’t believe what he had just heard. 
The Jenny in front of him felt like a stranger. 
Rowan suddenly realized something. He had always considered himself fond of Jenny, even going so far as to break up with Minerva and defy his family for her. He was ready to live a simple life for her. 
But he had never imagined being intimate with Jenny. Unlike his thoughts about Minerva, which were filled with longing for various kinds of intimacy, he had never thought about being physical with Jenny. 
He had been living like a hermit recently, both mentally and physically deprived, and yet he hadn’t thought about intimacy with Jenny. 
He wondered if it was really just that he valued Jenny so much that he wanted to save their first time for their wedding day. Suddenly, Rowan felt disoriented. He wondered if he truly loved Jenny. 
“Rowan, can we go home?” Jenny asked again. She thought Rowan might be overwhelmed and had momentarily forgotten to reply. 
Rowan snapped back to reality, his expression conflicted as he looked at Jenny. “I have something to do this afternoon. I’ll take you home first.” 
Upon hearing his words, Jenny’s face fell as her excitement and shyness vanished instantly. She stared at Rowan with teary eyes, but he deliberately avoided her gaze, focusing intently on driving. 
Jenny tightened her grip, her heart racing with fear. She couldn’t afford to lose Rowan 
Rowan had seemed distracted since the encounter with Minerva. She wondered if his behavior toward 
her was influenced by Minerva. 
The thought of Minerva made her feel uneasy. It was because Minerva kept appearing in their lives. She 
knew this. 
But if Minerva and Rowan happened to run into each other by chance, she wondered if they would rekindle old feelings. 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>> 
###chapter1013
 1015
The more Jenny thought about it, the more afraid she became. 
Rowan, while focused on driving, could sense the shift in Jenny’s emotions. Yet, he couldn’t bring himself to say the words to suggest going home together. 
It was as if something deep within him was warning him not to take that step. So, they sat in silence the entire ride, not exchanging a single word until they pulled up to her house. 
Once they reached the house, Jenny’s eyes were red as she asked, “Rowan, do you not love me anymore? If you don’t, I’ll leave. I won’t cling to you. But you can’t just treat me so coldly like this.” 
Rowan looked at her with a hint of helplessness. He gently touched her head and said, “You’re overthinking it. I’ve been really busy lately, and I honestly haven’t thought about it much.” 
Hearing this, Jenny felt a slight relief. But tears still streamed down her face. 
“I understand. Go ahead and take care of your things. But Rowan, if there ever comes a day when you don’t love me anymore, please tell me. Don’t let me wait for you like a fool. I don’t want to force love, and I don’t want you to feel trapped.” 
Rowan was caught off guard, frowning as he nodded. “Okay, I promise.” 
After having some pasta for lunch, Skylar decided to head to the library. Finding books on metaphysical topics in a public library was nearly impossible, but she needed a quiet place to think and gather her thoughts. 
By the end of the afternoon, she felt calm and ready to face Gloria. She drove over to Pearlhall Residence, arriving just in time. 
As soon as Skylar walked in, Gloria’s eyes scanned her, concern evident in her gaze. “How did you manage to lose weight in just a few days of vacation? Looks like the food overseas didn’t agree with you. 
Skylar chuckled softly, saying, “I’ve been dieting on purpose lately. Looks like it’s working.” 
“Mrs. Martin, you’ve always had a perfect figure. No need to diet,” Edgar chimed in. 
These young people were always chasing after unrealistic ideals of beauty. To him, Skylar’s figure was already better than most of the celebrities he saw on TV. 
Skylar was already slim, but now she was noticeably thinner. Her clothes seemed to hang loosely on her 
frame. 
Gloria also noticed and remarked, “You really shouldn’t keep dieting like this. It’s not good for your health.” 
Skylar smiled warmly and nodded. “I’ll listen to you, Grandma. No more dieting from now on. 
” 
“That’s more like it.” Gloria sighed with relief. She couldn’t bear the thought of Skylar suffering through the hardships of dieting. 
“I’ve had the chef prepare all your favorite dishes for tonight. Make sure you eat plenty,” Gloria continued. 
Skylar nodded again. “Of course, I’ll do as you say.” 
However, she couldn’t help but notice that Gloria’s health had deteriorated during the time she and Joe were abroad. Her complexion wasn’t as rosy as it had been before. 
On the drive over, Skylar chatted with Edgar about it, who mentioned that Howard had recently been 
making daily visits to check on Gloria’s health. 
In truth, Gloria should have been in the hospital, where she could receive constant care. But she disliked the sterile environment of hospitals. 
Skylar was growing increasingly concerned about Gloria’s health. 
“Where’s Joe? Why isn’t he here yet?” Gloria glanced toward the door, her patience wearing thin. 
Joe had many good qualities, but he was always too busy. 
They had just returned from abroad. Joe had promised to come with Skylar to visit her today, but she had already been there for a while, and there was still no sign of him. 
“It’s probably traffic. It was pretty bad when I came to Pearlhall Residence. It’s rush hour right now.” Skylar gently reassured Gloria, hoping to ease her frustration. 
“Are you hungry, Skye? If you are, we can start dinner without him,” Gloria grumbled, sounding like a disgruntled child. Her nostrils flared as she showed her clear irritation. 
Skylar smiled and shook her head. “No, Grandma, I’m not hungry.” 
“You may not be hungry, but I’m starving. Let’s not wait any longer. We’ll go ahead and eat,” Gloria huffed, standing up quickly. 
She was determined to head straight to the dining room. 
But as soon as she stood, she wobbled, clearly unsteady from standing too quickly. 
Edgar rushed forward to steady her. “Mrs. Martin Senior, please take it slow. No need to get worked up.” 
Skylar’s expression faltered slightly, a flicker of worry crossing her face. She wondered how Gloria’s health had deteriorated so quickly
###chapter1014
 1016
Skylar’s thoughts drifted back to the two letters from Viola and then to her own rebirth. 
She realized that her rebirth had not only changed her fate but also affected the lives of those around her. It was like the butterfly effect–small ripples causing unpredictable consequences. 
She wondered if this could have influenced Gloria’s health as well. Skylar’s face paled at that possibility. 
As soon as Gloria steadied herself, she noticed Skylar’s sudden paleness. She immediately guessed Skylar must be worried about her. 
Gloria said with a reassuring smile, “I’m fine, Skye. I just stood up too fast and felt a bit dizzy. Nothing to worry about.” 
“Alright, I’ll help you to the table.” She stepped forward to take Gloria from Edgar’s hands. 
Gloria smiled warmly and nodded. “Let’s go. It’s time to eat.” 
Just as they sat down, Joe arrived. 
“Traffic was terrible,” he explained briefly. 
Gloria huffed, “We waited so long, the food’s gone cold. Hurry up and eat.” 
“Alright.” Joe agreed, his gaze shifting to Skylar as he approached the table. Seeing her pale face, Joe was worried about her. 
He wondered what had happened to her after she had gone to work that day. Alexander had kept everything tightly under wraps, revealing no hint of what was happening. As for Skylar, she seemed to be hiding it well, but Joe could tell something had shifted in her mood. 
She was hiding something. 
“You two looked so good in your wedding photos. Have you booked the hotel yet?” Gloria asked, making sure everything was on track. 
Since the photoshoot was over, the next step was to secure the venue and ensure the wedding proceeded as planned.* 
Joe nodded and said, “We booked it before heading abroad.” 
Listening to Joe and Gloria discuss wedding photos and the venue, Skylar felt her chest grow heavier with each word. They gradually noticed Skylar’s face growing paler as the conversation continued, and her silence became concerning. 
Sensing something was off, Gloria asked, “Skye, is something bothering you? You don’t look well.” 
In all the time Gloria had known Skylar, this was the first time she had seen her so distracted, her face pale and distant, as if she were either unwell or troubled by something. 
Joe kept his eyes locked on Skylar. 
“I’m fine, Grandma. I think it’s just the jet lag from coming back from Fachington. I haven’t fully adjusted yet, but I’ll be better once I get some rest in a few days Skylar explained with a smile. 
“Alright then, but make sure you rest well these days. If you feel unwell, go to the hospital, okay?” Gloria reminded her with concern. 
Verodded in agreement. After dinner, Gloria was feeling tired, so she headed upstairs to sleep. 
idence again tomorrow. Edgar, let’s try to 
convince Grandma to go to the hospital for a thorough check–up.” 
217 
Edgar immediately agreed. “Yes, yes. If you help, I’m sure Mrs. Martin Senior will finally agree to go to the hospital.” 
Gloria had been refusing to visit the hospital, and it had left Edgar feeling anxious about her health. He had been caring for Gloria daily, so he was well aware of her condition. Compared to before, Gloria’s health had clearly declined. 
Although Howard had previously said she had only a few years left, seeing her health worsen made his heart ache. It felt like needles pricking at him, leaving her deeply uncomfortable and worried. 
As Joe and Skylar left Pearlhall Residence, Edgar made a silent wish. “All Mrs. Martin Senior wants is to see them doing well. They must cherish each other.” 
After leaving Pearlhall Residence, Skylar drove her own car home with Joe following closely behind in his. Joe had offered to drive her back, suggesting they could send a driver to retrieve her car later, but she had declined. 
From the moment she had arrived at Pearlhall Residence until the moment they left, Skylar had been distracted, her mind wandering. She couldn’t shake the unsettling feeling that lingered in her heart. 
Viola’s letter had been like a warning bell, constantly echoing in her mind. She gripped the steering wheel tightly. 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>> 
###chapter1015
 1017
They drove back to Galaxy Villa. 
Once they arrived, they entered the house one after the other. 
“We need to talk,” Joe said, looking at Skylar as they stepped inside. 
All day, Joe had felt his heart racing, sensing that something significant was about to happen. He also had a feeling he didn’t want to see it unfold. 
“Okay,” Skylar replied, moving closer. 
Once seated, Joe fixed his gaze on her. “Tell me, did something happen today? Is it about us or Grandma? 
Joe had an uncanny ability to sense things. Skylar knew she hadn’t been herself today, but she hadn’t expected him to pinpoint the reason so accurately. 
With that in mind, she decided to speak up, “I think we should end our marriage. We’ve been married in secret, and we can just quietly get a divorce without anyone knowing…” 
Before she could finish, she saw Joe’s face turn ashen. 
“Is this what you wanted to talk about? You’ve been hiding your feelings all day just to tell me you want a divorce? Did you plan to deceive Grandma too? Skylar, how could you!” 
With that, Joe shot up from his seat. His lips pressed tightly together. 
Anger radiated off him, unfiltered and intense. Without giving Skylar a chance to respond, he turned and left Galaxy Villa. 
Skylar watched as the door slammed shut, stunned by his reaction. She hadn’t expected Joe to react so strongly to the mention of divorce. 
Later that night, as Skylar slept, she suddenly felt as though she were engulfed in flames. 
Skylar felt trapped, her skin ablaze with pain. 
Whispers echoed around her, haunting her with cruel words. “Skylar, you’re just a burden. Why don’t you just die?” 
“Christopher is just a lackey to me. Look how much he despises you now while he’s so fond of me.” 
“How could I have a daughter like you? My daughter should be lively and talented like Maisy, not a useless wreck like you.” 
“You don’t belong in this world. You should go back to your own. You and Joe can’t be together. You’ll harm everyone you care about.” 
“You’ll bring them harm…” 
Skylar shook her head in terror, resisting as if her life depended on it. 
“Why should I? I refuse. I don’t believe it.” 
“No! You can’t hurt them.” 
onded 
Skylar felt someone wrap their arms around her, a soothing voice breaking through the chaos. “You had a nightmare? Don’t be afraid. I’m here. No one can hurt you.” 
At that moment, all her fear seemed to dissipate. 
Skylar felt a rush of pent–up emotions as if she had finally found an outlet. Tears streamed down her face as she sobbed quietly. 
Joe watched her, struck by the depth of her sadness. It dawned on him that if she could cry so heart- wrenchingly in a dream, something truly troubling must have happened to her. 
He wondered if it was because she couldn’t divorce him. As he gently patted Skylar’s hand, he suddenly froze, a wave of realization crashing over him. 
Chap 1016 
###chapter1016
 1018
The next morning, Skylar woke up to find her throat a bit hoarse, likely a sign of inflammation. 
Looking at her reflection in the mirror, she noticed her eyes were puffy and red. 
After washing her face, she went downstairs and made herself a simple breakfast of scrambled eggs and coffee. Joe hadn’t returned since their argument about divorce, clearly displeased by her words. 
But this matter couldn’t be postponed. A resolution was necessary. The vivid nightmare from the previous night haunted her thoughts. She couldn’t risk harming those she loved. 
However, while she was trapped in the nightmare, it felt as though someone was whispering in her ear, holding her tightly and comforting her. 
It must have been a dream. 
When she opened her eyes that morning, it felt like Joe had been beside her. However, seeing the empty space next to her confirmed it was merely an illusion. 
After getting ready, she headed to Pearlhall Residence. 
Initially, Gloria refused to go to the hospital, but Skylar insisted. Eventually, she agreed to go for a check- 
1. up. 
After some examinations at the hospital, the doctor recommended that Gloria stay for observation. Gloria didn’t want to stay, so the doctor didn’t press, and the test results would be ready the next day. 
Skylar and Edgar escorted Gloria back to Pearlhall Residence. 
In the afternoon, she went shopping at the mall and the supermarket to pick up some essentials for 
Janine. 
Janine had been quite busy lately. The store had started live broadcasts on several platforms and hired a few streamers. Everything was being managed smoothly under Janine’s careful supervision. 
Seeing that Skylar looked unwell, Janine said with concern, “Have you been working too hard lately? If it’s too much, you should consider quitting. 
“Our store’s income has stabilized after starting the live streams. You won’t have to worry about money, so there’s no need to push yourself so hard.” 
“I just got back from abroad, and I’m adjusting to the time difference. Work isn’t exhausting. I haven’t been sleeping well these past couple of days, but there’s nothing to worry about, Mom,” Skylar said, not wanting to cause Janine any concern. 
Seeing her family members each pursuing their lives so fully made her truly happy. 
She realized that she had fallen in love with Joe. That was why, after reading Viola’s letter, she had been struggling within herself since yesterday. She didn’t want to end her marriage with Joe. 
Janine smiled and nodded. “That’s good to hear. I was just worrying for nothing. You’ve been away in Fachington for so long, and I’ve missed you. Tonight, you just sit here and watch TV while I cook
some dishes you love. 
“By the way, where’s Joe? Is he off work? Give him a call and invite him over. What does he like to eat? I’ll make that too.” 
Skylar’s gaze flickered. “He’s been really busy these days, sometimes working late until midnight. He doesn’t have time to come over. Let’s just eat together for now. When he has some free time, I’ll bring him 
over.” 
“That makes sense. He must have a lot of work to catch up on after being away for so long. I’ll go make dinner, so just relax and watch TV,” Janine said, her mind at ease just being with her daughter. 
Skylar admired Janine, who still looked vibrant and youthful. If Janine didn’t reveal her true age to others, one would think she was just in her early 40s. Her fair skin and natural grace gave her a gentle elegance. 
If it weren’t for the responsibilities toward her children, perhaps Janine would have found someone to share her life with by now. 
After all, life was only halfway through. Skylar turned on the TV, her mind wandering as she watched. 
###chapter1017
 1019
Skylar’s mind was still a bit scattered. She didn’t notice when Janine finished cooking and came out of the kitchen carrying dishes. 
She pointed at a middle–aged man on the TV and said, “This guy looks a lot like your dad. You were too young back then to remember him, but even Steven said he resembles him.” 
“Looks like Dad?” Skylar finally paid attention to the TV, which was showing a drama. 
It seemed to be a romantic urban drama, with the middle–aged man likely playing the father of one of the 
leads. 
He appeared refined, suggesting he must have been quite handsome in his youth. 
“Yeah, a bit. The eyes are very similar. Remember when I fell and had to go to the hospital a while back? I saw someone there who looked just like your dad,” Janine chatted casually. 
Skylar turned off the TV and sat down at the dining table. “There are so many people in the world and plenty who look alike.” 
“True, but it’s quite a coincidence. If your dad were still alive, he’d be so proud to see how well you and your brothers have grown, each excelling in your careers and studies,” Janine said, reminiscing about her husband, who had passed away unexpectedly. 
She couldn’t help but feel a wave of emotion, especially since she had never had the chance to say goodbye. She often felt a weight in her heart. 
Sometimes, she even had the feeling that her husband was still alive. 
But that was impossible. If he were alive, he would have come home all these years. Janine wondered what could be more important than family. 
Setting aside those chaotic thoughts, Janine looked at Skylar and smiled. “Try my cooking and see if I’ve lost my touch. I’ve been so busy lately that sometimes I just order takeout. It’s so convenient these days. 
Skylar wasn’t really hungry and didn’t have much of an appetite, but seeing the familiar dishes in front of her–each one with that comforting taste of home–she took a bite of the food and gave a thumbs–up as 
she ate. 
“Mom, your cooking is just the best! While I was in Fachington, I kept thinking about your meals. Eating your food makes me so happy!” As she spoke, Skylar’s eyes began to mist up. 
Noticing Skylar’s red eyes, Janine was taken aback for a moment, then couldn’t help but chuckle. “Silly girl, just eat. If you ever want to have my cooking again, just come home. I’ll always be here to make it for you. Steven and Charles said they’d be home for the weekend, so we can all get together then.” 
“Okay.” Skylar smiled and nodded. 
Having family around made her feel deeply cherished. 
Skylar hadn’t seen Joe for three days. However, today, she ran into Vera. 
The company was hosting a team–building event, and the entire department went to an upscale seafood 
buffet. 
As she chatted with her colleagues while eating, she decided that if she didn’t see Joe today, she would call him tomorrow to arrange a meeting. 
After the event ended and everyone began to leave, Skylar was rear–ended while exiting the parking lot. 
As she got out to discuss insurance with the other driver, she was surprised to find it was Vera. 
Vera was equally shocked to see Skylar. It was hard to believe that in a city as large as Jipsburg, they would bump into each other like this. And to make things worse, she had rear–ended Skylar’s car. 
Looking at Skylar’s luxury car, Vera pulled out her phone and said, “I’ll transfer the repair costs to you directly.” 
###chapter1018
 1020
Vera transferred the money on her phone and said, “Given the damage to your car, transferring you ten thousand dollars should be enough to cover the repairs. If it’s not enough, just let me know.” 
Then she stepped out of the car. “Were you here eating by yourself?” 
Vera looked into Skylar’s car, scanning for Joe, but didn’t see him. 
Skylar simply accepted the money transfer. “If there’s any issue with my car, I’ll contact you. I’m leaving now,” she said as she opened the door and got in. 
The location wasn’t ideal for lingering around. They were still blocking the exit from the parking lot. Besides, Skylar didn’t have much to say to Vera anyway. Their relationship had always been distant. 
Vera frowned as Skylar got into the car without responding further. A sense of frustration flared up. She thought, “What kind of attitude was that? Did she not even hear me?” 
She got back into her car, her irritation growing. She quickly stomped the gas and followed Skylar out of the lot. 
Skylar drove for a while, making a few turns. As she waited at a traffic light at an intersection, Skylar glanced in her rearview mirror and spotted a familiar car. 
It was the same one that had rear–ended her earlier–Vera’s. She wondered if Vera had been following her this whole time or if it was just a coincidence. 
After crossing the light, Skylar noticed Vera was still right behind her. 
Skylar passed two more streets before deciding to pull over. Vera followed and parked behind her. 
She exited the car and walked toward Skylar’s window, signaling her to step out. Skylar got out of the car as well. 
“You’ve been following me for a while now. Care to explain why?” Skylar asked directly. 
Vera’s actions and attitude were starting to get on her nerves. 
Vera was momentarily stunned by Skylar’s direct question. She hadn’t really planned to follow Skylar. It had just been a spur–of–the–moment decision driven by frustration. As Skylar confronted her, she found herself at a loss for words. 
“I… I just wanted you to call the car dealership. See how much it would cost to fix the damage from the accident,” Vera finally said, grasping at an excuse. 
Skylar scoffed and said, “Didn’t you just transfer ten thousand dollars to me? You said I could contact you later if it weren’t enough. 
“I’ll take the car in for repairs this weekend. Once I have the exact cost, I’ll send you the receipt. I won’t take advantage of you.” 
Vera’s brow furrowed with irritation at Skylar’s dismissive tone. “What’s with your attitude? Is this about the photo I sent you of Joe and me at the reunion? Are you really so jealous that you’re still mad? 
“You need to reflect on yourself instead of being jealous of me. My relationship with Joe isn’t something that disappears just because you’re jealous.” 
Skylar’s expression barely changed. “Jealous? Of you and Joe? If you have time to throw accusations at me, maybe you should use it to spend more time with him. Go ahead, relive your memories, build up whatever connection you think you have–I’m not stopping you. 
212 
“But do you even know what you’re doing right now? You’re acting like a secret mistress, hiding in the shadows. If you can manage to get Joe to divorce me, I might think more highly of you. Otherwise, I don’t care who you are in the Ruell family. It has nothing to do with me.” 
Skylar couldn’t make sense of Vera’s thought process, especially how she seemed to bring Joe into every conversation. Her patience, already thin, was now completely worn out. 
Upon hearing Skylar’s words, Vera’s face flushed with anger. She asked, “Skylar, do you even realize what you’re saying?” 
She couldn’t believe Skylar had called her a secret mistress. She wondered who the real secret mistress actually was. 
Everyone believed she was Joe’s perfect match. Their families were compatible, and they had been close for years. But Skylar came from an ordinary background. 
Skylar pulled open her car door and got into the car. Then she rolled down the window to give Vera one last look and said, “I know exactly what I’m saying. Ms. Ruell, next time you see me, feel free to take 
another route. Stop following me around.” 
With that, she hit the gas and sped off. 
Vera stood there, too furious to even react at first. She stomped her foot, rage boiling over. “Skylar.” 
$ 
She wondered who gave Skylar the nerve to speak to her like that. She dared to act so high and mighty and even called her a mistress. 
One day, Joe would see Skylar’s true colors, and then she would be the one left in the dust–the real mistress. 
###chapter1019
 1026
At the thought of this, Alexander continued, “Skye mentioned her resignation to me, and I agreed. If she decides to come back in the future, I’ll personally invite her back. As for your grandmother, don’t tell her 
anything yet. 
“The last thing she wants to see is trouble between you and Skye. I’ll let her know I’ve assigned Skye an important task, and she’ll need to leave Jipsburg for a while.” 
Joe understood immediately. Skylar definitely had a secret, and Alexander wasn’t going to reveal it. He didn’t press further. 
Joe’s fingers lightly tapped the desk after placing his phone aside. Suddenly realizing something, he called Paul. “Call me tomorrow morning at nine sharp.” 
The command left Paul a little confused. “Call you? Is there something you need me to remind you about 
at nine tomorrow, Mr. Martin?” 
“Yes, just say it’s urgent,” Joe replied calmly. 
“Huh? Alright,” Paul responded. 
After leaving the restaurant, Skylar went straight back to Galaxy Villa. 
She had dinner and began packing her things. Since the people from Pearlhall Residence often came over, she couldn’t take everything. She needed to leave some things behind to avoid raising
suspicion about her relationship with Joe. 
Around 10:00 pm, just as she finished packing, she got a call from Natalie. 
“Skye, I’ll be back in Jipsburg next week. Mr. Powell’s filming would end in a couple of days. After the wrap party, we’ll return.” Natalie’s voice was filled with excitement. 
Skylar smiled and said, “I’ll give you a proper welcome when you return.” 
It was perfect timing. She was planning to meet Natalie before leaving Jipsburg. 
Over the next couple of days, Skylar would figure out how to tell Janine and the others the news. For now, she wanted to keep the divorce a secret to avoid any unnecessary concern. 
Alexander had introduced her to a job that would take her away from Jipsburg for about six months. It was in Murida. This was her true opportunity to leave Jipsburg behind. 
“Hey, why do you sound a little off? Did Joe give you a hard time after you got back?” Natalie’s sharp intuition immediately sensed something unusual. 
Skylar smiled, masking the truth. “Do I look like someone easy to bully? Ever since I returned from 
Fachington, I’ve had a bit of a cold. My throat’s still sore, and I’m taking medicine for it.” 
“Oh, it’s just a cold. There’s been a lot of that going around lately. Take care of yourself. If it gets worse, go see a doctor,” Natalie said, relieved it wasn’t Joe causing trouble. 
Skylar reassured her. “It’s nearly gone, don’t worry. I’ll be all set to welcome you back.” 
“Great! See you when I get back.” 
After Natalie hung up, she was about to put her phone away and get back to work. But then, Kate called 
Ever since Natalie had gone to Fachington for work, Kate hadn’t stopped worrying. She called almost every day. If she didn’t pick up, Kate would get even more anxious. 
Glancing over at Austin, who was still filming, Natalie quickly answered. “Mom, we’re about to wrap things up here. I’ll be heading back next week.” 
Kate sounded surprised and said, “Oh, you’re coming back to Jipsburg already? I thought you’d be in Fachington for another month. That’s great news! Your dad’s been missing you, he just asked when you’d be back.” 
“Mom, I’ve been craving your baked salmon,” Natalie said playfully. 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
X 
Claim 
###chapter1020
 1027
In truth, Kate’s cooking wasn’t particularly outstanding. However, her baked salmon and some of her stews were exceptional. 
Right now, Natalie was craving Kate’s cooking. 
“Alright, when you get back, I’ll make your favorite dish. I’ll buy the freshest, biggest salmon at the market so you can eat your fill,” Kate replied with a smile. 
“Mom, you’re the best.” 
Kate couldn’t help but laugh for a moment, but her smile suddenly faded. Then, in a more serious tone, she said, “Nath, I just got a call from Mrs. Hughes!” 
“How is Mrs. Hughes doing lately?” Natalie asked, her smile vanishing. 
Since she divorced Jeremy, she hadn’t contacted the Hughes family, so she was unsure of what to say. To her, Eleanor had watched her grow up, just like her own mother. 
“Ah, people our age are bound to have some health issues. Right now, she’s most worried about Jeremy. He’s been drinking heavily for the past couple of days and calls your name, when he’s drunk. No matter how Mrs. Hughes tries to persuade him, he doesn’t listen. 
“She’s really worried about him. Mr. Hughes Senior recently wanted to arrange a marriage for him, but Jeremy has refused. If Mr. Hughes Senior gets angry, he might not be able to stay at the company,” Kate said, growing increasingly concerned for Jeremy. 
To her, he was like a son. For the past few days, she wondered when Jeremy and Natalie could reconcile. She and Damon wouldn’t feel at ease letting Natalie marry anyone else. 
Natalie didn’t know what to say for a moment. After a pause, she finally replied, “Mom, Jeremy and I are already divorced. There’s no need to talk about him anymore. We’re both adults. We have to bear the consequences of our actions. He should know what he’s doing.” 
“Ah, Nath, I know your personality. You won’t forgive him. Well, let’s not discuss this anymore. Maybe one day, you both will understand each other. 
“It’s getting late. Your dad and I are going to sleep. Please take care while you’re working there. When you return, I’ll make baked salmon for you,” Kate concluded, choosing not to press the matter further. 
Seeing that Kate didn’t continue the conversation, Natalie sighed in relief. After hanging up, she felt a mix 
of emotions. 
It was hard to see Jeremy spiral downward like this. She really couldn’t just stand by and watch Jeremy 
suffer. 
His stomach wasn’t good. After drinking so much the other day, she wondered how he could handle it. 
While she was lost in thought, Austin suddenly appeared before her. Austin asked, “What are you thinking 
about?” 
Natalie was startled. “Oh, I–I wasn’t thinking about anything. I was just watching your act, and it felt surreal that this show is wrapping up so soon.” 
Austin looked closely at her. “Are you really okay?” 
“Of course,” Natalie replied, shaking off her thoughts influenced by Kate. 
She smiled brightly at Austin and said, “Mr. Powell, you were amazing in that scene. The moment when 
the leads parted made me feel so heartbroken.” 
This scene depicted the couple parting ways because their aspirations differed, and neither could sacrifice what they had for the other. The only choice before them was to break up. 
Even knowing it was just a show, she couldn’t help but feel upset. 
“Silly girl.” Austin chuckled. 
For him, performing emotional scenes didn’t evoke much feeling. He mostly relied on technique. 
Natalie defended herself. “This is the show where I’ve acted with you the most, Mr. Powell. Naturally, it feels different. It’s like we’re really parting away.” 
They had just rehearsed this scene a couple of days ago. 
At that time, she had gotten quite into and had even hugged Austin while crying. 
She couldn’t remember what he had said then. It wasn’t part of the script. 
“Natalie, do you have feelings for me?” Austin suddenly looked down at her, his voice low enough for only the two of them to hear. 
###chapter1021
 1028
Natalie was startled. Yet, as she met Austin’s gaze, she found it hard to look away. It was as if there was a hook drawing her in. 
Suddenly, she realized that Austin was teasing her. After swallowing hard, she said, “Yes, I like you, Mr. Powell! I’ve been a fan of yours for a long time.” 
Lately, she couldn’t help but feel that Austin seemed more charming than ever. Hearing her say “fan“, Austin’s expression darkened a bit. “That’s good to hear.” 
“What does he mean by ‘good to hear‘?” Natalie thought, feeling a bit confused. 
She wondered if she was reading too much into it. It felt like there was a deeper meaning in his words, almost as if he was hinting at something. 
But then again, she thought she might be overthinking it. If Austin had something to say, he could just tell her directly–there was no need to drop hints. 
After all, she was just an employee, diligently following her boss‘ orders. 
As Austin noticed Natalie’s expression changing, he sighed inwardly. He wondered what she was thinking. 
The next day, Skylar took the morning off and headed to the courthouse with her documents. 
When she arrived at the courthouse, she was ten minutes early. She messaged Joe to let him know she was there. 
Joe simply replied, “Okay.” 
After waiting about seven or eight minutes, he arrived. 
He walked over with his long strides. When he reached her, his dark eyes locked onto hers. “Did you bring all the documents?” 
“Yes, I’ve got everything. Let’s go inside.” Skylar glanced at the folder in Joe’s hand, realizing his documents were likely inside it too. 
Standing before the courthouse, it felt like she was in a dream. The last time she was here was with Joe when they applied for their marriage certificate. They were still strangers to each other, signing a three- year covert marriage agreement. 
Now, unexpectedly, they were about to finalize their divorce before even reaching the three–year mark. 
Skylar felt a deep ache in her heart. It was her reckless decision on the day she was reborn. There were countless ways to repay Gloria, but in a moment of confusion, she chose to marry Joe. 
Now, she had harmed both Joe and herself. Perhaps she had also hurt Gloria. 
Joe silently observed Skylar’s changing expressions, his tone cold as he said, “Let’s go in.” 
“Okay.” 
Today, the courthouse was crowded. Not many couples were getting married, but the line for divorces stretched long. 
The last time they came for a marriage certificate, hardly anyone was on the divorce side. Skylar hadn’t expected so many people today. 
She was a bit surprised. 
“Have you thought about your reason for divorce?” Joe suddenly asked. 
Skylar knew that the staff would ask her this question during the divorce process, but she didn’t expect Joe to bring it up. “We just have irreconcilable differences.” 
Joe scoffed lightly. “Irreconcilable differences?” 
He wondered where exactly those differences lay. 
In bed, they were as compatible as ever. Her reason for wanting a divorce felt so dismissive. 
“And… there’s no affection,” Skylar added, trying for a more valid reason. 
Joe’s expression darkened immediately. His narrowed eyes fixed on her. “No affection?” 
Skylar gazed at Joe, whose expression was inscrutable, leaving her momentarily at a loss for words. The atmosphere among the few people in line for divorce grew tense. 
###chapter1022
 1029
With Skylar and Joe added to the mix, the heavy atmosphere made Skylar take a deep breath. 
Just then, Joe’s phone suddenly rang. He kept his eyes fixed on Skylar as he answered the call. 
“Is there something urgent?” Joe asked, his voice as cold as ice. Skylar looked at Joe, noticing his sudden change in expression, which filled her with a sense of unease. 
Then she heard him say, “I’ll head over right now.” 
After hanging up, he turned to her and added, “There’s an urgent matter at the company that I need to take care of. We’ll have to reschedule.” 
Without waiting for her response, he turned to leave. 
Skylar noticed they were almost at the front of the line and hurriedly said to Joe, “We’re almost up. The divorce process doesn’t take long. It should only take a few minutes.” 
Joe’s gaze was icy as he looked back at her. He glanced at his watch and said, “Not even ten minutes- five minutes is too long for me. Let’s do this another day,” he replied. 
With that, he didn’t give Skylar a chance to stop him. He strode away, quickly exiting the courthouse. 
Skylar was caught off guard. They were already at the courthouse, and now Joe had to leave unexpectedly. 
Just as she was about to walk away, someone behind her said, “I don’t think your husband wants to divorce you. He clearly still cares when he looks at you. Maybe he’s just looking for an excuse to
leave. You two probably won’t end up splitting.” 
Whether someone liked another person could often be seen clearly in their eyes. Skylar paused for a moment, then forced a smile and said nothing. She walked out of the courthouse. 
Back in the car, she tossed her bag containing the documents into the passenger seat, feeling lost and 
confused. 
More than a week had passed, and less than a week was left. “I’ll wait until tonight to set a time with him.” 
However, when she tried to reach Joe that evening, his phone was off, and he hadn’t replied to her WhatsApp messages. Even Paul had this phone turned off. She wondered if they were both on a business trip together. 
Skylar stared at her phone, feeling a bit lost. Just then, she received a call from Alexander. 
“Skye, everything has been arranged with the team in Murida. You can head over whenever you’re ready. They promised to give you plenty of room to showcase your talents,” he said. 
“Thank you, Mr. Gardner Senior,” she replied. 
Only Alexander knew about her situation. She had expected to confront everything by herself, yet he was actively assisting her in organizing her career. 
“Have you finalized the divorce with Joe yet?” he asked. 
After a brief pause, Skylar answered, “He had an urgent matter today, so we haven’t finalized it yet.” 
“Oh, what a coincidence! I wonder if your Grandma Viola misjudged the situation this time. You and Joe seem very compatible and share a strong connection. 
212 
“Since you two got together, I’ve noticed a significant change in him. And as for Gloria, she hasn’t been well these past few years, but she’s been doing much better lately.” 
The more he spoke, the more Alexander felt something was off. Yet, given the circumstances with Viola, he couldn’t question her judgment. 
Still, he couldn’t bear to see Skylar and Joe apart. They had both faced their share of struggles. 
When Skylar heard the phrase “misjudges“, something flickered in her mind. 
“Oh, I’m getting old and just rambling on. Just take care of yourself and try not to overthink things. There’s still time. You don’t need to rush the divorce with Joe. 
Alexander regretted expressing his thoughts out loud. 
The more he said, the more Skylar would feel hurt. 
After their call ended, Skylar immediately went to find the two letters from Viola. 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter1023
 1030
From the letters, it was clear they were written in Viola’s distinctive handwriting. However… 
Suddenly, Skylar remembered that Viola had once told her that the last divination indicated she would face a trial in her life. As long as she could overcome this hardship, she would be free to pursue anything she desired. 
If that were the case, she wondered how Viola could have predicted the recent events in Jipsburg City and that she and Joe couldn’t be together. 
At that moment, Skylar felt like a thick veil of mystery hung before her, waiting for her to uncover its 
secret. 
It had been a long time since she had heard from Viola 
Recently, Viola had mentioned returning to Jipsburg, and Skylar wondered why she hadn’t shared this news in person. Instead, she chose to communicate through letters. 
Skylar gradually fell into deep thought, her fingers brushing over each word. Before she realized it, it was past midnight. 
In the silent room, her phone suddenly pinged with a message alert. Skylar snapped back to reality. 
Checking her phone, she saw it was already past midnight. 
She had been staring at the letters for so long. 
The message read, “The flight just landed. I have urgent matters to handle for the next couple of days., Let’s discuss things when I get back.” 
Even though it was just a text, Joe’s words conveyed a somewhat cold attitude. After reading it, Skylar simply replied, “Okay.” 
When Joe saw that Skylar had responded with just a single word, his expression darkened. Sitting in the passenger seat, Paul sensed the change in Joe’s mood and dared not say a word. 
After the car had traveled a distance, Joe tossed his phone aside and muttered, “Ungrateful.” 
He then looked at Paul and asked, “What have you found out? Tell me.” 
“We’ve indeed uncovered some information…” Paul immediately opened his notebook, glancing at his notes while carefully briefing Joe on the findings. 
Joe listened as his expression grew increasingly serious. 
Over the next two days, Joe didn’t have any updates. Even Paul seemed to have vanished. 
Tar felt a flicker of anxiety at first, but for some reason, she found herself surprisingly calm. 
ne hadn’t gone to work during this time. Caleb was shocked when he learned about her resignation. 
He called her several times, and after briefly explaining her situation, she assured him she would return soon. That seemed to satisfy him, and he stopped pressing her about the reason for her departure. 
That evening, she reached out to Alexander. “Mr. Gardner Senior, I suspect Grandma Viola is being held against her will.” 
The letters were too brief. Their tone didn’t feel like Viola at all. 
Now that she was calmer, memories of her time with Viola flooded back. Viola had always treated her like a granddaughter. 
If she had something important to convey, she would have offered her some comforting words instead of repeatedly mentioning nightmares. 
Viola would never hurt her beloved student and granddaughter like that. 
###chapter1024
 1031
Upon reading the message from Skylar, Alexander was taken aback. “How could you think that? Skye, this is not something to joke about.” 
“I’ve reviewed the two recent letters from Grandma Viola multiple times. The handwriting is definitely hers, which is why we all initially assumed these were her intentions. However, I’ve suddenly calmed down over the past couple of days and reflected on her usual style. 
“These letters seem different from her usual style. I’m about seven percent sure that Grandma Viola is currently being held against her will,” Skylar replied solemnly. 
“I’ll have someone look into it right away,” Alexander said after a few moments of silence. 
Skylar added, “Please keep Grandma Viola’s situation from Grandma Gloria. She’s not in good health and can’t handle any more stress. As for Grandma Viola… I think it’s best to act as if we’re following the instructions in the letters for now and temporarily leave Jipsburg in a few days.” 
She could spend some time in the countryside. It would also be a good opportunity to sort through some of Viola’s belongings there, and perhaps she would gain some insights. 
Alexander agreed and said, “I was thinking the same thing.” 
After ending the call with him, Skylar reached out to Aiken. 
Though they didn’t know each other well, she knew some of Aiken’s abilities. She sent him details about Viola and included some photos. 
About ten minutes later, Aiken called her back. “Don’t worry. I’ve already set things in motion and will find her as soon as possible.” His voice was gentle. 
Skylar’s previously turbulent emotions settled somewhat. She said, “Thank you. Please let me know as soon as you have any updates. And how much do you need? I can transfer the funds now.” 
Aiken was silent for a few seconds before he chuckled and said, “You’ve helped me so much. It’s only fair that I help you this time. Isn’t bringing up money a bit too formal? Don’t worry. Finding someone is exactly what I’m good at.” 
With that, Skylar dropped the topic of money. Aiken had a way of putting people at ease, making it easy to trust him. 
“Have you and Simona returned to Jipsburg yet?” 
It suddenly occurred to her that she hadn’t asked about his and Simona’s situation when she had 
contacted him earlier. She wondered if they had returned from Fachington yet. 
Aiken laughed and said, “We’re on tomorrow’s flight. Simona insisted on coming back. She doesn’t want to fall behind in her studies. Let’s have dinner together once we’re back,” 
“Sure, let me treat you two. It’ll be a nice welcome–back dinner,” Skylar replied. 
“Alright.” 
After Aiken hung up, his gaze remained fixed on his phone. 
Even when Simona stared at him for a long time, he didn’t notice. It wasn’t until she let out a surprised shout that he finally snapped out of it. 
“Ah!” 
Aiken turned to look at her, surprised by her outburst. He initially thought she had remembered something from her previous experiences. Just as he was about to ask, Aiken noticed Simona staring at him with wide eyes, as if she had just discovered some big secret. 
“Aiken, why didn’t I realize it before? You like Skylar, don’t you? I overheard your conversation with Skylar just now. We’re returning to Jipsburg in a couple of days, and it’ll be your birthday right after that. You invited her to dinner because you want her to spend your birthday with you, right?” 
Simona was convinced she had figured it out. Nobody knew Aiken better than she did. 
To outsiders, it might seem like Aiken had plenty of women around him, but she knew better. He never truly liked any of them–it was all for show. 
But it was different with Skylar. 
“Don’t be ridiculous. You can say that kind of thing in front of me, but don’t mention it to anyone else.” Aiken frowned, denying it outright. 
Simona raised an eyebrow. “Aiken, I’m not being ridiculous. After you hung up, you kept staring at your phone and smiling the whole time. 
“And I’ve noticed that you’re always in a good mood whenever you’re around Skylar. Other people might not see the difference, but I do. You like her.” 
Aiken’s face grew stern. 
“Why not admit it? So what if you like her? From what Caleb told me, Skylar and Joe may be married, but their relationship isn’t exactly great. Moreover, I’ve heard Joe’s been entangled with
Vera for a while now. “Who knows, maybe they’ll get divorced soon. If you can end up with Skylar, I’ll be the first to support you.‘ 
” 
###chapter1025
 1032
Simona immediately made her stance clear. Ever since she met Skylar, she had wanted her to be her 
sister–in–law. 
At first, she hadn’t noticed Aiken’s feelings for Skylar but now that she knew he liked her, she was just waiting for Skylar to get divorced. Once that happened, she would make sure Aiken married Skylar as quickly as possible. 
Joe didn’t treat Skylar well and was tangled up with other women, so he didn’t deserve her. 
But if Skylar married Aiken, that would be different. If he dared to treat her poorly, she would be the first to oppose it. 
If he dared to fool around, she could deal with those other women so they would never dare to approach. Aiken again. 
Aiken looked at Simona helplessly. “Things aren’t as simple as you think. Skylar isn’t the type of woman you imagine. She’s already married, so I can’t pursue her. Even if she were. single, it wouldn’t be that easy.” 
His tone held a hint of melancholy. 
Simona considered this and nodded. “You’re right, Aiken.” 
“Don’t let her find out. Otherwise, she might never want to see me again,” Aiken said, his gaze deep. 
Simona nodded slightly, thinking to herself that it was a wasted excitement. 
But then again, it wasn’t wasted. Once Skylar got divorced, she would find all sorts of ways to get her to marry Aiken. 
Skylar’s resignation news surprised Gloria. The first thing Gloris asked when she called was, “Are you feeling too tired from work? Working with Alexander can be dull and exhausting. 
“If you’re tired, just take a break. He said he’d like you back when you’re rested. So take it easy for now and go have some fun.” 
“Yes, Grandma. I’ve been feeling a bit exhausted lately, so I’ll take a break. Don’t worry, I’ll visit you at Pearlhall Residence this afternoon.” Skylar reassured her, wanting to ease Gloria’s concerns. 
Today, Alexander had told her that after thinking it over, he believed she was right. 
Someone didn’t want her meddling in the affairs related to the negative items in Jipsburg City, so they used Viola to drive her away. 
Thinking about such a powerful figure lurking behind the scenes in Jipsburg made Alexander realize they needed to tread carefully this time and uncover this person. 
But this matter shouldn’t be shared with Gloria. They would handle it themselves. 
“Just don’t make a fuss about it. Take some time to rest at home. Joe is away on a business trip for a few days, so you should go out shopping with your friends. I have Edgar to look after me. If anything comes up, I’ll have him reach out to you. 
“You’ve been dealing with those negative items in Jipsburg lately, it must have taken a toll on you. Go out and have some fun with your friends,” Gloria said quickly. 
Skylar decided not to insist further. “Alright, I’ll visit you at Pearlhall Residence tomorrow.” 
Chant 1032 
“Sounds good.” 
After Gloria hung up the phone, she couldn’t help but feel worried. 
“Skye suddenly quits her job, and Joe is off on a business trip. Something must be going on with those two. Just a couple of days ago, when Skylar hadn’t quit didn’t they say they weren’t going back to the Galaxy Villa? That rascal, he wouldn’t really be thinking about Vera, would he?” 
Edgar looked at Gloria with a hint of helplessness. “Mrs. Martin Senior, there’s no need to worry about them. It’s normal for young people to have their little disputes. They might argue now, but they’ll be fine in a couple of days. They’ll be back to being all lovey–dovey. 
“They’ve even taken their wedding photos together, so what could really be wrong? My son and daughter- in–law argue almost daily, and it hasn’t stopped them from having children.” 
“You make a point. Let them sort out their own issues. I just feel bad for Skylar. Joe really doesn’t know how to cherish her,” Gloria expressed her dissatisfaction with Joe. 
Edgar chuckled softly as he listened. “Mr. Martin may not be good with sweet swords, but he treats Mrs. Martin very well. As for the rumors about him being involved with Ms. Ruell, those are likely just tabloid nonsense from the reporter.” 
? 
Gloria nodded wearily. “I just realized that avoiding the hospital won’t do any good..I can’t let them worry about me. Please contact the hospital. I’ll check in today.” 
Edgar replied, “And as for Mrs. Martin tomorrow…” 
###chapter1026
 1033
Gloria said, “Just tell her I went to meet a friend. She can come back in a few days. I’ll stay in the hospital for a while and try to hang on a bit longer.” 
Edgar’s eyes grew misty at her words. Gloria had been through so much in her life. Even in her old age, she still had so many worries. 
With the Martins being a handful, his concern for her health grew stronger. He hoped she could hold on for a few more years. 
Vera was chatting with a few friends over tea, feeling a bit bored. 
“Vera, are you and Joe getting engaged soon?” one friend suddenly asked her. 
Vera paused, recalling the current stare of her relationship with Joe. Ever since their brief encounter at the recent gala dinner, Joe had been too busy to meet up. 
It was hard to pinpoint their current stage. Still, Molly’s confident claim lingered in Vera’s mind. She had said Joe would soon divorce Skylar and insisted that Vera wear the ring. 
Vera wondered if it was simply that she had become accustomed to wearing it, but it brought her an inexplicable sense of trust. 
“I’m just friends with Joe. It’s not what you think,” Vera said casually, her tone nonchalant. 
To her friends, she appeared effortlessly confident, a quality they envied. If it had been anyone else, they would have stumbled over their words in front of Joe, but Vera remained completely
composed. 
“In all of Jipsburg, you’re the only one who matches Joe. If you don’t get engaged to him, who else is worthy?” another friend joked. 
The others chimed in, agreeing with her. It did seem that way. 
Vera’s expression subtly shifted as she thought about how she hadn’t married Joe while Skylar had. A wave of discomfort washed over her, almost as if she had swallowed something unpleasant. 
“Alright, let’s stop with the jokes. If anyone overheard, they might actually think I have a relationship with Joe. We’re just friends for now, and whether that change depends on him. 
“I’m tired today, so I’m leaving,” Vera said, rising from her seat. 
The tea had lost its appeal anyway. Her friends exchanged glances, surprised by Vera’s sudden change in mood. 
It felt like Vera was saying she didn’t care, but the intensity behind her words suggested otherwise. They couldn’t help but wonder if the rumors were true that Joe had taken another woman and lost interest in Vera. 
If that were the case, it explained why Vera had been so quick to show her irritation. 
After leaving the tea house, Vera hopped into her car and headed toward the city’s outskirts. 
The drive was smooth, and before she knew it, she had arrived at Galaxy Villa. 
###chapter1027
 1034
Just then, Skylar stepped outside. Skylar was surprised to see Vera as she was about to leave. 
Vera hadn’t expected to run into Skylar after driving here. Just as she was about to leave, she found herself locking eyes with Skylar from her car. 
The frustration that had been simmering inside her suddenly intensified. “I was just driving by,” she said, frowning and speaking in a low voice. 
Skylar thought, “Driving by?” 
She didn’t call Vera out on it. She merely responded with a casual “Oh.” 
Seeing Skylar’s dismissive attitude ignited Vera’s anger. “Do you even know how shameful and disgraceful it is to cling to someone who doesn’t love you?” Vera coldly questioned. 
Skylar shot Vera a piercing look. “Do you know how unethical it is to repeatedly tempt a married man? Unless you have something important to say, stay away from me. 
“As long as I’m still Joe’s wife, you better keep your distance. Otherwise, I won’t hesitate to hold a press conference and show everyone our marriage certificate.” 
“You wouldn’t dare!” Vera’s face paled at the thought. If Skylar were to reveal the marriage certificate, she would never be able to show her face in Jipsburg again. 
Previously, when she bought two negative items at the auction house, she brought trouble upon the Ruell family. Her grandfather was already unhappy with her. Her standing in the family had diminished. 
Her father was seriously injured and harbored some resentment toward her. 
If Joe were to abandon her, it would be easy to imagine that she would lose all her standing in the Ruell family. Her cousins, who were far less impressive, would seize the chance to step on her to rise. 
Thinking about the outcome, she gripped the steering wheel tightly. 
“Then let’s see if you really dare,” Skylar said. Her smile was both teasing and chilling. 
She wouldn’t have been so aggressive if Vera hadn’t provoked her so many times. 
All she wanted was Joe’s stance on their relationship. She would not hesitate to divorce Joe if it meant he and Vera could be together. She would sincerely wish them both a lifetime of love and joy. 
But Vera had crossed a line. 
Vera’s face turned pale as she gritted her teeth at Skylar. She said, “Whether you believe me or not, I’m just passing through here today.” 
With that, she didn’t want to engage with Skylar any longer. 
At first, Vera had misjudged Skylar, thinking she would be easy to deal with. However, she now understood that confronting Skylar head–on would yield no good results. 
With a swift press of the accelerator, Vera sped away. Skylar watched the car zoom off, growing slightly. 
If Vera had been truly confident in her relationship with Joe, she wouldn’t have kept coming back to confront her. 
Later that night, Skylar returned home and found Joe, who had just returned from his business trip. She had been grocery shopping, her hands full of bags. 
As Joe took the bags from her, it dawned on her that he had already returned. “You’re back.” 
Joe replied, “Yeah, I got home about an hour ago.” 
“Oh… have you eaten?” Skylar asked, unsure of what else to say, her tone polite. 
After their trip to the courthouse, their dynamic seemed to have reverted to that initial sense of distance. 
Joe looked at her and said, “I haven’t. Can you make something for me?” 
Skylar couldn’t quite place it, but Joe seemed a bit pitiful. 
Skylar thought, “Could the CEO of the Martin Group really feel slighted just because he hadn’t had dinner?” Skylar shook her head, dismissing the thought as her imagination ran wild. 
###chapter1028
 1035
Skylar said, “I haven’t eaten either. I’ll go make dinner.” 
Joe watched as she efficiently pulled ingredients from the fridge and started cooking in the kitchen. 
Before he realized it, he was captivated by her movements and unable to look away. Skylar quickly prepared two dishes. 
Instead of pasta, she made two servings of beef and lentil soup. They ate in silence, both lost in their thoughts. 
After finishing their meal, Joe cleaned up the dishes before turning to Skylar for a conversation. She looked at him, unsure of what to say. 
After a few minutes of silence, Joe finally spoke, “I’ve been really busy at work these past few days. Let’s go to the courthouse next Monday to finalize the divorce.” 
Skylar was momentarily speechless. Her expression shifted slightly. 
Joe fixed his gaze on her, waiting for her response–a flicker of hope stirred within him when she didn’t answer immediately. 
However, that hope vanished completely when Skylar finally replied, “Okay.” 
Later that night, Joe chose not to stay at Galaxy Villa. 
As he left, he told her, “I won’t be back for a few days. You can stay here peacefully. After the divorce, the Galaxy Villa will be yours. You won’t need to move.” 
Before Skylar could respond, he had already departed. Alone in the now–quiet Galaxy Villa, she felt a moment of disorientation before picking up her phone to call Janine. 
Moments later, she left the villa. 
The next day, Steven and Charles returned home. Both had been busy with work lately. 
They wholeheartedly supported her decision when they heard that Skylar planned to take a break. “Mom mentioned that your online store is doing great. Your income has increased significantly, and you’re even doing live streams. You don’t need to worry about a nine–to–five job anymore. Even if your store didn’t earn much, Charles and I could support you,” Steven said, looking at Skylar. 
No matter what decisions Skylar made, he always supported her. However, he sensed something must have happened. Otherwise, she wouldn’t have quit her job so suddenly. 
Charles also seemed to pick up on the tension, and he and Steven shared a knowing look. They didn’t want to push Skylar. Instead, they agreed to wait for the right moment to bring it up. 
Janine cheerfully headed to the kitchen to prepare dinner. “You three should catch up. Don’t worry about the kitchen. I’ll handle dinner myself tonight.” 
Once Janine was in the kitchen, Charles couldn’t bold back and asked, “Did someone at work bully you? Or did you argue with Joe?” 
They had seen some news about Joe and Vera. 
“There are reasons for my resignation, but it’s not about being bullied by colleagues. Lately, there have been too many negative items in Jipsburg. After helping some people with those issues, I
think 
someone’s got their eyes on me. 
“After discussing it with Mr. Gardner Senior, we decided to publicly state that I resigned while I secretly investigate who is after me,” Skylar explained, opting to share the truth with them. 
Charles furrowed his brow as he spoke, “Someone’s after you? Does that mean you’re in danger?” 
Steven immediately chimed in, “What did Joe say?” 
“I don’t think I’m in real danger. When I say someone’s after me, it means this person is keeping an eye on me. Maybe they’ll keep placing these negative items around people in subtle ways, making it hard to notice, so they can keep causing harm to others. 
“As for this situation… I haven’t told Joe yet. We’re about to get divorced, and sharing this with him would only add to his stress,” Skylar replied calmly. 
Steven and Charles‘ expressions changed as they noticed how indifferent she sounded when she brought up the divorce. 
“The reason I’m telling you two is that I can face this. Lately, there have been too many strange occurrences in Jipsburg. Getting divorced is better for both of us. You two don’t need to worry about me.” Skylar looked at their anxious faces, continuing to explain. 1 
If she didn’t say anything, they would only worry more. It was too difficult to keep secrets in front of them. By being open, she knew they would still be concerned, but at least they wouldn’t jump to
conclusions. 
###chapter1029
 1036
Charles and Steven naturally knew what Skylar was alluding to. 
The worries that had plagued them dissipated in a moment. 
Steven started, “No matter your final decision, I’ll support it. However, you’ve got to update me on whatever happens the second anything changes. I call the shots in our family. If I’ve got to know something, you must not keep it from me. If I can solve the problem for you, I will. If I can’t do so, we’ll deal with it together.” 
Charles agreed wholeheartedly, “Steven is right. Your divorce from Joe makes me feel a little 
uncomfortable because I keep feeling like Joe has taken advantage of you. However, I know that you made this decision for a reason. I support you as well.” 
Tears welled up in Skylar’s eyes upon hearing that. She sipped at her water to hide her tears. 
Janine poked her head out from the kitchen and glanced at them. 
“We’re out of garlic. Could one of you head downstairs to get some? The grocery outside our neighborhood sells a range of fruits and vegetables.” 
She then ducked back into the kitchen and continued cooking. 
Skylar wanted to get some air. She volunteered, “I’ll go. 
“I’ll go with you and get some yogurt too.” Steven followed her out. 
Charles was too late. They’d left before he had the chance to stand up. He thought about it for a moment. Then, he gave the idea up. Purchasing a few cloves of garlic wasn’t a job for three people. 
As Skylar and Steven left their neighborhood, he cut to the chase and said, “In the past, I thought Joe adored you. However, considering how things are going, is there a misunderstanding between you two?” 
“Not really. After living together for a while, we realized that the other had a few unacceptable flaws. It’s not that complicated. Steven, a divorce benefits both of us. In addition, I’ll move back home with Mom after the divorce. It’s great. 
“You, Charles, and Harvey should come home whenever you’re free. We can have dinner and chat often as a family,” Skylar said casually. 
Steven couldn’t catch anything off about her. 
He nodded and replied, “You’re right.” 
“Don’t tell Mom about this yet. After my divorce, I’ll be leaving Jipsburg for a few days. I’ll tell Mom about this when I get back.” 
Skylar felt a bout of regret. She should’ve kept her marriage from them. They would be none the wiser if she got divorced. Yet, they were worrying about her now. 
“Alright.” 
They arrived at the grocery shortly. 
Although it wasn’t large, it had everything one could ever need. 
Steven had always liked yogurt. They had his favorite brand here. 
“Would you like some?” Steven asked. 
Skylar nodded and added, “Right, let’s get two bottles for Mom and Charles respectively.” 
“Okay.” 
On the way home, Skylar ordered a few boxes of milk and yogurt online, which were then delivered to their doorstep. 
Just as she was about to pocket her phone, Paul called. 
“Mr. Ziegler.” 
Paul said hurriedly, “Mrs. Martin, please head back to Galaxy Villa as soon as possible. Something has happened to Mr. Martin.” 
Skylar paled. She repeated incredulously, “Something happened?” 
###chapter1030
 1037
“It’s a long story that can’t be told by phone. Just come quickly, Mrs. Martin.” Paul hung up quickly after he was done speaking. 
Skylar turned to Steven and said, “Steven, something is going on with Joe. I need to make a trip home. Please help me come up with an excuse for Mom.” 
Steven didn’t ask what was up. It was probably an emergency, judging by how blood had drained from her cheeks suddenly. 
Skylar quickly returned to Galaxy Villa. When she opened the door, she saw Paul, Howard, and two doctors in white coats. Howard was walking down the stairs, flanked by them. 
Upon catching sight of Skylar, Paul came over to explain what happened. 
“Mr. Martin had an international conference call just now. However, he fainted suddenly a few minutes before it started! On the way to the hospital, he woke up and refused to go to the hospital. He insisted on coming back to Galaxy Villa.” Paul had a rare look of seriousness on his face.. 
Clearly, Joe was in a dangerous situation. 
Skylar immediately asked Howard, “How’s he doing now?” 
“Don’t be too worried, Mrs. Martin. I’ll give you all the details about his situation later,” Howard said calmly. He saw the two doctors out the door before coming back to speak to Skylar. 
“Mr. Martin’s insomnia had probably contributed to why he fainted. It was an old health issue flaring up.” 
Surprised, Paul remarked, “Mr. Martin hasn’t been plagued with insomnia for a long time.” 
He knew that Joe suffered from insomnia, and he took medication for it. However, such drugs couldn’t be taken very frequently. After getting married, Joe seldom sent Paul to purchase them. 
Suddenly, he recalled how Joe had been staying outside for the past few weeks instead of coming back to Galaxy Villa. Had his insomnia flared up after his separation from Skylar? 
He’d always felt that Skylar had a sort of magic around her. 
Whatever the case turns out to be, Mr. Martin needs to rest well. If there’s nothing serious, don’t inform him about it and instill worry in him. Coincidentally, I found some medicine overseas. We can use it as an opportunity for Mr. Martin to try it out. Perhaps it’ll help his sleep.” Howard wasn’t sure as well. 
medication could be effective. However, Joe didn’t like taking medication. He’d only taken the drugs for insomnia after a few consecutive nights of no sleep. If not, he probably wouldn’t have taken it. 
Joe was the most disobedient and difficult patient he’d ever encountered. 
“Medication? Would that work?” Paul knew Joe too well. 
“Let’s give it a try. He can’t keep staying awake, can he? If he continues losing sleep, death will be in his near future, no matter how healthy he might have been sighed Howard. 
Skylar told them, “I’ll go upstairs and look at him.” 
After she went upstairs, Paul couldn’t help but comment, “While he’s in Galaxy Villa, he never loses sleep. He hasn’t been coming home recently, which caused his insomnia to flare up. I feel like no medication is going to help. They won’t be as effective as if Mr. Martin came back here.” 
Howard was intrigued. He whispered, “Did you think I wasn’t aware? Why else would I have said Joe wouldn’t survive like this for long? They’ve definitely been arguing recently. However, Skylar looks 
extremely concerned over Mr. Martin.” 
Paul rolled his eyes. Did Howard think he was so blind as not to catch that? 
“If they keep refusing to speak to each other, Mr. Martin won’t be able to live for long. Aren’t you a capable man? Come 
up with something,” continued Howard. 
Paul frowned and shot back, “Were you under the impression I was Superman? Why would I know what to do?” 
It wasn’t easy being Joe’s secretary, alright? 
Paul hadn’t turned 30 yet, but he was already suffering from premature hair loss. 
Howard glared at him and said, “If all else fails, we could just spike their drinks. I could get some…” 
###chapter1031
 1038
Paul thought briefly before saying, “Don’t! I feel like what’s going on between them this time is a little out of the ordinary. Let’s refrain from making things worse. 
Howard had just been running his mouth. He emphasized, “Mr. Martin’s health is not something to be kidded with. If he keeps losing sleep, something catastrophic is going to happen. 
“He fainted without warning. This has never happened before. I feel like this isn’t normal. I discussed it with my seniors, and we agree that Mr. Martin’s current health has taken a sharp plunge compared to how he’d been a few months ago.” 
“How could that be? Ever since Mr. Martin married her, he’s never lost sleep. Even on business trips, he could catch two or three hours of sleep. Under such circumstances, his health should only improve. Why would it decline?” Paul couldn’t believe it. 
“I found it weird too. When Mr. Martin got hurt a while ago, he underwent a full body check–up. It showed that he was at the pinnacle of health. Today, his health was nothing in comparison to how it had been. When Mr. Martin wakes up, we’ve got to convince him to get checked up in the hospital,” said Howard. 
Paul nodded. 
Skylar went upstairs and walked into the master bedroom. The door was ajar. 
She tiptoed inside. 
Joe lay in bed with a needle in his arm. He was on a drip. 
When Joe had been stabbed previously, he’d been conscious when she arrived in the hospital. His eyes had gleamed murderously. At least she only worried about how severely he’d gotten hurt back then. Now, as Skylar watched Joe completely unconscious and breathing lightly, Skylar worried that he’d pass away any second now. 
She didn’t dare to make a sound. Instead, she sat beside him and studied him quietly. 
Even though he was unconscious, his brows were still knitted together. His features were as sharp and scary as they’d always been. Sleep hadn’t relaxed him at all. He looked as though his guard was up. 
Gloria was right. Joe had to face too many challenges alone growing up. He had to build a wall around his heart to protect himself. 
Which kid didn’t want to be accompanied and loved by their parents? 
However, Joe had never had that. 
Although she’d suffered at the hands of the Williamses, she’d grown up bathed in love from Janine, 
Steven, and the rest of her brothers. They pampered her all through her childhood. 
Even though she would never know how it felt to be in Joe’s position, she could understand why he didn’t Jike getting too close to others. 
Skylar felt for him. 
Just as she was about to soothe the knot between his eyes, he grabbed her hand. 
“You…” 
She had wanted to ask if he was awake, but he stopped her before she could finish her sentence. 
Joe had caught her hand subconsciously. He hadn’t woken up yet. 
Skylar tried to extract her hand but realized that he had an iron grip on her. She could barely move. 
She lay by his bed and drifted off without realizing it. 
Paul and Howard came upstairs after a while. 
It was time to change the drip out. 
They weren’t expecting to encounter a conscious Joe. 
His dark eyes glared over at them, as though dissatisfied by their arrival. They felt as though their legs had turned into lead and thus rooted into the ground. 
Only then did they realize that Skylar had fallen asleep by his bed. 
Initially, Paul and Howard had been concerned about Skylar and Joe’s relationship. The scene before them floored the two men. However, they couldn’t stop the joy sparking in their hearts. 
Their concern had been for naught. Why would couples fight every day? 
As they were still fretting over their relationship, Skylar and Joe had begun getting along like how they used to! 
Paul and Howard were being third wheels! 
Paul reacted quickly and slipped away. 
Howard was stuck in a limbo. Paul could leave, but that option wasn’t available for him. He could only explain in a whisper, “Mr. Martin, it’s time to change the drip out.” 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
###chapter1032
 1039
Joe said nothing. He glanced at Skylar, who was fast asleep. He glared at Howard and signified that he should change the drip out and get lost. 
Howard took the hint immediately. He sped up. He wanted to leave as soon as possible. Who liked to be a third wheel? 
The two men went downstairs and stared at each other. 
Howard started, “Have we been worrying over nothing? 
“They didn’t need our concern.” Paul nodded. 
Skylar hadn’t thought she would fall asleep. In addition, she sat on the ground with her head on the bed. She fell asleep with her hands interlocked. 
She must have been really sleepy; if not, she wouldn’t have fallen asleep in such a horrible position. 
Skylar couldn’t help but critique herself. Before she could continue, her eyes met Joe’s. 
One couldn’t tell what he was thinking from his dark eyes. 
“How are you feeling?” Skylar asked. She eyed the view outside. 
Night had fallen. How long had she been sleeping? 
The drip had already been taken away. 
Joe said hoarsely, “I’m alright.” 
“That’s great. Mr. Ziegler and Dr. Grey are downstairs. I’ll go get him and ask him to take a look at you” Skylar said. She started to stand up. 
Joe said, “They’ve left. I’m fine.” 
When he thought of how Skylar had seen him in his moment of weakness, fury burned within him. 
Skylar stood up. When she saw their joined hands, a fantasy struck her. It was as though no one would ever separate them. 
Joe followed Skylar’s gaze. When he noticed their hands, he thought Skylar didn’t want him to touch her. Thus, he let go. 
Skylar stared thoughtfully at her now empty palm. 
“I didn’t ask Paul to call you,” Joe added. 
Skylar replied with a pale face, “Yeah, I know. They don’t know we’re getting divorced yet.” 
“So… did you rush over immediately after Paul’s call because you were worried about me? Or was it because you love me?” Joe studied Skylar like a hunter who’d seen through his prey’s disguise. Skylar was his prey. Her heart could’ve been stone cold. 
Skylar met Joe’s eyes. Her heartbeat sped up. 
He was… 
“Is there a difference between worrying you and loving you?” asked Skylar. 
Joe chuckled and replied, “There’s a difference. You could be worrying about me because of Gloria. 
However, if you value me that much, you’re in love with me.” 
“Are you in love with me?” he pressed on. 
Skylar’s ears rang. Had he realized that she loved him? Or had she let slip her secret while she was asleep? 
###chapter1033
 1040
Skylar considered how they were about to get divorced. If he found out, so be it. She planned to come clean. 
“I…” 
Just as she was about to finish her sentence, the doorbell began ringing frantically. 
Joe’s eyes turned cold. Who was the idiot who couldn’t read the room? 
“I’ll go and take a look.” 
Skylar sighed in relief and went downstairs. 
She stood before the door and studied the person outside through the surveillance camera. 
When she saw it was Vera, she frowned. Skylar opened the door and walked out. 
Vera was visibly disappointed upon seeing Skylar. Clearly, she wanted to see someone else. 
She was ringing incessantly on their doorbell in the middle of the night. Vera had better come equipped with a good reason. 
“What do you want?” asked Skylar directly. 
Vera answered, “I want to see Joe. What I have to say would be lost on you. The fact that I’m here at this hour means that I need to see him to discuss something extremely important. Is he at home? Take me to 
him.” 
Skylar immediately called Joe. 
He picked up quickly and asked, “Who is it?” 
“It’s Ms. Ruell. She said she’s got to see you to talk about an extremely important matter.” 
Joe was silent for a few moments. 
As Skylar stood quietly, Vera held her breath in suspense. She was feeling rather nervous. 
Skylar picked up on Vera’s nervousness and couldn’t help but feel confused. Shouldn’t Vera‘ have been extremely confident that Joe would agree to see her? After all, they had a tumultuous relationship together. Why was she nervous? 
“Bring her in,” said Joe. 
Skylar smirked. She’d overthought it. 
Perhaps Joe had been dying to see Vera the second she mentioned her. Skylar felt relieved that she hadn’t impulsively told him about her feelings for him. 
If not, Joe would be making fun of her for that. Skylar had to remember this feeling. Then, she turned to Vera and said, “Do come in.” 
Vera sighed in relief. 
After they walked in, they saw Joe, who’d already come downstairs. He was sitting on the couch. 
Upon noticing him, Skylar shot him a glance before heading upstairs. 
As she stepped onto the first stair, Joe said, “Wait.” 
Vera immediately looked at Joe and said, “Joe, what I have to say next shouldn’t be shared with anyone 
else.” 
She loathed Skylar. 
Thankfully, Skylar knew what was good for her. Knowing that Vera needed to talk to Joe, she went upstairs of her own accord. 
However, Joe had stopped Skylar. 
Vera found Joe extremely hard to read. 
“Anything else?” Skylar asked Joe. 
Couldn’t he tell that Vera hoped she got lost so they could enjoy some alone time? 
“Skylar is my wife. She isn’t a stranger. She’s privy to everything going on in my life,” Joe told Vera. 
###chapter1034
 1041
What Joe meant was that Skylar was privy to everything going on in his life. Naturally, she should be able to listen to what Vera had to say to him. 
Skylar was surprised. 
Joe’s tone turned warm as he implored, “Come here and sit with me for a bit.” 
Skylar wouldn’t turn against him. He was being nice, after all. After a brief moment of thought, Skylar sat 
back down. 
They looked like a beautiful couple. They gave off similar vibes, as though they were a married couple. Perhaps it was because they’d lived together for a long time. 
When Vera thought of that, blood drained from her face. She wasn’t here to watch them show off their love. 
Was Joe trying to make her realize the difficulty of her endeavor and force her to give up? Or was he proving her wrong and telling her he no longer liked her? Instead, was Skylar the woman he loved now? 
Bile scratched the back of Vera’s throat. It was as though someone was choking her. Jealousy flooded 
her. 
Just as Vera was about to lose her composure, Joe’s cold words calmed her down. 
“Well, what do you want?” 
There wasn’t a hint of emotion in his tone. 
Vera found this unacceptable. She watched the couple before her. In the past, she’d imagined a woman by Joe’s side. However, it couldn’t be anyone else other than herself. 
However, Joe now had a woman with him who wasn’t her! How ironic 
T 
Vera gulped and said lowly, “My apologies for coming to see you at this hour. However, I have no ide who else I can turn to. 
“In the past few years, I’ve been studying abroad, and someone has been stalking me. He loves sme madly. I thought he would give up after I came home. However, he just called me and said he would seek me out at my home! He insisted he could give up his life for me and asked me to marry him. 
“He comes from a wealthy family. I couldn’t gather the courage to tell my parents about this. They’re still in the hospital getting treated for the burn wounds. You’re the only person I thought could help. Could your lend me a hand by finding people to chase him out of Jipsburg?” 
O 
“Grandpa can help you with this. There was no need to seek me out.” Joe looked unmoved by this information. Vera couldn’t get a read on him. 
Skylar couldn’t understand Joe. He could always abandon her in favor of Vera. He looked as though he cared deeply about her. However, Joe was distanced and cold when she came to ask for help. 
It was as though Vera was a stranger who didn’t occupy much of his attention and that they were nothing more than an old friend. 
This was completely different from how Skylar had envisioned their relationship to be. 
Joe turned to Skylar after he was done speaking. 
When he saw her with her head hung low, lost in thought, he ruminated on how she would’ve replied to his question if they hadn’t been interrupted by the doorbell 
Vera stared at Joe with her mouth open. Was he completely unconcerned for her safety? 
When he heard about someone who loved her to the point of madness, he showed no signs of caring. How did he think about her? 
She wanted to touch her ring subconsciously. However, Vera remembered that she had put it into her bag before pressing the doorbell. 
If she’d had the ring on, Joe probably wouldn’t have shown her such an attitude. 
“My Grandpa isn’t pleased with me because of the negative items I bought home at the auction. My family members also blame me for that. If I told him about this, it would only further piss him off. Joe, I’m terrified,” Vera bit out through tears. She bent her head in stark contrast to how she used to hold it high. Joe was probably the only man in the world she’d show her vulnerability to. 
If she hadn’t been genuinely terrified, how would Vera allow this side of her to be exposed before Skylar? Skylar was definitely laughing internally about it. 
Of course, Vera couldn’t read her mind. Skylar wasn’t laughing, she was thinking about how she really shouldn’t be staying here. 
###chapter1035
 1042
Anyone with eyes or ears would’ve been able to tell that Vera was trying to vie for Joe’s pity by flirting with 
him. 
How many men could withstand the attraction of their crush flirting with them? In addition, Vera was downright gorgeous. 
O 
Even though Skylar didn’t like Vera, she pitied her. It definitely wouldn’t feel to get stalked by a pervert. Terror was a natural reaction. 
Joe pulled his phone out. 
Skylar raised an eyebrow. It was no wonder he felt for her. She knew Joe had been using her to humble Vera. It was something Joe would do. He was a master of the human nature. 
A burst of joy energized Vera. She knew Joe cared about her. Just as she’d expected, Joe was only waiting for her to give in to him. 
Everyone held grudges. Joe wasn’t an exception. 
However, what he did next came as a surprise to both Vera and Skylar. 
He hadn’t picked his phone up to make a call. Instead, he scrolled through his contacts. 
Then, he read out a string of numbers. 
Vera was befuddled. She stuttered, “Joe, you…” 
Why was he reading out a number? 
Skylar found it familiar. 
“This is Aiken’s number. Ask him to solve your problems,” said Joe. 
Vera’s jaw fell open. Her eyes widened as she exclaimed, “Aiken?” 
She knew Aiken. However, why had Joe asked her to speak to him instead? 
Vera was here for Joe’s help! She wanted to be consoled by him. Couldn’t he tell she was terrified? Hadn’t he picked up on how scary her stalker was through her description? 
She was at once embarrassed and furious. 
“Yeah. Aiken probably hasn’t gone to bed yet at this hour.” Joe checked his watch. 
At the same time, he caught Skylar yawning out of the corner of his eye. It was time to sleep. 
Vera’s eyes were filled with tears. She felt as though the whole world had wronged her. “Joe, is this how you’re going to treat me?” 
When she needed help the most, he pushed her away coldly. Did he think she’d come back from overseas just to get back together with him? Was that why he thought he could trample on her heart like that? 
Would he only be satisfied after quashing her ego entirely? 
Didn’t he know how prideful she was? 
Skylar felt that her continued presence here would be a nuisance. She stood up silently and headed upstairs. She didn’t want to disturb them. 
However, someone foiled her plans. Joe grabbed her hand. 
“Vera, stop saying things that will cause my wife to misunderstand our relationship. How have I treated you all this time?” Joe questioned Vera while he grasped Skylar’s hand firmly. 
Some things had to be explained clearly before Skylar. He’d thought she would get jealous over Vera’s sudden appearance. Clearly, he’d read too much into her behaviour. 
There was no point in testing Skylar like this. He felt embarrassed about his schemes. 
The most important issue was that Vera had been giving him a weird feeling recently. 
Sometimes, it made a fog descend on his mind. 
However, he was as calm as he could be right now. 
Tears had been shimmering in Vera’s eyes. Upon hearing Joe’s words, she froze. The tears cascaded down her cheeks. She felt as though a bomb had detonated by her ears. 
“You…” 
###chapter1036
 1043
Skylar stared at Joe in disbelief. But whatever surprise she felt paled in comparison to the complete devastation on Vera’s face. She looked like she was about to shatter at any moment. And yet, Joe kept piling it on. 
“It’s better to make things clear while my wife is here.” 
The words “make things clear” and “my wife” hit Vera like a series of slaps. 
She felt as if someone was repeatedly striking her across the face. Her head spun, and all she wanted to do was run away. 
“I…” she began, but the rest of the words tumbled out a jumbled mess. She had never felt so humiliated in 
her life. 
“Joe and I were just high school classmates. I came to him today because I knew he could help me. There’s nothing else between us.” 
The word’s barely finished before she bolted from the Galaxy Villa, her steps hurried and frantic. 
After Vera left, Joe turned to Skylar and said, “She’s gone. Let’s head to bed.” 
Skylar was at a loss for words. 
The whole scene with Vera… Was that his way of proving something to her? Was it to show that what people said about him and Vera wasn’t true? That they were just high school friends? 
Did he care so much about whether she misunderstood? 
“Joe, you…” Skylar started, but Joe didn’t meet her eyes. 
Instead, he took her hand and led her upstairs toward the bedroom. “I’m tired. Let’s sleep.” 
They shared the same room and bed that night, but nothing happened. They really just slept. 
Meanwhile, Vera sped back home, heart racing as she gripped the steering wheel tightly. 
Her home had tight security; she didn’t have to worry about someone coming after her. Honestly, things weren’t as dire as she had made them out to be. She just saw it as an opportunity to see Joe again. 
But she never expected Joe to be so cold. 
Yes, back in high school, they were the perfect match in everyone’s eyes. 
They belonged to the same social circle, attending events together and surrounded by friends who always assumed they were meant to be. Even the family elders secretly tried to set them up as a couple, and Vera shared their thoughts. 
After all, during their entire time in high school, Joe had never shown interest in any other girls who liked him. He only ever remembered her name. 
They even spent time daydreaming about the future together on group trips abroad. 
She had assumed they had an unspoken understanding about their relationship. But just now, Joe’s words hit her like a slap in the face, jolting her back to reality; only then did she finally calm down. Looking back, Joe had never once told her he liked her. 
It had always been other people who said he liked her, and she had just believed them. 
She had believed, without question, that Joe would only ever like her–that no one else stood a chance. 
So, feeling secure in her position, she confidently went abroad. 
Over the years, everyone told her that Joe had rejected any woman who came close to him, that he was waiting for her and only her. She was puzzled by why he never sought her out or proposed, but she told herself that the moment he did, she would come back. 
So she waited and waited, and all she got was the news that Joe had married Skylar. That was when she realized she’d been living in a delusion all along. 
“Joe, you’ve made me look like a joke. I won’t settle with this. Once I’ve set my sights on someone, they’re supposed to be mine. I’ll make sure you realize what kind of person Skylar really is. And you’ll regret how cruel you were to me today. I’ll make sure of it!” 
###chapter1037
 1044
After her rant, Vera, still fuming, called Molly. 
Molly sounded out of breath when she picked up the phone, and it wasn’t clear what she’d been doing. 
“It’s so late. What’s the emergency?” she asked, her tone clearly annoyed. 
Vera didn’t care about the time or whether she was interrupting Molly. In anger, she demanded an answer from Molly. 
“Joe was so cold to me, and he even made me explain my relationship with him in front of Skylar. Skylar seems to be more important to him than I am. Is this what you meant when you said once I got back to Jipsburg, he’d start to hate her and fall for me instead?” 
“Did you lie to me?” Vera snapped as she rummaged through her bag, frantically searching for the ring. 
“Why would I lie to you? What would I even gain from that? If you don’t believe me, then return the ring,” Molly shot back, equally frustrated. 
Vera’s expression changed as she suddenly let out a panicked cry, “The ring is gone! I think I lost it when I left Galaxy Villa. I don’t know if I dropped it in the villa or outside!” 
“What? You lost it? Where did you put it? How could you just lose it? You better find it! If Skylar gets her hands on it, you can forget about ever getting close to Joe again!” Molly’s voice was laced with panic 
now, too. 
There was a sound of shuffling on Molly’s end, and Vera vaguely heard her tell someone, “You can go first. 
n 
Despite hearing the commotion, Vera was too focused on her frantic search for the ring to care what Molly was doing. 
Even though she’d downplayed its importance, she realized she had started relying on it, believing it would somehow help her get back at Skylar. 
She emptied her entire bag, but the ring was nowhere to be found. 
Vera’s face turned pale. “I have no idea where it fell. I took it off and put it in my bag because Skylar was there, and it shouldn’t have slipped out. I’ll check my car.” 
Vera rushed out to her car and searched high and low, spending half the night tearing through every corner. But the ring was still missing. 
She was panicking. 
“I can’t find it. What should I do now? I can’t go back to Galaxy Villa at this hour. What if Skylar finds it? What kind of trouble would that cause?” Desperate, she called Molly again. 
This time, Molly sounded much calmer. 
If it’s gone, then it’s gone. Maybe the ring just wasn’t meant for you. Even if Skylar finds it, she probably won’t know what it means. In a couple of days, I’ll send you a necklace. Wear it all the time. And from now on, avoid seeing Skylar–just focus on Joe.” 
Vera reluctantly agreed, but something still didn’t sit right with her. A gnawing unease crept inside like she was falling into a bottomless, dark pit she couldn’t climb out of. 
Skylar had a dreamless night. 
When she woke up the following day, Joe was still lounging in bed. As she tried to get up, he pulled her back down. 
“You already quit your job. Why are you getting up so early? Sleep in a bit longer,” he murmured, his voice still thick with sleep. Barely a minute later, she heard his steady breathing again. He had fallen back asleep. 
Skylar couldn’t help but roll her eyes. She didn’t remember Joe being this fond of sleeping. If anyone found out he had trouble sleeping, they’d never believe it. 
Sure, she had quit her job, but that didn’t mean she had nothing to do. Today, Minerva had invited her to an auction. She wanted her help picking out something special for an elderly relative’s 80th birthday. 
Apparently, Minerva was worried about accidentally bidding on something of bad luck, so she asked Skylar to tag along for good luck. 
Thankfully, the auction wasn’t until 7:00 pm. 
Her mind wandered back to Viola and those two letters. Her thoughts became jumbled. 
Eventually, without realizing it, she fell back asleep. 
When she woke again, she shot up in shock. It was already 11:00 am! She’d slept far longer than she intended. 
Joe woke up around the same time. 
This time, he didn’t try to drag her back to bed. 
It seemed that a full night and morning of rest had left him completely recharged. 
There were no more traces of exhaustion in his eyes, no redness left from sleepless nights. 
###chapter1038
 1045
“Get up for breakfast… well, lunch now,” Skylar said with a soft smile. 
Joe obediently got out of bed. “I’ll head downstairs to check if the family sent over some food from Pearlhall Residence.” 
At the hospital, Gloria walked out of the bathroom in her room. 
She saw Edgar grinning. She asked, “What’s got you so happy? Care to share?” 
“Oh, it’s definitely something to smile about!” Edgar chuckled. “The staff says that Mr. Martin and Mrs. Martin have made up. They just went downstairs to have lunch together, and both of them stayed in all morning resting. They must’ve had a little spat last night but kissed and made up by morning!” He could barely contain his delight. 
It was as if her thoughts had summoned the good news. 
Just this morning, Gloria had been wondering how the two were getting along. And now, they had reconciled. 
Gloria couldn’t help but smile too. “Really? Those two!” 
As long as they were back on good terms, that was all that mattered. 
“I told you not to worry, Mrs. Martin Senior. Young people fight, but that’s normal. A little argument here and there only strengthens the relationship. Look at them! They must’ve worked things out all night, and Mr. Martin–who’s normally a workaholic–didn’t even leave the house all morning,” Edgar said with a laugh. He couldn’t hide his admiration for how resilient young couples were. 
“Ah, feels good to be young.” 
Gloria nodded in agreement, her smile widening. “I’m feeling hungry now. Why don’t you ask the doctor what I’m allowed to eat and have the kitchen prepare it for me?” 
“Right away!” 
He was thrilled as Gloria finally had her appetite back. 
After lunch, Joe went off to work. 
Meanwhile, Skylar had booked her train and bus tickets to visit her hometown in the countryside the next day. She figured it was time to return for a quick visit and had meant to check in on things there. 
She spent the afternoon packing her suitcase, making sure everything she needed was in order. 
By the time she was done, it was already 5:00 pm. She had a light dinner and then headed to the auction that Minerva had invited her to. 
She didn’t know that not long after she left, Joe returned home. 
When Joe returned and didn’t see Skylar, his face immediately darkened. 
He walked upstairs with a heavy expression, and when he saw the half–packed suitcase sitting out in the bedroom, his mood only worsened. 
Inside the suitcase, clothes were neatly folded, alongside a few personal items. The suitcase was still open, suggesting she hadn’t finished packing yet. 
“Skylar, you really think you’ve got this all figured out, don’t you?” he muttered to himself, his voice low and filled with frustration. 
Was she really set on divorcing and moving out? 
After last night and this afternoon, he thought they’d reached an unspoken understanding, that divorce was no longer on the table. 
But it seemed she had made up her mind. 
The Veins on his forehead pulsed with anger. 
He couldn’t stand to be in the bedroom for another minute. Turning sharply, he stormed out and headed downstairs. He pulled out his phone and dialed her number. 
She didn’t pick up. 
His frustration boiled over, and in a fit of anger, he kicked the couch. 
Right at that time, he saw a familiar ring lying in a corner underneath the couch. 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
###chapter1039
 1046
Was it Skylar’s ring? 
But Joe didn’t remember her ever wearing something like this. He picked it up and examined it more 
closely. 
His sharp features softened slightly as recognition dawned–it was Vera’s ring. She must have dropped it last night. 
The ring didn’t seem like just a casual trinket one would give someone for fun. 
The emerald on it… 
Joe found himself momentarily lost in thought as he gazed at the stone. 
At the auction, Skylar waited for Minerva to arrive. 
Minerva had run into some traffic and was running late. When she finally showed up, she was a bit flustered. “I’m so sorry! There was an accident on the road, and it caused a huge delay. Have you been waiting long?” 
Minerva had been anxiously checking the time the whole way, worried she’d miss their appointment. 
Missing the auction wouldn’t have been a big deal–there were plenty of these events in Jipsburg– but being late to something she had arranged with Skylar? That was just rude. 
“I just got here myself. The auction starts in five minutes. Let’s head in,” Skylar said with a smile. 
“Alright.” 
Once seated, the two started chatting casually. 
Despite not knowing each other for very long or having spent much time together, they quickly found common ground. It felt like they had been friends for years. 
“What do you think of this emerald set?” Minerva asked, showing Skylar a stunning collection of imperial green emerald jewelry–a bracelet, earrings, and a necklace. 
Skylar examined it carefully. “It’s perfect for gifting to an elder. I don’t see any issues.” 
“Then I’ll bid on it.” Minerva confidently raised her paddle. 
Items purchased from auctions like this always came with certificates and a clear provenance, ensuring there’d be no embarrassment when gifting them. Plus, no 
With Skylar’s input, Minerva ended up bidding on two 
could question their authenticity. 
was feeling quite satisfied. 
items. By the time they left the auction, she 
On the way out, Minerva couldn’t help but ask, “Was it just me, or was there no cursed item at this 
auction?” 
It seemed like Skylar had given Minerva the green light to bid on every item she had her eye on. Minerva was outbid by others a few times, but she didn’t seem to mind. 
Skylar laughed. “No, there was nothing cursed this time. Honestly, there usually aren’t cursed s on the market, but in the past year or so, they’ve started to show up more frequently. 
“Someone is deliberately circulating them. Whenever you’re thinking of adding more antiques or artifacts to your collection, just ask me to take a look first.” 
“Thank goodness for you,” Minerva sighed with relief. 
If it hadn’t been for Skylar, Minerva might still be plagued by the cursed item she had purchased earlier. 
Worse yet, she might have inadvertently passed along something dangerous to friends or family, causing harm without even realizing it. 
Minerva checked her watch and smiled. “It’s still early. Do you feel like catching a movie with me? There’s a new comedy out, and it’s been getting great reviews. What do you say?” 
Watching a movie alone wasn’t nearly as fun, but having a like–minded friend along always made it better. 
Skylar thought about it for a moment! She didn’t have much to do at home, and her bags were already packed for her trip to the countryside. Watching a comedy sounded like a good way to relax. Plus, she loved comedies. 
It just so happened there was a theater nearby. 
The two of them headed straight there. 
With half an hour until the movie started, Minerva bought a large popcorn and two sodas. Each of them carried a big bucket of popcorn as they entered the theater. 
###chapter1040
 1047
“It’s been so long since I last watched a movie,” Minerva said with a sigh as they walked into the theater.” The last time I went was during my freshman year in college. After that, I just got too busy.” She paused, reflecting on how different her youth had been compared to others–marked by its monotony, perhaps. 
No wonder Rowan found her dull. 
She had grown up following the exact path her parents had laid out for her, never really exploring who she 
truly was. 
But now, spending time with Skylar, she felt relaxed. 
Skylar smiled, “I don’t go to the movies much either. Back in college, I had a close friend who was obsessed with this actor, Austin Powell. Every time one of his films came out, she’d drag me along to watch it.” 
“Austin Powell? I like him too! Whenever I have free time, I binge–watch his shows. He’s an incredible actor. Your friend had good taste–Austin’s a total superstar.” Minerva laughed. 
Just then, Minerva’s phone rang. 
“Excuse me, I need to take this,” she said, answering the call without stepping away. 
The person on the other end was clearly an older woman. 
“Hello, Mrs. Jakeman. I’m sorry, but I haven’t seen Rowan lately, so I’m not sure how he’s doing,” Minerva responded with a soft, polite tone. 
Her words were respectful, and her patience was evident. However, her expression remained distant, almost cold. 
When the conversation shifted to Rowan and their situation, Minerva’s demeanor didn’t change. “Mrs. 
Jakeman, Rowan has moved on. He’s found someone he cares about, and they seem happy together.I wish them the best. So, could you speak to my parents and let them know it’s time to formally end things 
between us.” 
Her voice was calm, as if she were discussing someone else’s life, not her own. There wasn’t a trace of emotion behind it. 
It was as though Rowan’s betrayal–breaking off their engagement and starting a new relationship with Jenny–didn’t faze her at all. 
It seemed that she only cared about ensuring that the engagement was officially called off. 
Whatever the person on the other end said next caused Minerva’s brow to furrow slightly. But her tone. remained gentle and composed. “I’ll go along with whatever my family decides.” 
Finally, she ended the call with 
a courteous, “Goodbye, Mrs. Jakeman.” 
After hanging up, Minerva stood still for a moment, staring at her phone. 
She then tossed it casually into her bag and turned to Skylar with a smile, as if nothing had happened. Shall we go in? I think it’s about time.” 
Skylar nodded without showing much reaction. “Yeah, it’s probably starting soon.” 
They entered the dimly lit theater, each holding a bucket of popcorn. Once they found their seats, they noticed very few people there. 
It was no surprise. The movie had been screening for almost a month and was about to be pulled from 
theaters. It was totally normal that no one was watching it anymore. 
“Looks like we’ve got the whole place to ourselves,” Minerva said, unable to contain her laughter. She looked happy, as if she had gotten a reward. 
“We do,” Skylar agreed, glancing around. Only one other couple was sitting in the back row, far enough away that they might as well not have been there at all. The theater was so empty that it truly felt like a private screening. 
“This is perfect! Now we can laugh as loudly as we want without worrying about anyone else,” Minerva said, her eyes sparkling with a rare kind of joy. 
For some reason, seeing Minerva like this made Skylar’s heart ache a little. 
Despite the fact that everyone around them knew about Rowan and his new relationship with Jenny, no one seemed to consider how much pain this might have caused Minerva. 
Minerva, trying to stay upbeat, shook her head with a smile. “I’m just going to let loose tonight. No point wasting all this popcorn.” 
She glanced down at the massive bucket in her lap. Since she was young, she’d been raised under strict rules about what she could eat. Her mother, prone to gaining weight, had‘ always worried Minerva would inherit the same problem. 
As a result, Minerva’s diet had been heavily restricted. Even now, her mother frequently asked about her weight, scolding her if she gained even a single pound. 
Over time, Minerva had learned to eat sparingly, never indulging. But tonight, she seemed determined to break free from that pattern. 
“I’ll join you,” Skylar said, giving her a playful wink. 
The two women burst into laughter, feeling a sense of camaraderie as they prepared to enjoy the movie and their popcorn without guilt. 
Meanwhile, in the back row, the couple whispered softly to each other, completely unaware of the quiet moment of liberation unfolding just a few rows ahead. 
###chapter1041
 1048
“Rowan, why didn’t we watch a different movie?” Jenny complained. She wasn’t a fan of comedies, especially ones that didn’t feature any of her favorite attractive actors or actresses. 
When Rowan mentioned going to a movie, she thought he meant a romantic drama or a lighthearted love story–not this. 
Jenny was a little displeased. 
Rowan frowned, “Out of all the options, this one seemed the most interesting. The others were mostly kids‘ movies, and I’m not into that. If you don’t like it, you can just use your phone for a while.” 
“I didn’t mean I didn’t like it,” Jenny quickly backtracked, sensing his annoyance. 
Fine, it wasn’t unbearable. She could deal with it. 
Her gaze drifted toward the front of the theater, where two women were sitting. 
The fact that only four people were in the room made it clear this movie wasn’t exactly popular. 
Whatever. 
Rowan had been in a strange mood these past few days, so it was better not to push him too much. Jenny absentmindedly munched on her popcorn, though she found it tasteless. This theater didn’t even make good snacks, and the movie wasn’t her kind of thing either. 
Romantic movies were much better for couples. She didn’t understand why Rowan had picked a comedy. In romantic films, couples always held hands, cuddled, or shared sweet kisses as the plot
unfolded. 
Jenny felt like they were missing an opportunity to connect. 
Lately, it didn’t even feel like they were a real couple. They hardly kissed anymore. 
She found herself more and more distracted, barely paying attention to the film. 
Up ahead, the two women were laughing heartily at a scene. 
Rowan, who had been watching the movie, suddenly started staring at one of the women instead of the 
screen. 
At first, Jenny didn’t notice, but when she did, her jealousy flared. “Rowan, your girlfriend is sitting right here, you know! Why are you staring at them? Do you think I’m not pretty enough for you anymore? If you don’t like me, just say it!” 
S 
Rowan’s eyes shifted back to her, his brow furrowed. He hadn’t been ogling the women, just distracted by how much one of them reminded him of Minerva. 
He had never gone to the movies with Minerva, and that thought made him wonder if she enjoyed them as much as these two seemed to. 
“What are you talking about?” he said, irritation creeping into his voice. “I wasn’t staring because I don’t Nike you. They just 
Ooked familiar.” 
“Familiar?” Jenny scoffed, her lips curling into a bitter smile. “Do you think I’m gonna believe you? You’ve always had a thing for hanging around with other women, haven’t you? You probably wish you could be flirting with them right now instead of sitting here with me.” 
Jenny’s thoughts were more cutting than her sarcastic words. She didn’t believe his whole “sex after marriage” story. 
In her eyes, he was just keeping his options open, afraid that sleeping with her would mean he’d have to stop messing around with other women–especially Minerva. 
Did he really think she hadn’t figured that out? 
Rowan clenched his jaw, frustration bubbling up. He used to have the patience to humor Jenny when she acted like this, but lately, he couldn’t find the energy to deal with it anymore. 
“Stop overthinking it and watch the movie,” he said firmly. 
Jenny’s hands balled into fists, her eyes welling with tears. “This movie is boring! What’s so great about it?” 
She could feel Rowan’s disinterest in’her, and it stung. 
She had barely said a few things, and he was already upset. Shouldn’t he at least try to reassure her? Explain why he was looking at those women? Make her feel secure? 
Rowan exhaled deeply. He found this movie genuinely funny, but with Jenny constantly talking, he couldn’t enjoy it. He envied the two women in front of them, laughing freely. If Jenny would just stop
complaining, maybe they could enjoy the film together too. 
“I don’t get what those two women are laughing at. This movie’s a scam for old folks,” Jenny muttered bitterly. 
That was the last straw. Rowan turned to her, his voice low and strained. “Can you please stop talking?” Jenny glared at him, her anger bubbling over. “Fine! I won’t say another word!” 
If he didn’t want to hear her talk, then she’d give him what he wanted. 
She could stay silent forever if that’s what he preferred. 
Maybe then his precious ears would finally get some peace. 
Let him apologize and try to win her over later. She wouldn’t forgive him this time. 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
###chapter1042
 1049
And just like that, Rowan finally had some peace and quiet–but it left him feeling more unsettled than 
ever. 
The laughter of the two women in front of him, especially the one who reminded him so much of Minerva, kept drawing his attention. By the end, he couldn’t even recall what the movie was about. 
Meartwhile, Jenny sulked through the entire film, stewing in her anger. 
When the movie ended and the lights came up, they were locked in a cold silence. 
As they exited the theater, Rowan was about to come up with an excuse to part ways with Jenny when his gaze suddenly locked onto the woman walking ahead of them. 
His entire focus shifted. 
“I’m heading to a friend’s place tonight. Do whatever you want,” Jenny said sharply, trying to provoke him into realizing how upset she was. 
She wanted him to feel guilty, apologize, and realize he had to make things right with her. Did he really think that he could treat her like this just because she agreed to be with him? 
She remembered how Rowan had practically chased her down, following her to her college, professing his love when she barely gave him the time of day. 
Comparing those days to now only made her feel more indignant. 
But then, she realized Rowan wasn’t even listening to her. His eyes were fixed on the woman ahead of them. And suddenly, Jenny froze, her gaze narrowing on the same figure. 
“Minerva?” she blurted out without thinking, her voice louder than she intended. 
Hearing her name, Minerva stopped in her tracks and turned around. 
When she saw both Jenny and Rowan, the smile on her face disappeared instantly. 
Skylar also turned, following Minerva’s gaze. She frowned slightly, wondering how it was possible to run into them here of all places. What a coincidence. 
Rowan stood there, stunned. It really was Minerva. 
So, the two women in front of them during the movie were Minerva and Skylar? 
His eyes remained fixed on Minerva, unable to look away. 
Jenny’s fury spiked when she saw that. Without thinking, she clung to Rowan’s arm and said in a saccharine voice, “Rowan, I’m starving after that movie. How about we grab some late–night snacks?” 
Minerva’s such a vixen, Jenny thought bitterly. 
Minerva, seeing this display, shifted her gaze away without much of a reaction. 
“Let’s go,” she said to Skylar, her tone flat. 
Skylar nodded, briefly glancing at Rowan and Jenny before turning to leave. Her eyes flicked over Jenny for just a moment, enough to unsettle her. 
Jenny’s heart raced under Skylar’s gaze. Both Skylar and Minerva knew her secrets, and every time she faced them, she had no choice but to lower herself, pretending she was invisible. Otherwise, they might expose her, and Rowan would learn the truth. 
“Rowan, I’m sorry. I was being unreasonable earlier. I realize that now. Let’s just go home,” Jenny quickly said, her voice trembling with panic as she noticed Rowan’s pale face. 
However, his eyes were still glued to Minerva and Skylar as they walked away. 
Does he still have feelings for her? Jenny wondered, dread creeping in. 
Rowan took a deep breath and finally tore his gaze away from Minerva. His voice was heavy with suppressed emotion as he said, “Let’s go.” 
###chapter1043
 1050
In the parking lot in front of the theater, Skylar and Minerva each got into their own cars. 
Minerva had originally wanted to invite Skylar for a late–night snack. There were a few great spots in Jipsburg that served excellent food at this hour, and now was when they’d be the busiest. 
Minerva had always hesitated to indulge herself in the past, but tonight, she felt tempted. Sometimes, she would go to these places, but only to sit there and watch the food, never daring to eat much. 
However, after running into Rowan and Jenny, her good mood evaporated. 
“Let’s make plans another time,” Minerva said to Skylar 
Skylar smiled, “Sure, let’s do it another day. Get some rest tonight.” 
With that, Skylar started her car and drove off first. 
Minerva was about to follow when her phone rang again. 
She glanced at the screen and saw that it was Rowan calling. Her expression immediately darkened, and she rejected the call without hesitation. She hit the gas and drove away, not wanting to deal with him. 
But just a short distance down the road, another car suddenly pulled in front of her, forcing her to slam on the brakes. 
Under the streetlights, Minerva angrily honked her horn 
“What kind of idiot is this?” she muttered, the frustration clear in her voice. 
When the “idiot” got out of the car and started walking toward her, her expression turned even colder. 
“What an idiot,” she muttered again, louder this time. 
Rowan walked up to her car, motioning for her to get out. 
Minerva didn’t budge. 
The sight of Rowan irritated her beyond measure, and it reminded her of the child she’d never got to meet again. The thought only deepened her resentment. 
As Rowan approached, he noticed her icy expression. His heart tightened, a wave of discomfort washing over him. He knocked on her window. 
Minerva sighed deeply, realizing that he wouldn’t let her leave unless she addressed him. She rolled down 
the window, but her face remained emotionless. 
“You better have a good reason for stopping me,” Minerva said, her voice cold and distant. 
Rowan felt a pang in his chest at her indifference. Her refusal to engage with him, her desire to distance herself, hit him harder than he expected. His throat tightened. 
C 
“I saw you at the hospital last time. What’s going on? Are you sick? Is it serious?” Rowan asked, trying to mask the strange feeling bubbling inside him. 
For some reason, the image of Minerva looking pale at the hospital had been haunting him recently. He couldn’t shake the worry. 
Minerva was always careful about her health. She ate clean, managed her weight, and had a private family doctor at her disposal. So why was she in the hospital? 
If it had been something minor, she wouldn’t have needed to go to a hospital at all. 
Minerva let out a short, humorless laugh. “Are you trying to show me that you care now? Did you forget who you’re with, or are you just confusing me with Jenny?” 
She couldn’t help but be amused at the absurdity of the situation. 
Rowan had always been selfish–someone who pursued whatever he wanted, regardless of the 
consequences. 
He had been willing to break off their engagement to be with the girl he had loved for years. Yet now, here 
he was, asking about her health. Did he not worry that Jenny would get jealous if she saw this? Or did he think Minerva needed his concern? 
###chapter1044
 1051
No matter what Rowan thought, Minerva didn’t want to delve deeper. 
Rowan said in a deep voice, “I’m genuinely concerned about you, Minerva. Even though we broke up, it doesn’t mean we can’t be friends. You don’t need to be so hostile toward me.” 
For some reason, he had been reminiscing about their time together lately. When they were together, he felt at ease. And sometimes, he found himself recalling those passionate moments they shared. 
Minerva scoffed lightly. “I’m someone who sees things in absolutes. We broke up because you were still very much in love with the one you deemed your true love, and I accepted the breakup. We will never have anything to do with each other again, let alone be friends. 
“From now on, act like a stranger when you see me. Otherwise, Jenny will get upset when she sees you here like this. I don’t want to deal with any unnecessary drama.” 
“Minerva, we don’t need to be so confrontational. I never meant to hurt you.” Rowan frowned as he noticed how she looked at him, as if he were a stranger. 
He felt an emptiness growing in his heart under her indifference. 
Rowan desperately wanted to hold on to something–perhaps even hold Minerva. At that moment, he didn’t want her to leave. 
Minerva seemed to find his words amusing. “You never intended to hurt me? Rowan, are you playing a childish game here? You committed to marry me, then got entangled with Jenny. I hear you two are living together now. 
“Surely, you must have made plenty of promises to her. Can you just come to my place and be honest for once? Our engagement hasn’t even been called off yet. How can you have the nerve to waste my time and youth like this?” 
She was ready to be honest and open, tired of maintaining a false front. She felt particularly irritable that day and wanted to confront the issue head–on. 
It was time for a serious discussion. 
Her words took Rowan aback. 
Minerva had always been the picture of grace and refinement in Rowan’s eyes. A woman of education. and society, she rarely raised her voice or spoke harshly. 
During their relationship, he had sometimes thrown tantrums, but she had always remained calm and gentle. 
Now, witnessing her anger and profanity, he was reminded of their more intimate moments. When he had pushed her too far, she had retaliated with bite marks on his shoulder and scratches from her sharp nails. It wasn’t that she couldn’t be angry. It was just that she had hidden her true self from him. 
Rowan felt uncomfortable and said, “You don’t have to be so harsh, Minerva. I never meant to waste your time or youth. It’s just… I’m not sure how to break this news to your family.” 
Minerva’s tone was filled with contempt. “Those excuses might fool na?ve girls, but not me, Rowan. I’ve noticed you’re leaving yourself a way out. You plan to take Jenny back to your family and wait
for me to Initiate the breakup so you can escape blame from both sides. You’ve thought this through, haven’t you? I 
must have underestimated you.” 
Their time together seemed to have been a complete waste. 
Rowan’s expression darkened. “After all this time, do you really think I’m capable of such a thing? I haven’t considered everything yet. I promise I’ll visit your family in the next few days to explain everything. I won’t let you take any blame from them, I swear. 
Mínerva’s expression softened slightly. “Let’s set a time.” 
“You’re… in such a hurry?” Rowan noticed that Minerva had truly moved on. Her indifference toward their engagement made him feel a strange discomfort. 
Minerva raised an eyebrow. “Of course, don’t let this interfere with you and Jenny being together openly. And I can’t have it stop me from seeing other people either.” 
“Other people? You mean… You actually like someone?” Rowan’s expression changed. 
Minerva didn’t want to say much more to him. After being hurt once, she had no intention of being hurt again. Instead, she wanted to focus on her career and escape the arranged marriage her family was trying to force on her. 
But since Rowan had asked, she decided to play along and nodded. “Yes, I do.” 
At her words, Rowan’s expression shifted once more. She actually had feelings for someone else. 
###chapter1045
 1052
Rowan tightened his grip, staring at Minerva for a moment. Minerva felt somewhat perplexed under his gaze. 
“I have things to do. Just text me when you.set a time,” Minerva said, wanting to avoid wasting more time. She couldn’t shake the feeling that there was something unusual in Rowan’s eyes, as if he still had lingering feelings for her. But then she reminded herself that it was impossible. Rowan was completely focused on Jenny now. She was just one of his past flings. 
The more she pondered, the more she felt that her earlier judgment had been clouded. 
She had once believed Rowan could be reliable. After all, she was young and na?ve when she fell for him. So, when they got engaged, she was overjoyed. 
Now, she couldn’t help but feel a wave of regret, as if she had made a huge mistake. There was no reason for him to stop her from leaving. 
Watching her drive away, Rowan stood frozen in place, lost in thought for a long time.. 
It wasn’t until his phone’s incessant ringing that he finally snapped out of it. When he picked it up and saw 
it was Jenny calling, he frowned and then immediately turned off his phone. 
He knew he wouldn’t be able to have a meaningful conversation with Jenny today. They both needed some time to cool off. 
Meanwhile, Jenny kept calling. When she realized Rowan not only wasn’t answering but had also turned off his phone, she was furious and almost threw her phone at the wall. 
Rowan must have intentionally turned off his phone and was ignoring her calls. Frantically, she dialed one of Rowan’s friends. 
“Is Rowan with you? No? Did you two make plans for tonight? Oh, okay.” 
“No! Rowan actually lied to me,” Jenny thought angrily. 
Just moments ago, as they left the cinema, Rowan said he was meeting friends to discuss some business matters. He told her that no one would be bringing their family or girlfriends, so he had just called a cab for her to go home. 
But it was a lie. 
Suddenly, she remembered seeing Minerva at the cinema. 
Rowan had been acting so distracted when he saw her. She wondered if he had gone to find Minerva. 
She felt repulsed by his action. 
Minerva had said time and again that she was done with Rowan. But clearly, that wasn’t true. They had been exchanging glances right in front of her as if they thought she wouldn’t notice. 
Jenny felt like she was about to explode with anger. She couldn’t let Rowan see Minerva again. 
Minerva must have regretted getting rid of that baby, and their encounter at the cinema couldn’t have been a coincidence. It was clear that Minerva saw them at the cinema, so she brought Skylar with her and chose to watch the same movie. 
Determined, Jenny vowed, “Mineva, no matter what you do, Rowan and I will not break up. We will always be together.” 
If Minerva had heard Jenny’s words, she would have undoubtedly been curious about Jenny’s thought 
process. 
212 
As Skylar drove back to Galaxy Villa, she spotted a dessert shop she often frequented was still open. She parked her car and went inside to pick up a few sweets for a late–night snack. 
Just as she was about to scan her payment, she noticed an incoming call on her phone. 
Joe had called her earlier. She had no signal in the underground parking garage and had missed the call. 
After that, she and Minerva entered the auction, leaving her with no chance to check her phone. 
She wondered what Joe needed to talk about. 
After paying, she returned to her car and called Joe. He didn’t answer. 
She decided not to try again. She would just go home first. 
20 minutes later, Skylar arrived home. 
###chapter1046
 1053
The lights were on in the Galaxy Villa. 
Joe was home, yet he hadn’t answered her call. Skylar wondered if he was busy just now. 
With a mix of curiosity and concern, Skylar stepped inside. As she entered, she noticed Joe sitting on the couch not far away. 
He was so engrossed in whatever he was doing that even the sound of her opening the door didn’t catch his attention. Not wanting to disturb him if he was working, she quietly slipped off her shoes before walking over. 
But instead of working, Joe was staring intently at a ring resting in the palm of his hand. He was completely lost in thought. 
Skylar couldn’t help but feel a surge of curiosity. Intrigued, she focused her gaze on the ring. 
It was an emerald ring, giving off an ancient charm. Suddenly, her eyes lit up, and she took a step closer. 
“Where did you get this ring? Who gave it to you?” she asked. 
She remembered this was the same ring she had seen in her online store. However, it seemed Joe didn’t hear her question. His gaze remained fixed on the ring, completely absorbed. 
Skylar’s heart skipped a beat. There was no time to dwell on it. With mounting concern, she reached out and gently took hold of Joe’s other hand. 
His palm was still warm, but hers felt cold. 
“Joe, can you hear me? You need to stop looking at that ring. There’s something wrong with it.” 
Skylar couldn’t quite figure out what was wrong with the ring, but Joe’s unusual demeanor made her certain it wasn’t good. 
And now, she was truly worried about Joe. 
Unfortunately, Joe didn’t hear her words. He remained fixated on the ring in his hand. 
“Joe.” 
Skylar quickly rummaged through her bag when it became clear that her calls wouldn’t wake him. 
Inside, she found some talisman and hastily drew a symbol, folding it neatly before slipping it into Joe’s suit pocket. 
She continued to call his name, “Joe, can you hear me? You need to stop looking at that ring. You’re not weak–willed; don’t let the ring manipulate you.” 
Her voice was soft, yet it carried an unmistakable urgency that was hard to conceal. 
She had never dealt with a situation like this before and had never expected to see that suspicious ring in Joe’s possession. 
The situation caught her completely off guard. 
Perhaps the talisman was starting to take effect. Or maybe it was her persistent calls that finally reached. Joe. With a stiff neck, Joe slowly lifted his head and looked toward Skylar. 
At that moment, Skylar noticed the bloodshot tint in Joe’s eyes. He had been struggling to stay awake all this time. 
She understood the effects of negative items well. Only those with immense willpower could resist their influence. Any sign of weakness, even the smallest hint, could lead to being ensnared by such a negative 
item. 
Skylar couldn’t shake the feeling that Joe had been fighting hard against the ring’s influence. 
Tears threatened to spill from her eyes as she looked at him and said, “Just give me the ring. You only need to hand it to me, and I’ll handle the rest.” 
Without hesitation, Joe placed the ring into her palm. The moment it left his hand, the bloodshot tint in his eyes faded away as if the earlier haze of confusion had been nothing but a dream. 
As Skylar accepted the ring, she suddenly felt a strong wave of dizziness wash over her. Thankfully, Joe caught her just in time. 
“Who gave you this ring?” Skylar asked, closing her eyes to steady herself against the lingering wave of dizziness. 
When she opened them again to look at Joe, her complexion had paled slightly, but she remained focused and determined. 
###chapter1047
 1054
Joe said, “The ring belonged to Vera. She must have accidentally dropped it here when she came over last night.” 
Joe felt a dull ache forming in his head. 
The moment Skylar asked him, his mind went blank for an instant. But soon after, memories rushed back. 
When Skylar heard it was Vera’s ring, she suddenly recalled a time in Fachington when they had dinner at a hotel restaurant. Vera had been wearing an emerald ring then. 
It had looked familiar, but when Skylar tried to get a better look, Vera had hidden the ring under her sleeve. 
Noticing the change in Skylar’s expression, Joe asked, “Is this ring a negative item?” 
“I’m not sure yet. I don’t sense any negative energy from it, but there’s something off about it,” Skylar replied, shaking her head. 
This ring was different from the negative items she had encountered before, and she couldn’t quite grasp what it truly was. 
Joe’s expression darkened. “When I picked up the ring, I felt my thoughts slipping away. It was like a voice kept telling me I should return to Vera and choose her as my lifelong partner. That voice wouldn’t leave my head, and I tried to argue, but no words would come out.” 
Before he could finish, he inadvertently glanced at his watch. When he saw the time, his expression changed dramatically. “Is it really 10:30 pm?” 
“Yeah, it’s 10:30 pm,” Skylar confirmed. She glanced at the clock, which indeed showed the time. 
After that, she continued examining the ring. 
Joe’s expression turned serious when he saw the time. He furrowed his brow and said, “If I told you I’ve been sitting here fighting against that voice since I found the ring at 6:00 pm, would you believe me?” 
Four hours had passed. Until he checked the time, he thought only a few minutes had passed. 
He had heard that negative items could confuse one’s mind, and while he knew some people had been affected by them, he never imagined he would experience it firsthand. Now, he understood just how insidious these items could be. 
“I believe you. You’re impressive. From what you described, this ring has a significant influence on you, and it’s rare for someone to resist its temptation like you have.” Skylar praised Joe sincerely. 
Joe raised an eyebrow at her compliment, his expression still serious. “What do you mean when you say you’re unsure if it’s a negative item?” 
“It’s probably because my abilities aren’t strong enough to determine its nature right now. I’ll take a closer look. If it is a negative item, then it must have been tampered with,” she replied solemnly. 
Joe nodded in agreement. “I think it’s likely that it’s been tampered with. It’s a negative item.” 
“Do you know who gave this ring to Vera? Can you ask her about it?” Skylar inquired as she examined the ring more closely. 
Joe said, “It should be Molly.” 
Skylar wasn’t surprised to hear that it was Molly. Joe had been investigating Molly for a while now. However, she hadn’t expected Vera, who had suffered from an encounter with a negative item recently, to 
still have the audacity to accept such an antique from someone else, not knowing whether it was dangerous or not. 
It was incredibly reckless of her. Or perhaps Vera knew it was a negative item and still chose to accept it. 
“I’m close to finding out who’s backing Molly. I’ve recently uncovered some clues,” Joe added. Skylar suddenly thought of Viola. If they could find out who was behind Molly, it would certainly benefit Viola. 
“Do you know that this ring was meant to target you?” Skylar asked cautiously. 
She didn’t want to sow discord, but the ring’s significant impact on Joe indicated that Vera’s intentions were clearly directed toward him. 
“Yeah, I know,” Joe replied, his voice calm but with an unmistakable coldness. 
###chapter1048
 1055
Joe didn’t lack intelligence. 1 
Considering Vera’s recent unusual behavior, combined with the effect the ring had on him earlier, he would be a complete fool if he failed to deduce who the ring was truly meant for. 
Skylar said nothing further. After a careful inspection she rubbed her eyes and focused intently on the inside of the ring. 
“Do you have a magnifying glass at home?” she asked. 
“Yes, I’ll go get it,” Joe replied. 
A few minutes later, Joe returned from upstairs with a magnifying glass. Skylar took it and immediately examined the interior of the ring. 
When she saw the engraved patterns, her earlier confusion began to clear. 
“No wonder…” she murmured. 
“What do you mean, no wonder?” Joe asked. 
Skylar traced her fingers over the shallow patterns. They were so subtle that without a closer look, one could easily mistake them for scratches. 
“Take a look. Don’t you find these patterns strange? Because of these patterns, people wouldn’t realize it’s a negative item.” 
Joe took the magnifying glass and examined the area she indicated. 
He did see some patterns, but they looked somewhat haphazard to him, and he couldn’t fathom their significance. 
“They really are there,” he said. 
Skylar smiled and nodded. “Next time a suspicious antique comes up, I’ll examine it for these patterns. 
Finally, she discovered the flaw in the negative item. 
“Oh, right. Vera probably feels anxious about losing the ring. Has she asked you to retrieve it?” she inquired. 
Joe stared at her for a moment. “No.” 
Skylar felt a bit perplexed under his gaze. Surely, there wasn’t anything on her face. However, the pressing matter was what to do with the ring. 
“Is she really not anxious about losing the ring?” Skylar turned the ring over in her hands, examining it closely. 
It was quite beautiful. If it weren’t a negative item, it would be lovely to wear on a regular basis. 
“She’s worn this ring every time I’ve seen her recently,” Joe recalled thoughtfully. 
Skylar nodded, glancing at Joe as if she wanted to say something but then held back. Given Joe’s relationship with Vera, she felt it was better not to say too much. 
In truth, Vera’s repeated appearances with the ring would undoubtedly bring about changes and influence 
Joe significantly. If he loved Vera deeply, his feelings would only grow stronger. 
But if he didn’t, the ring’s effects might still make him see Vera as someone exceptional, gradually 
drawing his attention to her. 
“I’ll go upstairs to change my clothes first, and then we can discuss how to handle this ring,” Skylar said, placing the ring on the table before heading upstairs. 
Just as she reached the staircase, Joe called out to her. 
“Skylar, I saw the suitcase in the room. Are you planning to move out of the Galaxy Villa? 
“Are you waiting for me to go to the courthouse with you tomorrow to get a divorce?” 
Skylar turned back, surprised by his assumption. She hadn’t expected him to misunderstand her intentions. 
###chapter1049
 1056
Skylar explained, “You misunderstood. I’m planning to visit Grandma Viola’s place in the countryside.” 
The tension in Joe’s dark eyes eased as soon as he heard her explanation. The frustration that had been stirring in his chest gave way to a sense of relief. 
“When are you leaving?” he asked. 
“Tomorrow,” Skylar responded. 
Joe didn’t ask any further questions, though his half–lowered gaze indicated he was thinking about something. 
Skylar turned and went upstairs to change her clothes. When she returned a few minutes later, Joe had just gotten off the phone. 
He turned to her. “I had Paul book train tickets. I’ll go with you tomorrow,” Joe announced. 
“What?” Skylar was taken aback. “You’re going with me to the countryside?” 
“Yeah, is there a problem?” Joe’s expression remained calm. 
She shook her head. “No, not really. But the countryside isn’t exactly comfortable. Are you sure you can handle it?” 
Joe raised an eyebrow, his voice cold but determined. “What can’t I handle?” 
“Fine. But I have already bought my train ticket. We might not even sit together on the train-” Skylar began, but Joe cut her off mid–sentence. 
“It’s just over an hour by train. I don’t need to sit,” he said firmly. 
He had even considered standing for the entire train ride. Skylar knew then that Joe was determined to join her on this trip to the countryside, no matter what. 
Afterward, Skylar carefully dealt with the ring. Then, she and Joe packed up a few things together. 
Since shopping in the countryside wasn’t convenient, they made sure to bring enough clothes and daily essentials. By the time they were done, it 
was already past midnight. 
After breakfast, they headed straight to the train station the following day. On the way, Skylar informed Gloria of their plans. 
Gloria thought they were just taking a trip to the countryside to relax and cheerfully mentioned that they Gloria thought they were just taking a trip to th should all have dinner together when they returned. 
After finishing the call with Gloria, Skylar also called Janine to inform her of the plan. Since they hadn’t been back to the countryside since arriving in Jipsburg, Janine mentioned she wanted a few things at home. 
She reminded Skylar to bring a few items back when she returned and to check for any issues with the house. 
Once they boarded the train, Skylar noticed the seat next to her remained empty as the person who had booked it was a no–show. 
Joe took the seat beside her, and from the moment they sat down until they reached their destination, no 
one came to claim the spot. 
Skylar figured Joe hadn’t previously traveled on such a crowded, older train. The train was full, and the 
seats were quite cramped. 
Facing strangers wasn’t a big deal for her, but it was probably uncomfortable for Joe. Skylar could sense his slight impatience. 
The weak phone signal made streaming videos or shows difficult. Seeing Joe’s growing frustration, Skylar suggested, “I downloaded a movie in advance. Do you want to watch it together?” 
The trip took only about an hour, just enough time for them to finish the movie before they reached their 
stop. 
Joe simply nodded in agreement, keeping his usual cool demeanor, which Skylar had grown used to by 
now. 
Skylar handed Joe a Bluetooth earbud, and they watched the movie together. Time passed quickly, and before they realized it, they had arrived at their stop. 
The platform at their stop was crowded. Joe held Skylar close, making sure she wasn’t jostled or pushed by others. 
Across the street from the train station was the bus terminal. Skylar had refunded her original ticket the day before and purchased two tickets for a bus leaving half an hour later.” 
By the time they got to the bus terminal, it was already midday. While waiting for the bus, Skylar went to buy two burritos. 
There wasn’t much to eat around the station, but these burritos were one of the better options. 
Skylar glanced at Joe, unsure if he would like the food. “Give it a try. If you don’t like it, I have some sandwiches in my bag,” she offered. 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter1050
 1057
Joe took the burrito from Skylar and immediately took a bite. The burrito had crispy fried bits inside, giving it a delightful texture. It was surprisingly delicious. 
He was actually quite hungry. 
A wave of contentment washed over him as he glanced at Skylar, who was busy eating with her head down. It was remarkable how something as simple as sharing a street food meal could bring a sense of tranquility and comfort. 
“This is pretty good,” he remarked. 
Skylar looked up and smiled at him. “When I was in high school in Liberty County, I used to have these burritos from a stand outside the school. They tasted similar to this one.” 
“You went to high school here?” Joe glanced around at Liberty County. 
There weren’t any tall buildings, and there weren’t many people around. But the streets were clean and well–kept 
“Yeah, right here,” she said, familiar with every inch of this place. She hadn’t had much chance to come back since starting college. 
Joe suddenly suggested, “After we return from the countryside, take me to see your school.” 
Skylar nodded enthusiastically. “We can buy tickets for the evening train for our return trip. I’ll show you 
around.” 
“Sounds good.” 
They boarded the bus and sat for another several dozen minutes. To Skylar’s surprise, Joe didn’t complain about anything during the trip. 
It seemed he really was just curious about the countryside and eager to explore. 
In reality, there weren’t many young people in the countryside anymore. Most had moved away, so it was mostly older folks around now. 
When they arrived, Alma Vega, a neighbor, squinted at Skylar for a moment before recognizing her after Skylar called out, “Mrs. Munoz Senior.” 
“Oh, Skye! I haven’t seen you in two years. You’ve become even more beautiful. Is this your boyfriend?” 
Skylar smiled and confirmed it was true. Joe followed suit, addressing Alma warmly as “Mrs. Munoz 
Senior.” 
Alma beamed and asked, “Are your mom and brothers hot back yet?” 
Skylar laughed lightly and said, “They’ve been busy lately. They’ll come back to visit soon.” 
“Good, good. The village is getting quieter with fewer people around. You should visit more often. By the way, Viola returned a few days ago but only stayed for one night. 
“I didn’t get a chance to talk to her. Is she traveling with you guys to Jipsburg?” Alma was getting older and a bit hard of hearing, so she spoke loudly. 
Skylar’s expression shifted at the mention of Viola. “Mrs. Munoz Senior, are you sure Grandma Viola came back?” 
“Of course, Syke! She’s lived in our village for over 20 years. I wouldn’t mistake her for anyone else. 
Although, she didn’t seem very well. She was coughing quite a bit,” Alma replied. 
Skylar felt a wave of concern for Viola’s condition. After exchanging a glance with Joe, she spoke briefly with Almá before leading him to the home where she had grown up. 
The house in the countryside was simple–a two–story home. Since it had been a while since anyone had lived there, the yard was filled with dust and overgrown grass. 
Joe was proactive. He didn’t mind the mess in the yard or the house, and he immediately started tidying up with Skylar. 
After about an hour of work, the bedroom was livable again. 
Skylar took care of the yard, cleaning it up somewhat, although it wasn’t completely spotless. They could finish cleaning it gradually over the next few days. 
It was fine as long as they could stay there tonight. On their way back, they had picked up some groceries, and the kitchen was equipped with the necessary cooking utensils. 
They had just bought cooking oil, salt, soy sauce, and vinegar. It was simple enough to whip up a couple of dishes. 
After a long day of traveling and tidying up, Skylar and Joe felt slightly exhausted. 
Once Skylar finished cooking, they moved the table outside and enjoyed their meal in the yard. The countryside was particularly quiet, and the two of them didn’t say much while they ate. 
Yet there was a shared warmth in their smiles. As they cleaned earlier, they had worked seamlessly together, almost like a married couple living together for years. 
The thought made Skylar chuckle softly, prompting Joe to glance her way. 
###chapter1051
 1058
Joe’s eyes carried a hint of a smile. Suddenly, he felt that if he had enough of living in Jipsburg City, he could come here to stay for a while each year. 
Living simply with Skylar here felt quite comfortable. 
“After dinner, let’s visit Grandma Viola’s place. Mrs. Munoz Senior likely didn’t mistake her. Grandma Viola must have come back a few days ago,” Skylar suggested. There was a trace of regret in her voice. 
She should have returned a couple of days earlier. Then, they might still have gotten a chance to see Viola. 
But then again, if Viola had returned a few days ago, she wondered if that meant someone had forced her to write those letters. 
She hadn’t thought much about it when Alma mentioned Viola earlier. But now, as the thoughts settled in, an unsettling feeling crept over her. 
The nightmares referenced in the letters were a past she wished to forget. She wondered if those letters truly indicated Viola’s intentions. 
Joe noticed the quick shift in Skylar’s emotions and asked, “Are you worried about Grandma Viola?” 
He sensed that there was something more than just concern in her voice when she mentioned her. It felt like she was harboring a fear, and he wondered what she feared. 
It seemed that both she and Alexander were deliberately concealing something lately. He felt that it was somehow likely related to Viola and them. 
“Grandma Viola is getting older. From what Mrs. Munoz Senior said, she’s been unwell lately. I just don’t know if she can take care of herself,” Skylar admitted, genuinely concerned for Viola’s well– being. 
“Don’t worry. Grandma Viola will take care of herself.” Joe reassured her. 
“Yeah.” 
After finishing their meal, Skylar and Joe headed to Viola’s house just next door. The door was locked, but Skylar had the key. 
After unlocking the door and stepping inside, they found the yard had been cleaned thoroughly. It was clear that someone had been living there recently. 
Skylar quickly moved to open the door to the house. 
Inside, the entire house was as tidy as the yard. It held many of Skylar’s childhood memories. It was a two- story house, and the second floor contained many of Viola’s old belongings, all of which were locked 
away. 
Skylar had keys that could open those locks. The second floor was spacious, and she remembered that every time she came to Viola’s house to learn how to restore antiques, she would spend her time on that floor. 
“Be careful not to touch anything. Grandma Viola has set up some traps. You might get hurt if you’re not careful,” she warned. 
Skylar was familiar with the place and felt at ease, but Joe had never been there before, and any careless movement could lead to injury. 
Joe nodded in acknowledgment and followed closely behind Skylar as they moved inside. She felt 
relaxed surrounded by the items she knew so well. 
Skylar pointed to one of the porcelain and said, “I restored that when I was 15. It was my first independent restoration project. Grandma Viola told me I had a talent for it, and I was so happy that I couldn’t sleep that night.” 
Joe followed her gaze, looking at the seemingly unremarkable porcelain. It was almost restored to its original state. If one didn’t look closely, they wouldn’t notice any signs of previous damage. 
“15 years old?” he asked. 
“Yeah.” 
“That’s impressive.” Joe genuinely praised her. 
###chapter1052
 1059
After looking around, Skylar felt a bit disappointed. “Grandma Viola cleaned the second floor but didn’t leave any useful information. Let’s check downstairs.” 
“Can I take a look at the porcelain you restored?” Joe asked. 
“Sure, you can pick it up. There are no traps underneath,” Skylar replied, glancing back at the porcelain. 
After they finished talking, she suddenly noticed that there seemed to be a few more books on the shelf. She quickly walked over to examine them while Joe carefully observed the porcelain. He couldn’t help but admire Skylar’s talent. 
At 15, Skylar’s restoration skills were extraordinary, and he knew hardly anyone in Jipsburg could do what 
she did. 
He noticed a sticky note attached to the bottom as he was about to put the porcelain back. 
He was about to mention it to Skylar, but seeing her engrossed in her reading, he decided not to disturb 
her. 
He discreetly peeled the sticky note off. The note had words written on it. At first, he thought it was just an introduction to the porcelain. 
But as he read the words, his expression changed dramatically, and a flicker of alarm crossed his face. 
Yet, within just a few minutes, he regained his composure and slipped the note into his pocket. He gently set the porcelain down and walked over to Skylar. 
Looking down at her as she focused intently on the book, a mixture of emotions flickered in his eyes- concern, reluctance, and a tinge of sorrow. 
Skylar continued flipping through the new books, unaware of Joe standing beside her. She recognized these books from the library, but they held no valuable information, leaving her somewhat let down. 
Skylar sighed with a hint of disappointment as she turned to Joe and said, “Let’s go.” 
She had expected him to be engrossed in examining the porcelain. Yet, there he was, standing right 
beside her. 
L 
Joe’s gaze was intense as he looked at her. Skylar felt puzzled under his scrutinizing gaze. “Is there something on my face?” 
She touched her cheek, unsure if there was anything amiss. 
Joe quickly averted his eyes. “Nothing, let’s go.” 
Skylar shrugged it off. Joe’s thoughts were often hard to read, and he might simply be feeling bored. 
After leaving Viola’s house, Skylar led Joe through the small village. It wasn’t large, but they could explore the entire place in about half an hour. 
That evening, they settled for a simple bowl of pasta for dinner. With the television at home broken, they sát in the yard afterward, lost in thought while occasionally glancing at their phones. 
Joe was preoccupied, his expression serious as he typed away on his phone. Seeing this, Skylar decided not to interrupt him. 
Instead, she sent a quick WhatsApp message to Alexander, letting him know about Viola’s recent return. Alexander replied promptly. 
“If Viola hasn’t been kidnapped, then those letters… Skye, we need to reconsider this matter. You don’t 
have much time left.” 
Skylar felt a wave of concern wash over her as she read Alexander’s message. If Viola had indeed written. the letter without any coercion, it meant what she had said was true. 
She couldn’t continue to be involved in the negative events surrounding Jipsburg City, and she needed to divorce Joe. After pondering for a moment, she contacted Aiken for an update. 
Aiken responded just a few minutes later. “I just learned that Madam Viola returned to the countryside five days ago and left three days ago. She should be in Jipsburg now. We should be able to locate her in about three days.” 
Skylar hadn’t expected Aiken to act so quickly. He had already found out that Viola had returned to the countryside. It seemed they would find her soon–as long as they located Viola, all her questions would finally have answers. 
###chapter1053
 1060
Skylar glanced at Joe, who was still engrossed in his work. She then lowered her head to respond to Aiken. 
They sat in silence for quite some time. 
As the night deepened and the occasional croak of frogs could be heard, Joe suddenly set his phone down. “A car will be here shortly to take me back to Jipsburg. I have some urgent work to attend to.” 
His eyes appeared deep and unfathomable under the dim glow of the moonlight. 
It was as if turbulent waves had once surged beneath the surface, but now they lay completely still. Skylar was taken aback. “Are you leaving tonight?” 
She checked her phone and saw that it was already nearly 10:00 pm. 
“Yeah.” Joe’s tone sounded flat. He exuded a demeanor that suggested he would not be disturbed, a stark contrast to the more approachable man she had encountered in the past couple of days. 
It felt as though he was a different person, leaving her with a sense of disconnection. Skylar pondered what had changed since their return from Viola’s house. 
Joe’s demeanor seemed off, and she couldn’t help but wonder if it was related to work. 
They fell into a silence that lasted for several more minutes. 
Skylar had no idea when Joe had made the call, but soon enough, she heard the sound of a car approaching outside. Moments later, there was a knock at the door. 
Skylar was about to open it when Joe strode across the room with long strides and reached it first. 
He opened the door and addressed the person outside, saying, “Wait a few minutes.” 
Joe entered the room and pulled out his suitcase. As he passed Skylar, he said, “Call me if you need anything.” 
Skylar looked at him and replied, “Okay, be careful on your way back.” 
Joe exchanged a glance with Skylar before quickly averting his gaze and heading out. Soon after, she heard the sound of a car starting up. 
Just like that, Joe left. The quiet yard was left with only Skylar. 
She stood there for a moment, lost in thought for a moment. However, it didn’t take long for her to shake off the feeling of melancholy and regain her composure. 
It was time for bed. The following day, Skylar woke up early. After getting out of bed, she searched for what Janine needed. 
Even though it had been a long time since she was home, Janine remembered where everything was 
stored. 
Skylar and Janine video–called each other. 
Janine gazed at the familiar surroundings of their rural home and sighed. “When I married your dad, I thought I would spend my entire life here. I never imagined I would leave after living there for half a lifetime. 
“When Christmas comes, and you all have some free time, let’s come back and celebrate together. It’ll be just like when your dad was with us.” 
“Sure, let’s make it happen,” Skylar replied, excited about returning home for Christmas. 
The countryside would be perfect for setting off fireworks. The family could gather in the yard, enjoying food and drinks in a relaxed and carefree atmosphere 
Nothing brought more joy than having the whole family together in good health. 
Janine couldn’t help but reminisce as she gazed at the familiar surroundings. “I don’t know what’s been going on lately, but I keep thinking back to when we were young and I first married your dad. 
“We didn’t have much money, but we were so happy. Then, when you all came along, our situation improved, and we even built a two–story house. But then your dad had that accident, sigh!” 
Skylar could hear the nostalgia in Janine’s voice as she looked at their familiar home. Wanting to change the subject, she asked if Janine needed anything else. 
###chapter1054
 1061
Janine thought momentarily and concluded there was nothing she needed to take. “I’ll find some time to go back and stay for a couple of days soon. I’ll tidy up everything. If I need anything, I’ll just bring it back.” 
After ending the video call, Skylar checked the bus schedule and saw there was still an hour until her bus. She decided to tidy up the house a bit more. 
When Janine mentioned Finn, Skylar realized she didn’t have many memories of him. 
When she was tidying up, she stumbled upon an old black–and–white photograph. 
It was a picture of Finn when he was young. She noted how much Steven resembled him. 
Her parents truly made a pair, one handsome and the other beautiful. Many of the male and female celebrities on TV today would pale in comparison to them. 
After studying the photograph closely, she placed it in her suitcase. Although she didn’t have many memories of Finn, she recalled how Steven and the others often told her that their dad had doted on her when she was little, even carrying her around everywhere. 
Harvey had been jealous of her because of it. 
Once she finished packing, she locked the door ?nd headed to the village entrance to wait for the bus to Liberty County. 
While she waited, Natalie called. 
“Skye, I got back last night. I came home so late that I slept through until now. Let’s plan to hang out this weekend once I’ve rested up.” 
“Sure, let’s meet up this weekend,” Skylar replied. They chatted for a few more minutes before the bus arrived, and she hung up to board. 
Natalie rolled over in bed a couple of times, stifling a few yawns, before finally getting up. There was nothing quite like her own bed at home. 
Today, Kate had asked her to come home for lunch. 
It was already 11:00 am when Natalie washed her face and changed her clothes before heading over. She quickly splashed some water on her face, applied a simple skincare routine, and then hopped into the car. 
Before long, she arrived home. 
Damon opened the door. 
“Dad, I’m back. It feels like you’ve gotten ten years younger in the three months I’ve been gone.” 
Damon couldn’t help but laugh heartily. “Really?” 
“Of course.” 
As Kate was busy bringing out the dishes, she overheard Natalie’s playful remark and immediately shot Damon a teasing look. 
She said, “With that beer belly, you look younger by ten years? Your daughter is just flattering you. Don’t take it seriously. You need to go for your morning jog tomorrow.” 
Damon rubbed his nose. “That’s not a beer belly. It’s the mark of happiness.” 
Natalie loved hearing her parents banter. “Mom, I smell the baked salmon,” she suddenly exclaimed, inhaling deeply as a wave of delicious aroma washed over her. 
Kate chuckled. “You have the best nose in the family. I made all your favorite dishes today.” Natalie rushed over to kiss Kate. “Mom, I love you so much. I must have accumulated a lot of good karma in my past life to be your daughter. I’m so lucky. I’m so blessed to be your daughter forever.” 
“Sweet talker. Now wash your hands and come to eat,” Kate replied. 
“Okay.” 
The three gathered around the table, where eight dishes and a soup, all of Kate’s specialties, were laid out. 
Natalie’s mouth watered as she eagerly filled her bowl with the steaming soup. She dug in, taking bite after bite, unable to stop. 
Damon and Kate exchanged glances, feeling a mix of worry and affection for Natalie. Natalie wouldn’t have to work so hard if she was still married to Jeremy 
They couldn’t help but notice how much weight she had lost after being away for three months. Just then, there was a sudden knock at the door. 
“I’ll get it,” Damon said, rising from his seat. 
He opened the door, but the sight of the person standing outside left him momentarily speechless. “Jeremy…” 
###chapter1055
 1062
Natalie froze, her fork hovering over the dish. 
She turned rigidly to the doorway and saw Jeremy standing there. Kate looked discreetly at Natalie, noticing how her expression shifted instantly. 
She couldn’t help but let out a silent sigh. It was clear she still hadn’t forgiven him. 
Now that he was here, there was no way to avoid inviting him in. 
Damon asked, “Jeremy, have you had lunch yet? We’re just having lunch. You should join us.” 
“Sure,” Jeremy replied without hesitation. 
He had always felt at home with Damon and Kate. Whether he had eaten or not didn’t matter. He just joined in as if it were the most natural thing in the world. 
When Jeremy caught Natalie’s gaze, he looked deeply into her eyes. Feeling the intensity of that moment, Natalie quickly averted her gaze. 
Jeremy tightened his grip on the bag of skincare products he had brought. Even after all this time, she still wasn’t ready to see him. 
“I’ll wash my hands first,” Jeremy said, moving confidently through Jakeman Residence. He was familiar with everything here, just as Damon and Kate were familiar with him. 
While Jeremy went to the bathroom, Kate leaned in toward Natalie and whispered, “Nath, I can see that Jeremy still has feelings for you.” 
“It doesn’t matter if he does. I’ve moved on, Mom,” Natalie replied in a hushed tone. 
Her words caused both Kate and Damon to exchange worried glances. They understood now that the possibility of reconciliation between Natalie and Jeremy was slim, and any chance of remarrying seemed distant. 
When Jeremy returned from the bathroom, he effortlessly sat beside Natalie, just as always. 
The moment he sat down, Natalie felt her back stiffen. Throughout the meal, she found it hard to enjoy the food. It all tasted bland to her. 
Natalie could no longer eat. Watching Jeremy chat cheerfully with her parents as if nothing had changed, she sensed something was off. 
She quickly made an excuse about being busy and stood up to leave. 
“Let me drive you,” Jeremy offered, his tone firm. 
“No need, I drove here myself,” Natalie replied swiftly. 
Yet Jeremy still followed her
###chapter1056
 1063
Caleb asked, “Skylar, where are you now?” 
Skylar glanced at the roadside. “On Bard Lane. What’s up?” 
“It’s important! Are you heading back to Galaxy Villa? Call me once you get there safely,” Caleb insisted. 
Skylar agreed, knowing she wasn’t far from Galaxy Villa. Just a few intersections, and she would arrive. 
After bringing the suitcase into the villa, she called Caleb back. “What’s going on?” 
“First, promise me you’ll keep a level head. Don’t let what’s about to happen upset you.” Caleb’s concern was evident. 
Skylar reassured him and said, “I promise. What’s going on?” 
“I’m sending you a video.” 
After hanging up, Caleb quickly sent her the video. On the screen; a graceful woman in a white gown linked arm–in–arm with Joe. Both of them radiated happiness as they announced their engagement to the 
world. 
Joe had clearly put a lot of effort into this proposal. The event was crowded with reporters, and the flash of cameras was constant. 
The woman was not Vera. 
Skylar’s face turned pale as she watched the video. 
Just then, Caleb called again. “I have a friend who got this information firsthand. Everyone in Jipsburg will know soon. Skylar, are you okay? Joe is such a jerk! Don’t let this upset you. You two aren’t even divorced yet. What’s he doing getting engaged to someone else?” 
Caleb was furious. He couldn’t believe how casually Joe would treat the woman he admired this way. The fact that Joe was engaged to someone else while still married to Skylar was infuriating. 
Skylar felt a whirlwind of emotions. Her mind was scattered, and she absentmindedly replied, “I’m fine, don’t worry. If Mr. Gardner Senior hears about this, please tell him not to worry about me. I can handle it.” 
“Are you really okay?” Caleb sounded unconvinced. 
Skylar nodded and replied, “I’m fine.” 
After hanging up, she set her phone down and pushed her suitcase to the side. 
After washing her face, she watched the video again. Yesterday, Joe had hurried back to Jipsburg just to get engaged to someone else. 
She had thought he was busy with work, but now she realized how mistaken she was. 
She wondered if he was not afraid of Gloria finding out about such a public announcement. 
Suddenly, everything made sense. Joe’s recent coldness toward Vera was because she was never the one he truly cared for. 
The news of Joe’s engagement would likely shock many people. She certainly felt shaken. 
Checking the time, she realized that she had only eaten a quick sandwich on the train, and hunger was creeping in. It was time for a proper meal. 
She rummaged through the fridge and took out some vegetables, quickly sauteing them into a few simple 
dishes. 
Just as she finished her meal, Steven and Charles called her one after the other. “I saw the news too. You 
and Joe…” 
Skylar explained to them the same thing she had told others. She and Joe had finalized their divorce in the last couple of days, so his engagement had nothing to do with her. 
Steven and Charles felt a bit more at ease after seeing her clear attitude and good spirits. After a moment, Janine called. 
“Skye, I heard from Steven. Why didn’t you tell me? If you had, I wouldn’t have let you leave today. I could’ve kept you company at home. ‘Don’t be upset. You still have me and your brothers.” 
Skylar comforted Janine for a while, and in the end, she added, “I’ll be home tomorrow.” 
“Okay,” Janine replied. 
Finally, the phone went quiet. 
After a brief silence, she opened a live–streaming app on her phone. 
###chapter1057
这是为您精心润色、校对并优化排版后的第 1057 章（及 1064 部分内容）。
在本章中，剧情达到了一个充满张力的转折点：Skylar 直播征婚试图以此宣告独立，却被突然出现的 Joe 搅乱了局。我修正了原稿中的 OCR 错误（如 well–managed、six–packs），并强化了两人对峙时那种剑拔弩张却又暧昧不明的氛围。

Chapter 1057: The Live Stream Intruder
“I’m looking for a new partner,” Skylar announced calmly to the camera. “If anyone is interested, feel free to DM me.”
Skylar was broadcasting from her store’s official account, which had been meticulously managed over the months. As soon as the notification went live, a steady stream of regular customers tuned in. However, the moment she dropped the bombshell about seeking a partner, the viewer count didn't just climb—it exploded into the tens of thousands. Her popularity reached an all-time high in a matter of seconds.
Almost immediately, her inbox began to overflow. Numerous elders looking for daughters-in-law and potential suitors flooded her DMs with polished photos and detailed personal biographies.
Even Janine, who had just hung up with her, began peppering her with questions in the family group chat. Even Harvey, despite being buried in exam prep, chimed in to support his sister. Skylar took screenshots of the most impressive profiles and shared them with her family.
“See? I’m still quite sought after,” Skylar messaged them. “Now you can all rest easy, right? A divorce doesn't mean the end of the world for me.”
It seemed only fitting: Joe was celebrating an engagement while she was actively searching for his replacement. Her family rallied behind her, their messages of support coming in fast and thick.
After chatting with them, she began casually scrolling through the private messages, critiquing the photos of the handsome men. There truly were plenty of fish in the sea; there was no reason to keep herself tethered to a sinking ship.
Tomorrow was the day the divorce would finally be official. A wave of relief washed over her. Regardless of whether Viola’s mysterious letter played a part or not, the end was in sight.
Just as she was mentally counting how many six-packs were currently sitting in her inbox, a man’s face suddenly blurred into view behind her on the screen.
“Darling, is the bathwater ready for us yet?”
That one line sent a literal shockwave through the live chat. The comments scrolled so fast they became a blur.
Skylar nearly jumped out of her skin. She spun around to find Joe standing directly behind her, looking remarkably composed. As she stood up, her body inadvertently blocked the camera lens.
“Joe! What are you doing?” she hissed, before quickly turning back to the mic to perform damage control. “Ignore him, everyone! He’s just a friend who thinks he’s a comedian. Don’t you know you have the face of a celebrity, Joe? I can’t have people thinking I’m dating a star while I’m trying to find a real partner!”
Without waiting for a response from the audience, she slammed the "End Stream" button. She stared at him, wondering if he had finally lost his mind.
Joe had just appeared on a public broadcast on the very day of his engagement. Didn't he fear the scandal? Didn't he care if his new fiancée saw him playing house with his soon-to-be ex-wife?
Fortunately, since he had only appeared for a split second, the viewers hadn't had enough time to take clear screenshots. Skylar’s quick comment about him being a "celebrity lookalike" seemed to have diffused the immediate suspicion. She didn't know that, moments after she logged off, a professional streamer hired by Janine took over the channel and turned the incident into a joke, successfully distracting the masses.
Skylar turned her glare back to Joe. “Aren’t you afraid your fiancée will see you acting like this?”
Joe’s expression darkened instantly. “We aren’t even divorced yet, and you’re already in such a hurry to replace me?”
“The tables have turned, Joe. You’re the one who started this game,” Skylar countered. She knew that arguing with a man as sharp and calculated as Joe—a veteran businessman—was usually a losing battle, but she wasn't backing down tonight.
Seeing her flustered demeanor, Joe paused. Then, to her utter confusion, he broke into a wide, genuine smile.
Skylar frowned. Why was he so cheerful? He hadn't smiled like that at her in weeks. This wasn't a smirk or a polite mask; it seemed to come from deep within. To her, that smile felt like a cruel joke, a stark contrast to the emotional turmoil she had been battling.
With a cold, stern expression, she declared, “Let’s just get to the courthouse first thing in the morning and finalize this. Let’s stop wasting each other’s time.”
Instead of retreating, Joe leaned down, bringing his handsome face inches from hers. He looked deep into her eyes, his gaze heavy with an emotion she couldn't quite decipher.

###chapter1058
As Skylar tried to step back, Joe wrapped his arm around her waist, pulling her close. 
His lips followed quickly, descending before she could react. 
Skylar was shocked and pushed against him with all her strength. 
But Joe was like an immovable wall. His strength was overwhelming, and despite her attempts to push him away, he didn’t budge an inch. 
Eventually, his hand began to slide down the curve of her waist. The thin fabric of her dress did not protect her against the heat of his touch. 
His palm burned her lower abdomen, and the sensation made her heart race. Their bodies were too familiar with one another. 
They both knew precisely how to make the other melt. 
Skylar’s breath became uneven. “You’ve lost your mind. 
She couldn’t understand how Joe seemed to have no moral boundaries. 
& 
Seeing Skylar’s face flush with anger, Joe couldn’t help but laugh out loud, his amusement even greater than before. “You’re jealous because I got engaged. That means you still care about me.” 
His tone was full of certainty, not even a trace of doubt. 
Skylar’s face shifted between red and pale. “Yes, I did care about you. Up until today. But now, I’ve cleaned out every last bit of you from my heart.” She wiped her lips angrily as if trying to erase his kiss 
“Don’t kiss me with the same mouth you’ve used on someone else. It’s disgusting.” 
Even after wiping her lips, it didn’t feel like enough. She took the opportunity to push him away, intending to rush to the bathroom to brush her teeth. 
‘t before she could get far, Joe grabbed her wrist, pulling her back toward him. 
His dark eyes glittered like stars caught in the night sky. “Don’t be in such a rush to clean up. Take a look at this first.” 
Joe said as he placed a sticky note in Skylar’s palm. 
Skylar shot him a fierce glare. “It’s too late. I’ve already cleaned up.” 
She said this, but her curiosity got the better of her, and she picked up the sticky note to examine it. Viola 
wrote it. 
“This sticky note was placed under the porcelain. It’s for the first porcelain piece you successfully restored,” Joe explained. 
As Skylar read what was written on it, her expression changed dramatically. 
Viola had written, “Skye, there are some things that cannot be clarified immediately, but I know you will come back. If you see this sticky note, it’s time to make a choice.” 
A choice… 
It was about whether to continue with Joe or go through with the divorce. 
Joe said, “On the way back last night, I chatted with Mr. Gardner Senior and saw the letter Grandma Viola wrote to you. In it, she advised us to get divorced. Otherwise, it would impact you So, your request for a 
divorce was because of these two letters, right?” 
Joe spoke calmly, but Skylar was stunned, unable to find the words. Just then, he motioned for her to 
hold on. 
He continued, “I believe Grandma Viola is being manipulated. I remember her telling me that her last prediction was for you. So why would she foresee whether you would revisit your nightmares? There must be some hidden truth here. 
“Someone wants to see us divorced, and they don’t want you involved in everything happening in Jipsburg. 
“So…” Skylar began. 
Joe continued, “So today’s engagement was something I arranged at the last minute. Lizzie Garza isn’t interested in men, so we’re just using each other for now. 
“Their family has been facing some issues lately, and I hope you can help them out sometime soon. They don’t live in Jipsburg, so you won’t have to worry,” Joe explained. 
His voice was now calm and steady, revealing his firm control over the situation. In just a short time since last night, he had managed to put everything in place. 
“I’ve never considered divorcing you.” Joe’s tone suddenly deepened, his dark eyes reflecting only Skylar’s 
image. 
Her heart skipped a beat at his intensity. 
He… 
“Why don’t we try to like each other?” Joe suggested. 
At that moment, the commanding Joe softened his tone. He was less authoritative and more pleading! 
###chapter1059
 1066
Skylar felt her heart race at his words. As she stared blankly at Joe, he mistook her silence for shock. 
“Is it too much to ask you to like me?” 
Maybe living together with him would turn out to be too mundane. 
“No, I mean, are you sure about this?” Skylar asked earnestly, her gaze steady on Joe. 
If they were going to put feelings into this marriage, it would mean that their relationship wouldn’t be as simple as it had been before. 
Joe nodded slightly before pulling her into his embrace. He lowered his head and kissed her deeply. 
Moments later, they found themselves on the bed. 
A while later, as Joe left marks on her thigh, he looked up at her. His voice was low and husky when he asked, “Do you think I’m serious now?” 
Skylar shat her eyes tightly, gripping the bedsheets. 
She trembled, a sheen of sweat covering her body. Sometimes, her body could be more honest than her 
heart. 1 
The news of Joe’s engagement to Lizzie spread like wildfire throughout Jipsburg City. It even took over the entertainment section of the news.i 
3: 
Lizzie was a violinist who had recently appeared on several reality shows and amassed a large following. 
Once the engagement news broke, her name dominated the trending searches. Alongside it was a trending topic about Vera, a well–known socialite in Jipsburg. 
Rumors had swirled about Vera being Joe’s true love for a long time. 
Many had anticipated an engagement announcement between them. But unexpectedly, it was Lizzie who got engaged to Joe. 
Some took the initiative to dig deeper into Lizzie’s background and discovered that she was actually the scion of the Garza family, one of the top families in Adaver. 
Lizzie’s lineage could easily rival Vera’s. 
During the turbulent rumors, numerous reporters sought to interview Vera. They positioned themselves in locations where she might appear. 
At that moment, Vera was shopping at the mall with friends. After their shopping spree, they headed to a 
spa. 
While relaxing with tea at the spa, they received the shocking news. 
Vera’s complexion turned pale upon hearing the announcement. 
Shocked at the revelation, her friends couldn’t help but ask, “Vera, what’s going on? How did Joe get engaged to this unknown person?” 
“Yeah, didn’t everyone say Joe’s favorite person was you? Weren’t you two supposed to be engaged soon? This Lizzie is just a violin. She can’t compare to you.” 
“Could this news be fake? Is it photoshopped?” 
“It doesn’t seem like it. There’s video evidence. They officially announced their engagement at a press 
conference.” 
“Wow…” 
The group exchanged cautious glances, their curiosity tinged with a subtle satisfaction as they watched Vera’s reaction. After all, in this circle, people usually fawned over Vera, who was often regarded as Joe’s true love; her presence was treated with awe and respect. 
Although Vera insisted that her relationship with Joe was not what everyone thought, her attitude occasionally betrayed her. Along with her subtle hints and suggestive posts on Instagram, it seemed like there was a playful, emotional tug–of–war between them. 
But now, with Joe suddenly announcing his engagement so publicly, it was clear that Vera was completely blindsided. 
They had never seen Vera look so pale. “Keep enjoying your tea. I need to step out for a moment,” Vera said abruptly, rising to her feet. 
She couldn’t bear to stay there for another minute. 
Gripping her phone tightly, she seemed to be battling a whirlwind of emotions inside. 
###chapter1060
 1067
Claim 
Vera didn’t glance back at her friends as she quickly grabbed her bag and rushed out of the spa. However, the moment she stepped outside, several reporters immediately surrounded her. They bombarded her with awkward and uncomfortable questions, making Vera’s complexion pale even further. “No comment. His engagement has nothing to do with me. I genuinely wish him all the best.” 
She managed to maintain a dignified response. 
Pushing through the reporters, she hurried back to her car and drove away quickly. 
Once she left, her friends emerged from the spa, exchanging bewildered glances as they watched her car speed off. 
This was unusual. It seemed Vera was genuinely flustered. 
Until now, she had always appeared indifferent, but her reaction today suggested otherwise. She seemed genuinely concerned and panicked. 
As they looked at each other, an unspoken understanding passed among them. Maintaining appearance was sometimes crucial in their social circle, where they often ran into one another. 
Inside the car, Vera’s phone buzzed incessantly with calls coming in. She parked in an underground parking lot of a nearby shopping mall. 
She stared at her phone in the parking lot, which continued to buzz incessantly. There were calls from friends, the Ruell family members, and even some unfamiliar numbers. 
Her WhatsApp buzzed incessantly with notifications. 
Her mind was blank. She felt as if she were in a daze. 
She couldn’t believe what had happened. 
Joe was now engaged to Lizzie. She pondered whether he had divorced Skylar. If he had, she still couldn’t comprehend why he chose someone else–someone entirely unfamiliar to her, a violinist, a 
stranger. 
Suddenly, Molly’s name came to her mind, prompting her to dial her number quickly. 
Molly answered almost immediately. “You told me that if I placed the statue you gave me in my bedroom, Joe would completely despise Skylar, and they would end their marriage, right? They must have divorced, but instead of proposing to me, he’s engaged to someone else. Did you play me for a fool? How could I have ever believed you?” 
Vera unleashed all her pent–up frustration on Molly. She had trusted her wholeheartedly, and now this was the outcome. It was unbearable. 
Just moments ago, her friends had looked at her as if she were the punchline of the biggest joke ever. She had been waiting for Joe to take the initiative and approach her, feeling confident in her expectations. But in the moment she felt assured, it was as if she had been slapped hard across the face, leaving her dizzy and disoriented. 
Molly was flustered and replied, “Logically, he shouldn’t be engaged to anyone else. The ring or the statue I gave you should have helped you achieve your wishes. You and Joe have been in contact recently, so this shouldn’t be the outcome. 
212 
“Something must have happened that we’re unaware of. I’ll make sure to investigate Lizzie thoroughly. Don’t panic. It’s just an engagement, not a wedding. There’s no need to lose your composure over this.” While she might have said that, Molly understood well that she must have targeted the wrong person. In truth, Joe had never truly liked Vera from the beginning. So, the negative item couldn’t have influenced Joe’s feelings toward her. However, she couldn’t share that with Vera right now. 
After hearing Molly’s words, Vera’s emotions calmed slightly. 
“Could Skylar discover the ring I dropped at Galaxy Villa? Did she take the opportunity to do something?” Vera bit her lip and voiced her doubts. 
###chapter1061
 1068
Molly remained silent for a moment. “That’s impossible. Skylar doesn’t have that kind of ability.” 
Skylar might have thought something was off when she saw the ring, but there was no trace of negative energy on it. With Skylar’s experience and abilities, she wouldn’t have found any flaws. 
Hearing Molly’s confident tone, Vera felt slightly relieved, though something still felt off. 
“The statue I left in the bedroom… It won’t bring any weird or dangerous consequences to my family, will it?” Vera asked, her voice tinged with worry. 
She couldn’t help but think of the string of accidents that had befallen the Ruell family. They made her feel uneasy. 
She couldn’t afford to let any more accidents happen If things went wrong again, she couldn’t face her family, and she certainly wouldn’t have the courage to ask Skylar for help again. 
Molly heard this and seemed to have lost all patience. In exasperation, she responded, “No, there won’t be any danger. Don’t worry.” 
“The statue will only help you achieve your desires, but you must be patient. Follow my advice–find opportunities to spend more time with Joe. The statue will only work if you two are frequently around each other.” 
Vera finally felt convinced. “Alright.” 
After hanging up with Molly, she quickly returned Denton’s call. 
He had been trying to reach her several times. “Grandpa.” 
“What’s going on between you and Joe? When you came home the other day, you said everything was going well between you two and that you’d be engaged soon. 
“Now, today, he’s announced his engagement to someone else? Were you lying to me this whole time?” Denton’s voice trembled with anger. 
Several of his friends had called him earlier, asking about the situation. He had gone his entire life without ever being so embarrassed, only to have Vera bring him to disgrace. 
Vera’s eyes welled up with tears at the reprimand. Thankfully, she was in her car. No one could see her cry. She felt so wronged. 
“Grandpa, there’s a misunderstanding between Joe and me. He got engaged to someone else out of spite. I can’t explain everything over the phone, but I swear what I told you before was true. I just need Joe to realize he made a mistake and come back to me. His sudden engagement really hurt me.” 
Hearing Vera’s words, Denton felt a bit relieved. “Alright, I believe you. There’s too much gossip going. around right now. Just ignore it. You’re right–Joe needs to come to you and apologize. What he did this time was unacceptable.” 
Vera nodded along with Denton’s words. “You’re right, Grandpa.” 
After ending the call, she slumped back in her seat, utterly exhausted and completely drained. 
After a long pause, she suddenly remembered something and immediately dialed Joe’s number. But he didn’t pick up. 
She kept trying, calling several times, but he still didn’t pick up. She wondered if he was really refusing to answer her calls now. 
Vera bit her lip in frustration, then thought of Skylar. She felt that she should call Skylar. 
However, like with Joe, Skylar didn’t answer after multiple calls either. 
The images of Joe’s beaming face as he proudly announced his management to Lizzie in that video flashed in Vera’s mind. He looked like he truly liked Lizzie. 1 
Maybe Skylar had seen the news by now and was just as panicked as she was. 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
###chapter1062
 1069
At that moment, Skylar felt completely drained as she finished her shower. 
Joe had offered to help her, and though she was exhausted, she initially thought it might be easier just to 
let him. 
However, when she got out of bed, she noticed the marks on her legs and the other marks on her body. She couldn’t bring herself to face Joe like that, even though he was the one who had left those marks. 
Skylar found it impossible to confront him about them after their intimacy. After she returned to bed, Joe pulled her into his arms and called Gloria. 
Even though the phone wasn’t on speaker, Skylar could still hear Gloria’s strong voice, scolding and threatening Joe. 
“You better handle things properly, and don’t you dare hurt Skye. If you ever hurt her, I won’t forgive you. Even if this engagement is just for show, if she’s unhappy with it, you’ll end it immediately.” 
Gloria paused, letting out a heavy sigh. “You two have been through so much already. It breaks my heart. to watch. If it ever gets too hard, tell me. I’ll explain everything to Skye. I just don’t know who’s behind all this. I’ve lived a long life, and besides Viola, I’ve never seen anyone so capable. 
“In any case, be careful. Protect Skye well and make sure to explain things clearly to her. You two must stick together; don’t let anyone drive a wedge between you, understand?” 
Gloria was truly worried. She used to think that growing old would mean fewer troubles. But now, in her old age, she realized there were still so many things she couldn’t let go of or afford to let go. 
Joe responded, “Don’t worry, I’ll take care of everything. Mr. Gardner Senior and Mr. Querbach Senior both support what I’m doing. We’ll protect Skylar.” 
Gloria sighed in relief. “That’s good. If they support your actions, the person behind all this is growing bolder. You need to be extra cautious.” 
Joe agreed softly, then asked Skylar, “Do you want to say a few words to Grandma?” His voice was gentle. 
After their intimacy, Joe had always been easy to talk to, and the natural aloofness that usually surrounded him had significantly diminished. 
When Gloria heard this, she quickly asked, “Is Skye with you?” 
“Yes, we’re in bed,” Joe replied promptly. Skylar quickly took the phone from Joe’s hand, fearing he might say something inappropriate to Gloria. 
She feared losing the courage to face Gloria if he did. 
“Grandma, it’s me. I just returned from the countryside and was a bit tired, so I napped. Don’t worry. I know about Joe’s plans, and we’ll face everything together.” 
Gloria chuckled warmly. “Good, good. If you’re tired, you should rest a bit longer. I believe you two can handle this together.” 
After a moment, Gloria hung up the phone and turned to Edgar with a smile. “They really think I’m an old fossil who can’t tell what’s going on, huh? I had endless energy when I was young, and now I see Joe has some of that too.” 
Edgar replied, “There will surely be more intruders looking to disturb you later, so don’t let them see you smiling, Mrs. Martin Senior.” 
The Martin family was in an uproar after hearing about Joe’s divorce from Skylar and his quick engagement to someone they didn’t know. 
Everyone wanted to visit Gloria in the hospital, hoping to arrange Joe’s marriage to someone who would benefit them. 
Upon hearing this, Gloria’s expression immediately darkened. “Thanks for the reminder. These people are so troublesome. Instead of helping Joe face everything, they only create more trouble for him.” 
###chapter1063
 1070
Not long after, Ernest arrived. 
He began to persuade Gloria, hoping she would convince Joe to call off his engagement. Since Joe had divorced Skylar, Ernest insisted that he should choose a reputable socialite from Jipsburg. 
Although Lizzie had a good background, Ernest argued she was not a suitable match for Joe. 
Gloria listened patiently before waving her hand dismissively. “If he could disregard the wife I arranged for him, do you think my words still matter? Don’t bother coming to me anymore. I’m tired.” 
After saying this, she instructed Edgar to see Ernest out. 
Seeing Gloria’s condition, Ernest hesitated to say more. He felt it would be pointless to continue, so he left disappointed. 
In truth, he was also under pressure from Denton. The recent turmoil caused by his son and grandson made it impossible for Joe to be of help, and he suspected that Joe might be orchestrating these events to undermine them. 
Ernest had quietly sought help from Denton, who had been gracious. They had been friends in their youth, so now that Denton wanted to marry Vera off to Joe, Ernest felt obligated to assist. 
Yet Joe seemed increasingly dismissive of Ernest’s authority, refusing to listen to his advice. This 
infuriated him. 
“Grandpa, can we confirm that Joe divorced Skylar?” As Claudio waited at the hospital entrance, he immediately approached Ernest after seeing him come out and asked. 
Ernest nodded solemnly. “Yes, it’s confirmed. His grandmother is even more ill because Skylar was her chosen granddaughter–in–law.” 
Upon hearing this, Claudio’s eyes sparkled with excitement. 
The first time he saw Skylar, he had been captivated by her beauty. He wanted to know what it felt like to be with a woman who had been with Joe. 
Now that Joe no longer protected her, Claudio felt he could finally make a move. He envisioned keeping Skylar close, enjoying her company to his heart’s content. 
When Skylar mustered the strength to check her phone, she realized that Natalie had called her multiple. 
times. 
Joe had set her phone to silent mode. 
As she scrolled through her missed calls, she noticed Vera had also reached out, but she chose to ignore it. Instead, she called Natalie back. 
Natalie answered the call almost the second it rang, not giving Skylar a chance to speak. Immediately, she launched into a tirade, listing all of Joe’s offenses, 
“Damn it! Joe is such a jerk. When he was in Fachington, he was all tangled up with Vera, and now, just days after returning, he’s getting engaged to another woman while he’s still married to you. Is he out of 
his mind? 
“I never realized he was such a player. I mean, look at you, Skylar. You’re gorgeous. That Vera and Lizzie can’t compare to you. You’ve only been married briefly, and it feels like he doesn’t value what he has. 
“Honestly, there are hardly any good men out there. Skye, trust me, it’s not worth it to be sad over someone like him. You need to listen to me. Hurry up and get a divorce. Move in with me. 
“Let’s keep that jerk out of your life. He wants to play the field. Well, so can you. He’s getting engaged today; tomorrow, I’ll help you find a boyfriend. Do you remember Elliott? 
“Elliott, the one who’s a detective. Since he met you, no one else has caught his eye, not even during blind dates. Isn’t he just waiting for you? I trust his character completely. Tomorrow, I’ll have him come over to my place.” 
Skylar didn’t realize when Joe had also come downstairs, quietly standing before her without making a sound. 
Fueled by frustration and indignation, Natalie’s voice echoed loudly through the quiet villa. With Joe standing so close, he could hear every word. 
The moment she mentioned Elliott, his eyes narrowed. 1 
He turned toward Skylar and asked, “Elliott, the detective?” 
Skylar’s lips twitched slightly. Then, she quickly cut off Natalie’s rant and said, “I’ll explain this to you 
later.” 
“Skye… I’m just so upset thinking about everything you’ve been through. How can you stay so calm?” Natalie started crying now. 
###chapter1064
 1071
For the three hours she couldn’t reach Skylar, Natalie was on the verge of calling the police. She was terrified that Skylar might do something drastic. 
Too many girls were getting caught up in their feelings and doing foolish things these days. 
Skylar couldn’t help but laugh. “I’m fine. The news about Joe and Lizzie getting engaged isn’t what it seems. Joe and I are doing well. We haven’t divorced. 
She noticed Joe watching her intently. 
She added, “We also don’t plan to divorce.” 
“What?” Natalie was clearly confused by Skylar’s words. “What’s going on?” 
Skylar replied, “I’ll come see you tomorrow and explain everything. You don’t need to worry about me, and don’t believe what you read online.” 
Natalie remained puzzled. “Okay, as long as you’re fine. But you have to tell me everything in detail when we meet tomorrow. You have no idea how worried I’ve been since I heard the news.” 
“Alright, alright, Ms. Jakeman. I’ll come to apologize tomorrow.” 
“Deal.” 
After ending the call, Skylar looked at Joe. 
Joe took the initiative to confront her. “Do you remember Elliott?” 
Skylar was taken aback. She had never realized just how petty Joe could be. 
“I’ve met him. Of course, I remember,” she replied honestly. 
Joe narrowed his eyes and moved closer, wrapping his hands around her waist. 
The marks he had left earlier from their intimacy were still fresh on her skin. Now, when he gripped her, it sent a jolt of pain through her. 
“Ouch…” she gasped. 
“Where does it hurt?” Joe asked immediately. 
“It hurts right where you’re squeezing me now,” Skylar replied, her eyes brimming with tears. 
She hadn’t felt much during her shower. Although she had seen the red marks on her skin, she dared not recall the moment when Joe had gripped her waist so tightly. 
As his gaze down to where his hands rested now, he instinctively released her. 
Her waist was so slender that he could easily snap it with his hands if he tried. He had gripped her a little too hard, caught up in the heat of the moment. 
Earlier in bed, he had been excessive. Looking at Skylar before him, whose eyes were slightly red, it felt as if she was silently accusing him of his wrongdoing. He finally said, “I’m sorry.” 
“Just don’t do that again,” Skylar replied gently as she rubbed her waist. 
The place where he had gripped her was still sore, and her legs felt achy. As she descended from the bedroom, it was as if she was walking on cotton. 
Joe was too indulgent in bed. The more he pretended to be restrained on the outside, the more 
aggressive he became behind closed doors. 
Joe’s demeanor softened. “I’ll be more gentle tonight.” 
212 
“Tonight?” Skylar was taken aback by Joe’s words. She couldn’t help but wonder where he found all that 
energy. 
Just then, the doorbell rang. 
Joe walked over to answer it. Upon seeing who it was he turned back to Skylar and said, “Lizzie is here. Do you want to see her?” 
###chapter1065
 1072
Skylar echoed, “Lizzie?” 
Joe responded, “Yeah.” 
“Okay, I’ll go upstairs to change my clothes.” Skylar glanced down at her outfit. The soft pink loungewear looked childish. 
Wearing it at home was fine, but with guests arriving, she needed to change into something more appropriate. 
A few minutes later, she walked down the stairs. 
Lizzie, a talented violinist, exuded an artistic charm. She was also stunningly beautiful. 
Probably hearing Skylar’s footsteps, Lizzie turned her gaze toward her. The moment Lizzie saw Skylar, her eyes brightened. 
Joe, standing nearby, coolly interjected, “That’s my wife.” 
Lizzie’s expression dimmed slightly, but her gaze remained fixed on Skylar as she introduced herself, ” 
Hello, Mrs. Martin, I’m Lizzie Garza.” 
“Hello, I’m Skylar Sullivan.” Skylar politely extended her hand to Lizzie. 
Just as their hands were about to meet, Joe grasped Skylar’s hand and said, “Let’s go sit and talk.” 
Lizzie raised an eyebrow, surprised by Joe’s protective behavior. 
Skylar offered Lizzie an apologetic smile. Once seated, Lizzie got straight to the point. 
“I came here today to explain to you, Mrs. Martin, that my engagement to Joe is just a strategic move. We haven’t interacted much privately, but I’m a college classmate with Paul.” 
Lizzie’s straightforwardness took Skylar aback. Suddenly, she understood why Joe chose to stage his play with Lizzie. 
She nodded with a smile. “I understand. He mentioned it to me.” 
“Mrs. Martin, you’re beautiful, and your smile makes you even more stunning,” Lizzie said candidly. In her eyes, there weren’t many girls who could captivate someone at first glance. 
Joe coolly raised an eyebrow, maintaining an expressionless gaze on Lizzie. 
She pretended not to notice. 
N 
“I heard you’re a talented violinist, Ms. Garza, and you’ve hosted many concerts. That’s truly impressive,” Skylar complimented her as well. 
When she went upstairs to change, she had looked up Lizzie’s profile. 
The news about Lizzie was everywhere today. A quick search revealed an abundance of information 
about her. 
It wasn’t an exaggeration. Lizzie was genuinely gifted in her artistic pursuits. 
She was one of the best in Jipsburg. However, almost nothing was known about her personal life, and there were no reports on her romantic relationships. 
The only news regarding her romantic life was her sudden engagement to Joe. Everyone was speculating about how they met. 
Yet, no clues could be found. It seemed they had kept their relationship under wraps remarkably well. Otherwise, there would have been at least some indication. 
Now, Skylar understood that Lizzie knew Paul. 
Lizzie said, “I just happened to bring my violin in the car. Would you like to hear me play?” Lizzie asked in a playful tone. 
She rarely performed for anyone privately due to her fiery personality. However, today was different. She felt an unusual connection with Skylar. It was as if she couldn’t help but want to indulge her. 
Skylar’s eyes lit up, and she didn’t hesitate to respond, “That would be wonderful.” 
Joe’s expression darkened immediately. 
Lizzie retrieved her violin and played a piece right before Skylar and Joe. 
It was one of her signature pieces. 
Skylar listened, utterly captivated. Although Joe wasn’t particularly fond of Lizzie, he had to admit that her violin performance was impressive. 
At that moment, Vera, who had driven over, could no longer resist the urge to ring the doorbell. 
However, before she could do so, she was greeted by the unmistakable sound of a violin echoing from inside. The music was clear and resonant. 
###chapter1066
 1073
Vera’s expression darkened as the implications settled in. Joe and Lizzie had just announced their engagement during the day, and now Lizzie was at the Galaxy Villa. The two seemed to share an unusual chemistry. 
She thought Lizzie was being too flirtatious. It felt improper to come here and perform for Joe right after their engagement. 
The turmoil of emotions inside Vera was overwhelming, filled with jealousy and confusion. 
No wonder Joe hadn’t been answering her calls. He was too busy enjoying a private moment with Lizzie in the villa. 
She had searched extensively online for information about Lizzie and even enlisted Justin’s help, yet Lizzie appeared to have emerged from nowhere. 
Moreover, her romantic life seemed as clean and blank as a fresh slate, with no scandals attached to her 
name. 
“Joe had been hiding her all this time, and only now has he decided to announce it. Does he really care so much about Lizzie? What about his previous attentiveness to Skylar? Was it all just a fa?ade?” Vera felt trapped in a confusing loop, struggling to make sense of it all. 
All that remained was a simmering jealousy. She bit her lip in frustration and finally decided to call Paul. 
“Paul, when did Joe and Lizzie first meet?” she inquired, her tone carrying an air of superiority, asserting her status. 
Paul replied, “That’s a private matter for Mr. Martin, and I can’t disclose it.” 
Vera frowned. “You’re right. It is indeed his private matter. But you know my relationship with Joe. This can’t be shared with anyone else, so why can’t you at least tell me?” 
“I’m sorry, Ms. Ruell. But if you want to know anything, you can ask Mr. Martin directly. I can’t disclose that information. I’m currently working overtime and have other matters to attend to. Goodbye.” Paul’s response was cold as he hung up the phone. 
Vera listened to the dial tone, her expression darkening further. Paul dared treat her this way, even though she had called him out of courtesy. 
Yet he, an ordinary employee, had dismissed her so casually. She never imagined that she would experience society’s coldness firsthand. Today, she finally understood. 
After seeing the news, she was sure plenty of people were eager to mock her. But she would make them understand just how wrong it was to laugh at her today! 
Raising her head, she glanced at the Galaxy Villa. 
The sound of the violin had stopped. The villa was illuminated under the moonlight, casting an enchanting glow. 
Véra stepped back, got into her car, and drove away reluctantly. 
Ten minutes later, Lizzie exited the Galaxy Villa with her violin in hand. As she left, she successfully followed Skylar on Instagram. 
However, just as Lizzie finished putting her violin away and settled into her car, ready to start the engine, Joe sent her a message on WhatsApp. 
212 
“Unfollow Skylar.” 
Lizzie let out a light laugh. “I never expected the formidable Mr. Martin, who seems so intimidating, to be such a jealous man.” 
With a quick reply, she texted back, “I’m not unfollowing her. She said she enjoys seeing my music shares on Instagram. You really don’t need to worry about it. Be a little more confident. After all, I’m your fiancée.” 
After sending the message, she tossed her phone onto the passenger seat and stepped on the gas, driving away quickly. 
The next day, Skylar moved out of the Galaxy Villa. Since she had publicly announced her separation from Joe, it was only natural that she couldn’t continue living there. 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter1067
 1074
Claim 
After discussing with Joe, Skylar moved back to Yancey Residence. On the way, Joe called her to let her know he had arranged for someone to renovate the house she had just purchased. 
The renovations would soon be completed. 
The house had just been handed over to her. Since she had been busy, she hadn’t had time to look for a renovation company. But now that Joe had taken care of it, she wouldn’t have to worry about it. 
Once she arrived at Yancey Residence, Janine and the others encouraged her to look on the bright side. 
Skylar reassured them, expressing that they shouldn’t worry. 
The situation was a bit complicated, and she couldn’t explain everything right now. She decided to wait a couple of days before giving them the whole story. 
After ensuring that Janine and the others were less concerned about her, she went to meet Natalie. 
The two agreed to meet at a fondue restaurant. It was lunchtime, and the place was not very crowded. They both loved eating at this old favorite. 
Natalie had arrived before Skylar. 
“I ordered all the dishes you like. Look at the menu and see if there’s anything else you want,” Natalie said as she pushed the menu toward Skylar. 
“There’s nothing else. What you ordered is plenty,” Skylar replied, not even glancing at the menu. Natalie knew exactly what she liked to eat. 
Of course, Skylar also knew what Natalie enjoyed. Whenever they planned to eat together, the one who arrived first usually ordered so they wouldn’t have to wait for the food to come after the other person arrived, 
They both could eat fondue every day without getting tired of it. 
After Skylar took a few sips of water, Natalie finally voiced her confusion. “What’s going on with you and Joe?” 
Since last night, Natalie had been filled with questions. She didn’t understand what it meant that she hadn’t considered divorcing Joe, and a nagging fear crept in that Joe might have brainwashed Skylar. 
Natalie wondered if Skylar was seriously considering becoming the woman behind him. 
Skylar observed Natalie’s worried expression and said, “Let’s eat while I explain. Don’t rush me. Have you been hearing me talk about negative items lately?” 
“Yeah,” Natalie replied. 
“Then let’s start from there…” 
Natalie listened in astonishment while she continued to eat. The concept of negative items had already seemed metaphysics, and now Skylar was saying something about someone plotting behind the scenes, like the situation with Jeremy. 
They needed to figure out who was really behind it all. 
Natalie’s head spun, trying to comprehend everything, but she eventually pieced it together. 
“So, you and Joe are just putting on a show? That Lizzie isn’t really Joe’s fiancée?” 
Skylar nodded with a smile. “Exactly.” 
Natalie dipped a piece of prawn into the bubbling cheese fondue, savoring the rich flavor. “So, I was worrying for nothing yesterday?” 
“I’ll treat you to this meal,” Skylar said as she handed over a bottle of iced lemon tea. 
Natalie raised two fingers. “One meal isn’t enough. I want two meals.” 
“Fine, you win.” 
“You’re like a rich girl now. How lucky am I to have a rich friend?” 
Regardless of the situation, Natalie’s uplifting spirit always brought joy. After finishing their fondue, the two decided to stroll around the nearby mall. 
They came across an ice cream shop famous for its delicious treats. After the fondue, they both craved ice cream to cool off. 
As they leisurely enjoyed their ice cream, they debated whether to head upstairs to shop for clothes and shoes. 
While they were chatting happily, someone suddenly sat down before them. 
They both looked up immediately. It was a woman wearing sunglasses and a mask, obscuring her face. 
###chapter1068
 1075
Natalie glanced at the empty seat beside her and said, “Excuse me, ma’am, there’s a seat available next to you.” 
However, the woman sitting nearby seemed to ignore her, maintaining a blank expression as she continued to stare at Natalie. 
Natalie exchanged a look with Skylar. Skylar felt the woman looked somewhat familiar, but it was hard to tell with sunglasses and a mask covering her face. 
It seemed like the woman was trying to avoid being photographed. 
Just then, the woman spoke up, “I’m Vera.” 
“Vera?” Natalie’s eyes widened in surprise. 
Although she had never interacted with Vera, she had seen her before. The online news had caused quite 
a stir. Vera’s name was now linked to Joe and Lizzie. 
Natalie felt relieved that Skylar and Joe had managed to keep their marriage private so the news wouldn’t affect Skylar directly.. 
However, it was surprising to run into Vera at the mall while they were just casually strolling after enjoying 
their fondue. 
With the headlines screaming, if she were Vera, she would likely be hiding at home, waiting for the chaos to settle before stepping outside. 
After all, Vera wasn’t even a part of the entertainment industry and had no reason to seek attention. She would want the rumors to fade as quickly as possible. 
Given her current disguise, it seemed unnecessary to be out in public. 
Skylar calmly regarded Vera. “So it’s Ms. Ruell.” 
Vera scrutinized Skylar from a height of arrogance, expecting Skylar to look haggard and heartbroken after being supposedly abandoned by Joe. 
However, after observing Skylar and Natalie laughing and chatting happily, Vera realized that Skylar appeared neither lonely nor sad. 
Seeing Skylar so composed and at ease made Vera feel unsettled. “Do you know how Joe met Lizzie?” Vera asked, her voice icy. 
Natalie rolled her eyes in disbelief. Vera was completely out of her mind. The audacity to ask such personal questions was beyond her. 
Vera’s high–and–mighty attitude was absurd. Natalie thought it was ridiculous. 
Skylar’s expression remained cold as she replied, “I don’t know. You’re asking the wrong person.” 
“How could you not know? You’re with Joe all the time, living under the same roof. There’s no way you wouldn’t know his relationship with Lizzie. Did you already know? Is that why you’re so calm now?” Vera’s tone suggested she had figured everything out. 
Maybe Skylar knew everything, which explained her indifference. It also made Vera wonder if Joe had given Skylar enough advantages to keep her feeling secure. 
With only two hours of sleep since last night, Vera found it impossible to accept the situation. 
Natalie couldn’t hold back any longer and rolled her eyes again. She said, “Don’t you have too many questions? Why should we answer you? Who do you think you are?” 
Skylar might be easygoing, but Natalie had a limit. Vera had put on a fa?ade of sophistication and superiority in front of others, but now she came to Skylar fully armed, seeking validation. 
She couldn’t help but wonder what gave Vera the audacity. 
Skylar glanced at the visibly frustrated Natalie and told Vera, “I have plans with my friend, so you’re free to leave.” 
Her tone clearly indicated it was time to go. 
However, Vera acted as if she didn’t understand. Peering over her sunglasses at Skylar, she said, “I’m sure you know something. Just tell me what you want. I just want to know if Joe likes Lizzie.” 
“You’re asking the wrong person. Go ask Joe directly.” Skylar had lost all patience with Vera. 
She realized then that Vera was pretending to be indifferent about Joe in front of others, but it was all a fa?ade. 
###chapter1069
 1076
Vera glared at Skylar, her frustration palpable. “You!” 
“Did you not understand what Skye just said? She made it clear, didn’t she? If you want to know if Joe likes Lizzie, you’re asking the wrong person. Skye isn’t Joe. How could she possibly know? 
“Even if Joe does like Lizzie, what does that have to do with you?” Natalie couldn’t stand Vera’s pretentiousness any longer. 
Previous articles had praised Vera in various ways, making ordinary girls appear inadequate or utterly worthless in her presence. 
But now it was clear that Vera was just putting on an act of superiority. She looked at Vera’s high– and- mightly demeanor and cou 
ldn’t help but feel disdain. It was as if she expected Skylar to answer her every question like Skylar had to revolve around her. 
Vera was beautiful, but that didn’t mean anything. Skylar was just as beautiful, if not more so. 
Vera’s expression remained stoic as she addressed Natalie, “I know you’re Jeremy’s ex–wife, so I’ve let your outbursts slide. But if you keep this up, I’ll mention it to Jeremy.” 
Natalie rolled her eyes. “Go ahead and tell him. Who cares?” 
Vera’s expression darkened. It was obvious that like attracted like, and Skylar and Natalie were clearly cut 
from the same cloth. 
No wonder Jeremy divorced Natalie. 
“Just remember, don’t be too self–righteous. Mind your own business. Nath, let’s go look around,” Skylar said as she stood up, not wanting to waste more time on Vera. 
Natalie quickly stood up as well. She had no desire to engage in meaningless chatter with Vera. Previously, she hadn’t thought much of Vera when others mentioned her. 
However, seeing Vera at the hospital in Fachington with Joe had made her feel nauseated by Vera’s pretentious demeanor. She was far too full of herself. 
Natalie and Skylar walked away without a second thought. Vera tried to stop them, but the mall was crowded, and several people were already gazing her way. 
She knew that wearing sunglasses and a mask in a public place like this would attract attention. But she didn’t want anyone snapping a picture of her face. 
As Skylar and Natalie disappeared from view, Vera felt an uncomfortable pang. 
“Is she a celebrity?” 
“Probably. Who else would be wearing sunglasses and a mask, all covered up in a mall?” 
Hearing the murmurs from people nearby, Vera grew anxious about drawing more attention. The thought of a reporter showing up or someone taking a photo of her face made her nervous, so she quickly left the mall. 
Meanwhile, Skylar and Natalie went upstairs, sticking to their plan to browse the women’s clothing and shoes. 
“I used to hear that Vera was this cultured, refined sociálite from Jipsburg, known for her class and pride. People even said she was Joe’s true love, that she didn’t care about his relationship with anyone else and could fly abroad whenever she wanted. 
“But now that I’ve seen her for myself, it’s complete nonsense,” Natalie said, shaking her head at the memory of Vera’s arrogant behavior earlier. 
Compared to Natalie, Skylar had already dealt with Vera a few times and was unfazed. Vera’s behavior didn’t affect her mood. She simply smiled and said, “There’s no need to get upset.” 
“If Vera wants to know if Joe likes Lizzie, she should ask him directly. Why come to you with all this indirect nonsense? I don’t get what’s going on in her head,” Natalie grumbled. 
Skylar laughed lightly. “Maybe she just wants to see if I’d feel hurt.” 
Natalie rolled her eyes, clearly done with talking about Vera. Her attention shifted entirely to a beautiful dress hanging nearby. 
“I’m going to try on this dress. It’s gorgeous,” Natalie exclaimed, 
Skylar followed Natalie’s gaze and saw a gorgeous new dress with an intricate design that had recently become trendy. 
The store was known for its unique vintage–inspired style, and Skylar couldn’t help but take an interest herself. 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter1070
 1077
X 
Outside the mall, Vera dialed Jeremy’s number. He answered on the first ring. 
“Mr. Hughes, it’s Vera. I just ran into your ex–wife at the mall.” 
Jeremy had initially answered out of courtesy, but his expression shifted when he heard her mention Natalie. He raised an eyebrow. “Oh?” 
“She’s been acting recklessly. Even though she’s just your ex–wife now, it might be best to remind her to be more careful,” Vera offered her “helpful” advice. 
Jeremy’s face darkened. “Who did she offend?” 
Vera quickly recounted the situation. “With how she’s acting, she’s bound to be used as a pawn.” 
“What mall?” Jeremy asked, his tone sharp. 
Without hesitation, Vera gave the location. She knew people in their circle couldn’t afford to have their image tarnished, and she was confident that Jeremy would confront Natalie. 
“She doesn’t have to hold back with anyone when I’m around. She can say what she wants. Vera, don’t act so high and mighty in front of me. 
“I know your family’s situation all too well. If you cause her any trouble, don’t expect me to be merciful.” After a brief silence, Jeremy spoke in a cold, measured tone. 
Vera was left utterly stunned by his words, her eyes wide in disbelief. She had never expected such a response from him. She couldn’t believe what she was hearing. Jeremy was defending his ex– wife so fiercely. 
It made no sense to her–if Jeremy cared about Natalie that much, their divorce seemed even more baffling. Now, he was threatening her over someone who wasn’t even part of his life anymore. It felt 
surreal. 
“Jeremy, I was only trying to help. Is this really necessary?” Vera snapped, hanging up before he could respond. 
A wave of confusion hit her as she stood on the sidewalk, watching people rush past. She felt humiliated. 
It seemed like everyone had been taking shots at her lately, leaving her feeling as if she were nothing more than a stray dog. 
Vera had lived with pride for over 20 years, but she had never felt so defeated as she did now. 
Neither Skylar nor Natalie had any reason to disrespect her like this, especially considering Natalie’s current circumstances after being discarded by Jeremy. Vera thought she should at least be shown some 
courtesy. 
At that moment, her phone rang. 
“Mr. Martin is at the golf course on the outskirts of town. You should come quickly.” 
Vera’s eyes lit up. “Got it.” 
Skylar and Natalie were in a vintage–inspired boutique, trying on every dress they fancied. Before they knew it, an hour had passed. 
Natalie had picked out three dresses and was beaming with joy. “These are amazing. I’m going to wear 
them for a photoshoot in the Beckton.” 
Skylar had the same idea: “Do you have time this weekend? We could stay there for a couple of days, buy a few more outfits, and take as many pictures as we want.” 
It was the perfect opportunity to leave Jipsburg for a while and let people lower their guard. Just before leaving Yancey Residence earlier, Skylar had received a call from Aiken. 
He told her that they had lost track of Viola. It was as if she had vanished into thin air. 
Aiken had also asked about her situation, but Skylar couldn’t reveal much at the moment. She briefly assured him that she was fine. 
The fact that Viola had disappeared only confirmed that her suspicions and Joe’s were correct. Now, they just had to wait for the person behind this to make a move. 
Natalie nodded enthusiastically. “Mr. Powell has been on break for the past few days and gave me several days off. I’ll buy the other two dresses too, and then I’ll look for a pair of shoes to match. I’m
so excited thinking about taking beautiful photos.” 
Skylar collected Natalie’s chosen dresses and headed to the counter to pay. When she returned, she was startled to see Jeremy walking into the store. 
###chapter1071
 1078
When Jeremy entered the store, Natalie was the first person he saw. Within moments, he crossed the room and stood directly in front of her. 
At that moment, Natalie was still browsing train and flight tickets, trying to decide whether to travel by train or take a flight for their upcoming trip. 
Just as she was weighing her options, a shadow appeared over her. Someone was standing right in front of her. She looked up, and her heart skipped a beat when she saw who it was. 
“Jeremy…” Her voice faltered as her face turned pale. 
Jeremy gazed down at her, noting the surprise and discomfort on her face. Gone were the days when Natalie would greet him with joy and playful banter. Now, there was only shock and a clear desire to avoid him. 
“I just had lunch nearby and saw you here,” Jeremy said calmly. 
Natalie quickly composed herself. “Quite a coincidence. Skylar and I are just shopping around.” 
Their last encounter at Jakeman Residence had ended in an awkward confrontation, and now they had crossed paths again. She truly had no idea how to handle him. 
Skylar approached just then. Hearing Jeremy claim it was just a coincidence, she glanced around at the mall. 
The mall was relatively small. It wasn’t exactly a luxurious place, more of a modest, affordable shopping center filled with a decent crowd. 
The idea of it being a random encounter seemed questionable to her, but there was no need to call him, 
out on it. 
Clearly, Jeremy still cared deeply for Natalie, and Skylar knew he had been looking for an opportunity to reconcile and possibly remarry her. However, judging by Natalie’s reactions in their recent meetings, she seemed completely uninterested in rekindling anything with him. 
If anything, she talked more about Austin these days. 
Just earlier, while they were having lunch, Austin had called Natalie. Skylar had stood off to the side, not wanting to interrupt. 
She held two large shopping bags in her hands. 
“There’s a café downstairs. How about we grab some coffee?” Jeremy suggested calmly. His tone wasn’t as forceful as it had been before, and that surprised Natalie a little. 
She glanced at Skylar before shaking her head. “Thanks, but Skylar and I still want to shop around a bit.” 
Jeremy’s gaze lingered on Natalie for a moment before he looked away, “Alright, maybe next time. You two enjoy.” 
He nodded at Skylar before turning and walking out. It did seem like he had just passed by and run into them. 
As soon as he left, Natalie let out a sigh of relief. “He’s different from before.” 
Skylar nodded. “Yeah, he does seem different. Have you been afraid of seeing him lately?” she asked, noting how tense Natalie had been the moment Jeremy appeared. 
Her usual smile had disappeared, leaving only nervousness and surprise. Once deeply in love, now the 
two seemed like strangers. 
212 
Natalie gave a bitter smile. “You know me better than anyone. Even my parents haven’t noticed, but yes, I’m scared of seeing him.” 
They had once been so deeply in 
still profound and complicated. 
love, sharing countless experiences. Natalie’s feelings for Jeremy were 
But the memory of his betrayal was painfully vivid, lodged deep in her heart like a thorn. She could never forget. 
She wasn’t sure exactly when it started, but at some point, Natalie had stopped loving Jeremy the way she once did. It was as though she had finally let go, and now, she saw him more as a brother. 
The idea of having romantic feelings for him again seemed impossible. 
That was why every time Jeremy gazed at her with such tenderness, she felt a weight on her chest. 
“Let’s go check out some shoes. Some things are better left to time to resolve,” Skylar suggested with a lighthearted smile. 
When it came to emotions, they were the hardest to untangle. 
Natalie quickly took one of the bags from Skylar’s hand and cheerfully replied, “I got it.” 
At the golf course, the moment Vera arrived, she immediately asked her friends where Joe was. 
This golf course was expansive, and today, it was bustling with plenty of players. 
###chapter1072
 1079
With a golf course this large, finding Joe would be difficult. 
Her friends sent her a photo along with a location pin. Vera made her way to the designated spot. However, after bustling about for ten minutes, she watched Joe get into a car and dove away. 
She immediately waved her arms at him, but Joe either saw her and ignored her or simply didn’t notice. 
Her face darkened. “Joe, are you seriously trying to avoid me because you saw me coming? Is it really necessary for us to be like this? If it weren’t for me, you’d still be stuck with Skylar. You’re going to regret this.” 
Around 5:00 pm, Natalie happily parted ways with Skylar after shopping for clothes and shoes. She was 
headed to Austin’s house. 
Skylar then drove home. On the way, Joe called her. “Let’s have dinner together tonight. I’ll send you the address.“. 
Following the address, Skylar drove directly to the location. It turned out to be a high–end complex with excellent security. 
Joe must have informed the security staff about her arrival, as she had no trouble accessing the underground parking garage. She took the elevator according to the address provided. 
Once she reached the floor, it swung open before she even had the chance to ring the doorbell. Joe stood there, holding it open for her. “Come in.” 
Skylar looked around before stepping inside. 
“This entire floor is mine, and Martin Group built this complex. I’ll be living here from now on, so no one will be able to follow you. You can come over every night,” Joe said straightforwardly. 
Skylar slipped on the slippers that fit her perfectly. “Coming here every day might get noticed,” she replied, feeling it was a bit risky. 
Joe shrugged it off. “That won’t happen. They’re not brave enough to have anyone tail me. I have my people surrounding me.” 
He added, “You’ll be protected too, so don’t worry.” 
Skylar chuckled softly. “Alright then. But I’ll go to Beckton with Natalie for a photo shoot in a few days.” 
“How long are you going for?” Joe frowned, suspecting Skylar wanted to avoid him. 
“Just two days. Her break isn’t that long.” 
“That’s fine. I’ll keep you updated on anything happening with Molly during those two days,” Joe said. 
Skylar nodded and moved toward the floor–to–ceiling windows with Joe. The tall building offered a stunning view and ample sunlight. 
It was dusk. The warm hues of the sunset poured into the room, making the entire place feel vibrant, almost dreamlike. 
Suddenly, she remembered something. “I ran into Vera when Natalie and I were shopping today.” 
Joe’s expression remained neutral. “What did she say?” 
“You can probably guess what she wanted to know, but that’s not the main point. The important thing is 
that she had a strong sense of impending darkness. 
“If I’m right, she must have acquired another negative item since losing the ring.” Skylar reflected on her encounter with Vera while gazing at the twilight scenery outside. 
Joe nodded. “Molly indeed gave her something.” 
Skylar didn’t elaborate further. It was clear that Molly’s every move was under Joe’s scrutiny, so she didn’t need to remind him to stay cautious around Vera. 
“I’ll avoid meeting Vera. She’s targeting me,” Joe added. 
Skylar felt relieved. 
She glanced at the time and then toward the kitchen. She asked, “Is there anything in the fridge?” “There is, but you don’t need to cook. Paul will be bringing dinner in about ten minutes,” Joe replied. 
###chapter1073
 1080
Skylar replied, “Okay.” 
“Let me show you the bedroom,” Joe said, genuinely interested in giving Skylar a tour of their new home. 
As Skylar followed him into the bedroom, she noticed it was pretty spacious. It connected to a walk–in closet filled with both men’s and women’s clothing–all meticulously prepared. 
She then pushed open the bathroom door, finding all the necessities and skincare products already stocked up. 
“Please tell me you didn’t have someone prepare all this after we agreed I would move out last night,” Skylar asked, turning back to him. 
Joe nodded without hesitation. “We’re married. There’s no need for us to sleep apart.” 
They could be separated as needed during the day, but they had to share a bed at night. 
Skylar couldn’t help but smirk. Joe was impressively quick in his actions. 
Meanwhile, Aiken had just returned home from a busy day. Seeing Simona waiting for him, he frowned.” Why didn’t you eat first?” 
Simona looked at the now–cold dinner on the table and said, “I can’t eat. Since yesterday, you know what I want to do. I want to call Skylar, but you won’t let me.” 
After learning about Joe’s engagement, she realized Aiken had a chance now. Skylar wasn’t anyone’s wife anymore, so she could soon be her sister–in-law. 
However, Aiken had strictly forbidden her from making the call. The restriction had drained her appetite for the day. 
Aiken sighed as he sat down, looking at his somewhat na?ve sister. He explained, “Some things aren’t as simple as you think. Their situation is complicated. 
“There are a lot of issues happening in Jipsburg right now. This isn’t the time for romantic feelings. One wrong move could push Skylar away from us.” 
Aiken saw the reality. 
Given how much Joe cared for Skylar, he would never easily divorce her or get engaged to someone else in such circumstances. 
Aiken understood that Joe’s feelings for Skylar were significant and could be similar to Simona’s thoughts. 
Simona was anxious. “But I don’t want you to lose this chance. Don’t you really like Skylar, Aiken?” After all, she hadn’t seen any other women around Aiken lately. He seemed completely focused on waiting for Skylar. 
Símona truly hoped Aiken could be with someone he genuinely liked. After all, Skylar was an amazing 
person. 
Aiken looked deeply at Simona and said, “Don’t say things like that, especially not in front of Skylar.” “Okay, okay, I get it. But aren’t you being a bit too cautious?” Simona felt that Aiken
was overly careful regarding anything related to Skylar. 
It seemed like he was afraid of making a mistake that would make Skylar dislike him. Aiken spoke seriously, “You shouldn’t contact her for now.” 
“She just divorced Joe, and he got engaged to someone else so quickly. She must be really hurt. Can’t I just comfort her?” Simona replied, a bit dissatisfied. 
“You don’t understand. What she needs right now isn’t comfort. It’s understanding,” Aiken said in a stern 
voice. 
Though Simona had a childish side, she had experienced a lot lately. Seeing Aiken’s serious expression, she decided to drop the subject. “Fine, I get it. Don’t worry, I won’t bother her.” 
Aiken sighed in relief and glanced at the cold dinner before him. “Let’s just heat this up and eat. I had a meal before returning, but I must head to my studies to deal with some things. If you need anything, come find me there.” 
“Alright.” Simona nodded. 
She looked at the lavish dinner spread before her but felt unenthusiastic. She thought, “When will our home be lively again?” 
Eating alone made even the finest meal feel tasteless. However, Aiken was being excessively cautious. with Skylar. 
She opened her phone and scrolled through the news, finding many discussions about Joe and Lizzie’s situation trending today. 
###chapter1074
 1081
Simona looked at the photo of Lizzie and rolled her eyes in disbelief. 
“Seriously? She’s nowhere near as good as Skylar. Even if Joe doesn’t want Skylar anymore, he should at least find someone who’s on her level. How could he pick someone so inferior? It shows that his standards have plummeted ever since he left Skylar.” 
As Aiken made his way upstairs, he caught the tail end of Simona’s rant and shook his head helplessly. 
He was well–informed and had even had someone look into Lizzie before. 
He discovered that Lizzie seemed to have a clean romantic history with no past boyfriends. However, that was mainly because she wasn’t interested in men. Hence, this engagement must be related to Viola, whom Skylar had him to look for. 
The details Aiken uncovered about Viola were astonishing. Over 30 years ago, she was well–known throughout Jipsburg City. Today, respected figures like George and Alexander were once friends with her. 
Piecing everything together, Aiken began to suspect that Skylar hadn’t actually divorced Joe. 
Later that evening, Skylar stepped out of the shower and noticed two missed calls on her phone. They were both from Janine. 
Joe was in the guest bathroom washing up when she realized she had forgotten to inform them about her stay. She decided to return Janine’s call. 
“Mom?” 
“Skye, what time are you coming home tonight?” Janine asked. 
“Mom, I’m staying at a friend’s place tonight. I’ll be back tomorrow morning,” Skylar replied. 
Earlier in the day, she hadn’t explained much to her family. She wanted to wait until things settled down before discussing it further. 
Now, with Joe insisting she stay the night, it seemed she needed to clarify things with her family 
tomorrow.. 
Joe walked over to her as she pondered how to approach the conversation. “Did your mom call?” he 
asked. 
Skylar nodded. “Yeah, I think we should just tell them the truth tomorrow.” 
Joe sat down, drying his hair with a towel. “If you’re unsure how to explain, I can talk to them.” 
Upon hearing his words, Skylar looked at him. “No, I’d prefer to handle it. I’ll be home in the morning and can explain everything then.” 
Too much had happened regarding her and Joe over the past few days. Joe didn’t insist further. After drying his hair, he pushed Skylar down onto the bed. “Let’s do what we should be doing tonight.” 
The following day, Skylar took a cab home. 
After being worn out by Joe that night before, she felt completely drained. With her back and legs aching, she struggled to muster the strength to drive. 
When she returned home, she found Steven was also there. It was a good opportunity to explain things together. 
“Mom, Steven, I have something to tell you both,” Skylar said. 
Janine immediately set aside what she was doing and washed her hands to join them. Steven looked at Skylar with some concern. 
Since the Williams family had acknowledged Skylar, several events had unfolded, each more challenging than the last. If anyone else had gone through what she had, they might have crumbled under the 
pressure. 
“What is it? Take your time. We’ll face it together as a family, so.don’t worry,” Steven said softly. 
Janine glanced at Steven before smiling at Skylar. “Steven is right. He bought back a box of strawberries, and I just washed them. Let’s eat while we talk.” 
###chapter1075
 1082
Steven, Charles, Skylar, and Harvey loved eating strawberries. 
When Skylar walked in, she immediately caught the sweet aroma of the strawberries and swallowed hard. She said, “Sounds good.” 
She then proceeded to share some details about her situation with Joe. Both Steven and Janine were shocked by what they heard. 
Steven asked, “So, you and Joe aren’t planning to divorce?” 
Skylar replied, “That’s right. After careful consideration, we’ve decided not to divorce. However, we can’t be seen together publicly for now. Once the people behind the negative items trying to harm us are revealed, we’ll announce our marriage.” 
Steven was already aware of the negative items and the people behind them. He could only tell Skylar, “If you need anything, just let me know.” 
Janine added, “As long as you and Joe are doing well, I’ll handle the rest. Don’t worry, I won’t share anything about you and Joe with anyone.” 
Just as she finished speaking, Skylar’s phone rang. She glanced at the screen and said, “It’s Charles.” 
“Charles seems busy today. He mentioned he has an event to attend and might receive an award. Why is he calling you?” Janine remarked. 
Skylar had heard that Charles was quite serious about the event today. She pondered how he could be so busy yet still find the time to call her. She answered the phone. “Hey, Charles.” 
“Skye, I just saw Lizzie, and she’s several times less attractive than you. Trust me, Joe’s taste is seriously off right now. If he’s making bad choices now, his judgment is probably compromised. We should keep our distance from such a man.” Charles’s voice came through the phone. 
Skylar couldn’t help but laugh at the coincidence. Lizzie was also attending the same event as Charles today. 
She had put the call on speakerphone, so both Steven and Janine heard what Charles said. 
They both exchanged glances, slightly speechless. If Skylar hadn’t shared her situation with them earlier, they might have joined Charles in bashing Joe. 
“Focus on your event. Don’t worry about all this nonsense for now. After the event, when you have some time, give me a call. I need to discuss something with you,” Steven said first. 
Surprised by Steven’s words, Charles responded, “You’re home? Alright, but have to say, it won’t sit well if I don’t speak my mind. Skylar deserves a better man. Joe isn’t good enough for her. I’ll call you guys. later after I finish up.” 
Charles was someone who had clear distinctions between love and hate. If it hadn’t been for Joe helping him out with his earlier situation with Felicia, he might have said even harsher things. 
Skylar knew Charles’s character all too well. 
At this awards ceremony, he won the Best Supporting Actor award. This was the first award he had received since entering the entertainment industry. 
After being in the industry for so long and remaining relatively unknown, he had finally reached this 
significant milestone. He thanked the company, the organizers, and his agent, but he emphasized his gratitude toward his family the most. 
As he walked off the stage, his eyes brimmed with tears. Once he was seated again, thoughts of Skylar filled his mind. 
Then he remembered Lizzie, who was sitting behind him. He turned around sharply, his gaze cold as he looked at her. 
Lizzie was not unfamiliar with the entertainment industry. She had been invited to the event, where she was supposed to perform a short piece. 
At first, she sensed someone staring coldly at her but couldn’t tell who it was. Besides, her name had been trending on social media, likely due to jealousy from others, so she didn’t pay much attention to it. 
But then she suddenly realized that a male actor–the one who had just won an award–was staring at her. She wondered what his name was. Was it Charles? 
Right. She remembered now. It was Charles. 
###chapter1076
 1083
If it were just a woman being jealous, that would be one thing. But it was puzzling why a man would feel jealous of Lizzie. Perhaps he had feelings for Joe. 
As Lizzie considered this, a thought struck her. She remembered that his surname was Sullivan. 
Charles Sullivan… Skylar Sullivan…. 
The pieces began to fall into place. They could very well be siblings. 
As the camera moved around, it occasionally captured the people present. After glancing at Lizzie for a moment, Charles quickly averted his gaze. 
There was no need to pay attention to such a mistress. 
In the future, he would keep a close eye on Skylar to help her avoid any potential scumbags. 
Lizzie pondered this momentarily before pulling out her phone to message Skylar on Instagram. A few minutes later, Skylar replied, “Charles is my brother. I’m sorry. He’s still unaware of the situation.” 
Lizzie smiled. Skylar was quite charming. It was rare to meet someone so sincere. 
Moreover, as an antique restorer, she was even more unique. Lizzie admired people who were dedicated to their careers. But unfortunately, Skylar was already married. 
After Skylar and Steven finished dinner that evening, she got in the car to head back to her and Joe’s new place. 
It was dark now, and the roads were bustling with traffic. 
She encountered a few traffic jams along the way. Skylar sent a voice message to Joe. “I’m stuck in traffic. I should be home about half an hour later. I checked the navigation, and it looks especially congested tonight, probably due to an accident.” 
11 
Joe replied, “Stay safe. If it gets too bad, just park the car and take the subway.” 
That was a good idea, and Skylar couldn’t help but smile. Luckily, she quickly passed the congested area. 
As she approached an intersection, she spotted a car accident. Two vehicles had collided. 
Fortunately, no one got hurt, and the police had already managed the situation. 
20 minutes later, she arrived at the underground parking lot. 
Just as she parked the car, an unfamiliar number called her. While stepping out, she answered the phone. 
“Do you know who I am?” a man’s voice asked. 
Skylar listened to the voice on the other end of the line. Although it sounded unfamiliar, she felt she had heard it somewhere. Besides, most men’s voices sounded the same. 
She replied directly, “You have the wrong number.” 
“I didn’t dial the wrong number. Aren’t you feeling quite sad right now? Joe has abandoned you, shattering your dreams of luxury. You’re forced to watch him get engaged to someone else. Any woman would find that hard to accept,” the man said. 
Skylar halted in her tracks. “Who are you?” 
He knew about her relationship with Joe and her phone number. He must have been someone she had encountered before. 
“Still can’t remember who I am? The fact that I can call you at a time like this means you’re important to me,” the man teased, keeping her guessing. 
Skylar’s voice turned icy. “If you don’t tell me who you are, I’ll hang up.” 
“Why rush? A beautiful woman like you shouldn’t be so impatient. Or are you heartbroken over Joe and don’t want to talk to anyone?” 
Before he could finish, Skylar hung up the call. But soon after, another call came in from the same number. 
“Tell me who you are, or I’ll block you,” Skylar said coldly. 
“A beautiful woman certainly has a temper. Fine, I’ll tell you who I am. I’m Claudio Martin. We met at the hospital. Even though you weren’t very friendly to me, I’m generous enough to have forgiven you. “Now that Joe is divorced from you, I can offer you a chance. How about being with me?” Claudio proposed enticingly. 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
X 
Claim 
###chapter1077
 1084
In moments like these, a woman was at her most vulnerable. Losing Joe could lead Skylar to spiral into self–destruction. 
Claudio’s unexpected call offered her a choice that could change her trajectory. It was like a warm ray of hope amidst the cold. 
“If you’re with me, I promise I’ll treat you better than Joe ever did. You won’t have to suffer anymore,” Claudio confidently declared. 
“You’re insane.” After hurling that insult, Skylar hung up and swiftly blocked Claudio’s number. 
It became clear to her that not all men bearing the surname Martin were as intelligent as Joe. Many of them, like Claudio, seemed to lack common sense. 
After blocking him, she pressed the elevator button. Meanwhile, Claudio, enraged after being insulted, attempted to call her several more times. When those calls failed to connect, he realized she had 
blocked him. 
His teeth clenched in frustration.“Such a bad temper? It’s no wonder Joe abandoned you. You’ll be begging me soon enough.” 
He had someone look into it and discovered that Skylar had been kicked out of Alexander’s team. Without Joe as her backing, she would soon come crawling to him. 
He was determined to have her. 
Skylar didn’t take Claudio’s calls seriously. She brushed it off and didn’t give it much thought. Once home, she found Joe stepping out of his study, dressed casually in jeans and a T–shirt. 
He looked comfortable in his relaxed attire, yet she couldn’t help but wonder why he hadn’t changed into loungewear. 
Just as she was about to ask, Joe said, “There’s a situation with Rowan. I need to check on him. I’ll be late tonight, so don’t wait up for me.” 
“Rowan?” Skylar echoed softly. Rowan and Jenny had seemed to be doing well living together recently. 
She remembered how Minerva had mentioned that Rowan finally went to Reid Residence to discuss breaking off their engagement. With the matter now out in the open, Minerva no longer had to tread carefully, and the Jakeman family could no longer pressure her. 
It was clear that Rowan was serious about Jenny. 
“His parents sent him videos and photos of Jenny and Edwin together.” Even as Joe revealed such explosive news, his expression remained indifferent, as if the matter wasn’t significant. 
Skylar could see through Joe’s calm demeanor. Despite his outward appearance, he was genuinely worried about Rowan’s situation. 
In the living room, bottles of alcohol lay scattered across the floor. Some had even shattered, creating a mess that mirrored the moment’s chaos. The door stood ajar. 
Joe pushed it open and was immediately greeted by the sight of scattered bottles of alcohol. 
Upon seeing the mess strewn across the floor, Joe furrowed his brow. He then glanced at Rowan, who 
was slumped on the couch, clutching a bottle and drinking heavily. 
Spotting Joe, Rowan let out a self–deprecating laugh. Did you know about this all along? Why didn’t you tell me sooner?” 
“Some things you need to experience for yourself,” Joe repaid calmly. 
Rowan paused, momentarily taken aback, then chuckled bitterly. “So, it was my parents who told you not to say anything, wasn’t it?” 
“Do you know what Jenny said to me? She claimed your father coerced her. She painted herself as the victim, saying she felt guilty every single day. 
“Then she asked me why I cared, pointing out that I had been with other women too. I was speechless. I had no idea she could be so articulate.” 
###chapter1078
 1085
Rowan said, “She made me feel like a jerk. But everything she’s done, one thing after another, proves she’s not some innocent girl. She always acted so pure and kind in front of me, like some helpless, weak, and vulnerable rabbit. 
“She had no family to depend on, just living in constant fear of the world. It turns out that behind the scenes, she used her advantages to bully classmates and make herself look spotless. 
“In college, she played with people’s feelings like it was some game. Even with your father, she only got involved with him because she thought she could use him to marry you. But she ended up getting herself caught in her own trap. 
“Everything about her became so clear to me, but she had the nerve to blame me. She said it was my fault for not treating her well, for doubting her, for hurting her. I never imagined someone could be so two- faced.” 
Rowan spilled everything he had been holding back, unloading his thoughts onto Joe. 
Ever since learning the truth, he had felt like a complete fool who couldn’t tell right from wrong. 
“I should’ve known what kind of person she was long ago. I should’ve cut my losses. But when she returned to me, I thought all these years of sticking by her meant something. Turns out she was just using me the whole time.” 
As he spoke, Rowan tipped his head back and gulped down more alcohol. 
After Rowan finished speaking, Joe walked over and sat on the couch. He looked at Rowan and said, “It’s not too late to realize it now.” 
Hearing his words, Rowan lifted his gaze to meet Joe’s. “Yeah, now I know. But does that mean I deserve to have my feelings toyed with by a woman?” 
Joe’s response was blunt, as always. “You’ve toyed with plenty of women’s feelings yourself.” 
Rowan’s expression shifted from one of utter heartbreak to a forced smile. His gaze shifted awkwardly as he said, “My situation with Jenny is different. When I’m with other women, it’s all understood. They see me as a playboy. But with Jenny, I was truly sincere.” 
As he spoke, Rowan start embarrassing. 
to realize how foolish he had made himself look. It felt beneath him, almost 
He remembered the times when a few women had cried when leaving him. Back then, he found it annoying. 
He believed that romance was always a two–way street, so there was no point in crying over it. 
Standing up from the floor and settling back onto the couch, he noticed several empty bottles scattered. It felt like a harsh reality check and stung quite a bit. 
Seeing Joe’s usual cold demeanor, he scoffed and said, “You wouldn’t understand how I feel.” 
“I actually admire you. You divorced Skylar so quickly and then moved on effortlessly to other engagements. How do you manage to be so heartless? Share some of your wisdom with me.” He quickly switched the topic to something more gossipworthy. 
In his eyes, Joe’s seriousness about Skylar didn’t seem like the kind that would lead to a divorce just like that. 
Yet here they were. Joe had not only divorced but had quickly moved on with someone else. That kind of 
speed was something Rowan had never even dared to imagine. 
It wasn’t surprising when it happened to someone else, but it felt strange when it involved Joe. 
Joe’s expression turned icy. Rowan forced a smile and said, “Skylar is really something special. I have a feeling you’re going to regret this later.” 
It wouldn’t have mattered if it had been anyone else, but Skylar was genuinely great. 
“Have you thought about what you’re going to do next?” Joe asked. 
Rowan let out a self–deprecating laugh. “What else can I do? I’ll just go home. My parents are probably waiting for me to return with my tail between my legs. At least I can return to being the Jakeman family’s carefree heir.” 
Saying that made him feel like he had just drowned his sorrows in alcohol for no reason. Joe replied nonchalantly, “Yeah, that works.” 
Just then, Rowan’s phone began buzzing incessantly. 
He glanced at the screen to see an unknown number. He had received plenty of calls today, most of them from Jenny. 
He hadn’t answered any of them. 
But now, looking at this unfamiliar number, he decided to pick it up. “Who is this?” 
###chapter1079
 1086
Rowan had never been easy to talk to, especially today when he was in a bad mood. Whoever was calling him had better be prepared. 
“Rowan, if you don’t come now, I’ll jump!” The call was cut off right after the caller had finished that 
sentence. 
Then, Rowan received a video from Jenny. She was standing on top of a tall building. The wind blew her hair around as she stood on the rooftop’s edge. She could just fall off the building just by leaning forward. 
Jenny spoke in the video, “I’m on the top of the Jakeman Corp. building. Rowan, this time, I’m not joking.” 
Rowan stared wide–eyed at Jenny in the video and turned to Joe. “Jenny is crazy!” 
Joe had seen the video too–Paul had sent it to him. 
“Let’s go take a look,” Joe said. 
Rowan had already stood up by then. 
Although he had no feelings for Jenny anymore and had been hurt, he knew he couldn’t just stand by and watch her die. As much as it annoyed him, it was still partly his fault. 
Joe drove today. 
This wasn’t the first time Rowan had been in Joe’s car. Although he had a driver, he would still drive himself sometimes. 
In the past, Joe drove like a racer. But today, Rowan noticed he was driving steadily, not fast at all. He felt odd and asked, “Why are you driving so slowly?” 
It wasn’t like Joe’s usual style at all. 
Joe glanced at Rowan and said, “Unlike you, I’m not alone.” 
He had a family and a wife. So he wouldn’t engage in risky driving anymore. 
Rowan was stunned. “What do you mean by that? You just got divorced and engaged again, right?” 
Was Joe really so invested in his new fiancée? That didn’t seem too fair to Skylar. 
Rowan felt uncomfortable with that. Skylar was such a great woman, but she ended up with a heartless guy like Joe. It was bad luck for her. 
However, Rowan just kept his thoughts to himself and grumbled internally. 
“Do you think Jenny will really jump? I feel like it’s just another one of her stunts.” 
Rowan was mostly sober now and thinking more clearly. He could look at his relationship with Jenny more ively. 
Even though she threatened to jump, he wasn’t that worried. 
Knowing her personality, it seemed unlikely she would truly want to die. This was probably just a stunt to get what she wanted. 
Joe glanced at the traffic light ahead and slowly came to a stop. “She won’t jump.” 
Rowan nodded and said, “I think so too.” 
Soon, they arrived at the Jakeman Corp.’s building. 
It was late, and there weren’t many people on the streets. 
The building was tall, so no one noticed what was happening on the rooftop. Jenny probably didn’t want to cause too much commotion as well, so she hadn’t alerted anyone on the streets. 
As Joe and Rowan were about to enter the building, they suddenly heard Skylar’s voice behind them. 
“Wait, I’ll go up with you.” 
Skylar had been surprised when she received a call from Jenny, but a life was at stake. She couldn’t just stand by and do nothing. 
Joe turned to look at Skylar and asked, “She called you too?” 
“Yes,” Skylar answered as she walked over. 
Rowan’s eyes darted back and forth between the two of them. They didn’t look like a divorced couple. A couple who divorced or broken up wouldn’t be this calm seeing each other, would they? 
###chapter1080
 1087
C 
Joe and Skylar looked like they were still married. There wasn’t a trace of distance between the two of them. Joe even took the initiative to approach Skylar. 
“You don’t have to go if you don’t want to,” Joe told Skylar. 
“It’s fine. It might be good to see her.” 
Rowan was utterly dumbfounded. He swallowed hard as he walked toward Skylar. 
Skylar glanced at Rowan, noticing the strong smell of alcohol on him, and thought he must have drunk quite a bit. Then, she raised an eyebrow slightly and said, “Try to let go.” 
Rowan didn’t expect Skylar, who had gone through something similar, to be so calm. She was handling it all with such ease and grace, even more so than him. This made him astonished. 
In the end, he just nodded dumbly, “I’ve let go.” 
Skylar smiled and nodded. “That’s good.” 
Jenny was dressed lightly on the rooftop, and the gusts of wind were making her cold. She couldn’t understand what was happening. It had been almost 40 minutes, but none had shown up. Did her life mean so little to them? Did they not care at all? 
“I’m clearly the victim. I’m so pitiful. Why do they think this is all my fault? It’s not my fault!” 
Jenny couldn’t comprehend it. She hadn’t told anyone else about today’s incident. Those so–called friends whom she used to eat and drink with distanced themselves once they knew Joe abandoned her and Rowan dumped her. They no longer treated her as a friend. 
That was a harsh and cruel reality. 
“I just don’t understand it. Why is everyone treating me like this?” Jenny cried, her eyes red. 
She looked down to the ground and knew very well that she would be smashed to pieces if she jumped. So, she took a step back. 
“I’ve truly lost everything. I’ve lost Joe and Rowan. I’d even been used like a toy. What do I have to do to get a better life? She muttered to herself, lamenting her situation. 
When she heard a sound behind her, she immediately turned to look. She didn’t expect the three of them to show up together. 
Her eyes first fell on Skylar. 
Seeing Skylar looking radiant as usual, without a trace of despair or self–pity that one might expect after being abandoned, Jenny couldn’t help but lash out at her first. A 
“You and Joe were married legally. You’re the legitimate Mrs. Martin. In the end, Joe publicly announced his engagement to someone else. Aren’t you angry? Aren’t you jealous? 
“Skylar, are you just pretending not to care? Are you secretly happy that Rowan dumped me? Does that make you feel better?” 
That must be it. Skylar must be gloating. Otherwise, why did she seem to be okay? She must be thrilled to see her worse off. 
Jenny’s eyes were filled with jealousy. 
Skylar was speechless at Jenny’s accusations. She couldn’t follow her train of thought. 
“Don’t judge others by your own standards,” Skylar replied. 
Jenny bit her lip and laughed coldly before turning to Joe. 
“Joe, I made one mistake, and you kicked me out, banning me from appearing in front of you. You even let Mr. Edwin bully me. Are you really that heartless?” 
Joe just responded flatly, “If you had chosen to call the police when he first bullied you, he wouldn’t have the chance to bully you again.” 
###chapter1081
 1088
“Call the police? What good would that do? If I called the police, I would’ve become the laughingstock in Jipsburg. Everyone would think I’m ruined. Who would ever look up to me again? I would have to leave the city! 
“Joe, you’re really too ruthless. I was clearly the victim and didn’t know anything. I just wanted to be with you so much that I went to Mr. Edwin for help. But he hurt me! How could he? I’m a victim!” 
The more Jenny spoke, the more aggrieved she felt. Tears were welling up in her eyes as she looked at 
Joe. 
At that moment, Jenny thought it was everyone else’s fault; she was the only victim. 
Skylar just listened in silence, feeling speechless, while Rowan’s face darkened. Joe, on the other hand, remained expressionless and said nothing. 
When Jenny saw no change in Joe’s expression, she froze. She should have known that this would happen. Joe had always been cold. 
If he said he wouldn’t care about her, then he wouldn’t. No matter how much she complained, it wouldn’t matter to him. 
Then, Jenny glanced at Skylar, who also looked calm and composed even after being abandoned by Joe. It was infuriating how she could be so at peace. 
How could Skylar endure it? Or perhaps she was just pretending. 
Next, Jenny turned her gaze to Rowan. 
“Rowan, the person I hate the most is you. You always said you liked me and wanted to be with me. You waited for me all these years, but after we finally got together, not only did you stop caring, you even blamed me and broke up with me. You actually despised me! 
“Rowan, you’re even more heartless than Joe. Why do you care so much? Why did you look down on me even though you knew I was the victim? I’ve never looked down on you! When we were together, I was really serious and even thought of marrying you!” 
Listening to Jenny’s irrational words, Rowan frowned “Were you serious? Jenny, don’t lie at a time like this. It’s useless 
#1 
He couldn’t believe she was still so stubborn. 
From the moment she spoke to Skylar, then to Joe, every word was about how it was someone else’s fault, and she bore no responsibility. 
Suddenly, he realized that he had been foolish for so many years. It was all his own fault. Rowan thought he could always see through women like Jenny, yet he still ended up being deceived by her. 
Jenny’s face turned red. “Rowan, you’re just selfish! Do you think I didn’t know you’re regretting it? You want to go back to Minerva, don’t you? I know you’re still thinking about her. 
“But she would never take you back! Everyone gets what they deserve. Rowan, your punishment for not wanting me will be losing her!” 
The wind suddenly picked up, causing Jenny to sway uncontrollably. She subtly stepped away from the edge for stability. 
When Rowan heard Minerva’s name, his expression changed. 
Seeing his reaction, Jenny’s face became even more strained. “I knew it. You can’t tolerate me anymore because you don’t want to be with me anymore. 
“You only got together with me to fulfill your years of unrequited love. Once I agreed, you felt no need to treat me well anymore. My mistake just gave you an excuse to break up with me.” 
“Think whatever you want.” Rowan was losing his patience. 
Jenny had said so much today. She first pleaded with him, then accused him, and now she was completely unrestrained. 
Her eyes reddened instantly. “Rowan, I don’t want to break up with you! We can’t break up. We can’t end up like that! You have to stay with me! If you don’t, I’ll jump from here. 
“Joe and Skylar will be witnesses. If I jump, you’ll be the murderer! You’ll live with that guilt for the rest of your life!” 
 ?  ? : 1 :|: 1 :   ? ? 1|: ? ? ? ? ? +F5l! 
Rowan was taken aback as he stared at Jenny’s face, twisted with anger and desperation. 
S 
###chapter1082
 1089
This was the real Jenny. She would stop at nothing to achieve her goal. 
With her eyes bloodshot, she pointed to the ground below and stared at Rowan. She was taking a chance. 
Jenny was sure that Rowan couldn’t bear to let her die. So, as long as he had her, even just a trace, in his heart, he wouldn’t stand by and watch her end her life. 
Jenny simply couldn’t lose Rowan. 
Skylar glanced at Joe. 
Noticing her gaze, Joe looked back at her, and with just a glance, they both knew what the other was thinking–Jenny wasn’t really going to jump. 
Rowan was a bit startled. He quickly stepped forward to stop Jenny. “Why are you so foolish? Jenny, breaking up with me is not a loss for you. I’ll give you a breakup fee. After you leave Jipsburg, you can live well wherever you go.” 
“Breakup fee? I don’t want it! I’m not short of money! Rowan, I just want to be with you. 
“We agreed to get married. You promised. Why can’t we do that just because of these things? As long as you stay with me, Mr. Edwin won’t push me anymore, and I won’t be scared!” Jenny’s eyes were full of hope as she stared at Rowan. 
She was staging this scene to force Rowan’s hand. She needed him to agree. 
Rowan, seeing the calculating looks in Jenny’s eyes, felt utterly disappointed. 
“Spill everything you want to say,” he said, his patience completely gone. 
When they were coming up in the elevator, he still had a faint hope that Jenny might show some remorse. If she had, he might have made sure that she had a comfortable life in the future. But now, it was clear that he had been hoping for too much. 
Jenny shook her head, still staring at Rowan. Her posture became soft and fragile. “What I want is very simple. I want us to get married!” 
She looked at him with anticipation, knowing full well that it wouldn’t be easy for him to agree. 
But with the wind blowing so hard on the rooftop and them being dozens of floors up, she thought that they would live with guilt if she ever jumped. 
Jenny then turned to Skylar and said, “Skylar, I’m not like you. At least I dare to say what I want. As for you You divorced Joe, yet pretend to be calm when you see him. You’re actually suffering inside, aren’t you?” 
Skylar didn’t deny it. “You’re right. We’re not the same.” 
She would rather let go of the people she couldn’t have. A forced relationship would never last. Jenny sneered before shifting her attention back to Rowan. “Have you made up your mind? If you agree, I’ll come down now. But if you disagree, I’ll jump from here.” 
“You want me to marry you? That’s impossible. You have two choices. Either you come down now, and I’ll give you 10 million dollars as a breakup fee, and then we part ways amicably. Or, you jump, and I’ll find someone to collect your body,” Rowan said coldly, his face emotionless. 
Jenny’s eyes widened at his words. “Are you forcing me to jump? Do you think I wouldn’t dare?” 
###chapter1083
 1090
As soon as Jenny finished speaking, she leaned toward the edge. It was as if she would really plummet from the rooftop with a slight bend. 
Seeing this, Skylar warned, “The wind is too strong. You’re putting yourself in real danger.” 
From Jenny’s actions, it was clear that she knew this wouldn’t lead anywhere. 
Crying, making a scene, and threatening to jump from a building only worked on someone who still loved you. For someone who didn’t care anymore, it was useless. 
Skylar believed that someone as clever as Jenny would realize that fact. 
Jenny saw that neither Joe nor Rowan attempted to stop her, even though she had threatened to jump off the building–they remained cold and indifferent. 
She knew then that no matter how much she threatened, Rowan wouldn’t change his mind. Feeling desperate and dejected, she stared intently at Rowan. 
“Do you really not care? Are you really going to just stand there and watch me die?” she asked. 
Rowan remained silent. His attitude was clear, but her drama wouldn’t work on him. 
Joe looked down and said to Skylar, “Let’s go.” 
Skylar nodded and took a glance at Jenny. 
There was no point in staying there. Jenny had called them to confirm certain things–perhaps to see if Skylar was heartbroken or to see if Joe would show her some pity. 
As for Rowan, Jenny probably wanted to know if he still had any lingering feelings for her. If he did, he wouldn’t be able to stand by while she threatened to jump. 
As the two left, Jenny noticed them. She wanted to stop them, but meeting Joe’s cold, unyielding gaze, she knew it was pointless to say anything. So, she pretended not to see them go. 
Turning back to Rowan, she pleaded, tears streaming down her face, “Rowan, didn’t you say you loved me? Why can’t I see that at all? 
“I’ve already humbled myself, begged you, and now I can’t even live without you. Why won’t you forgive me? 
“I was wrong. If I had just been honest with you from the start and asked for your help, maybe we wouldn’t be in this situation right now. I was wrong, Rowan. Please forgive me. I can’t lose you.” 
She shifted her stance to a softer one. 
Rowan only replied with a cold gaze, “This is getting tiresome. I know you won’t jump and not going to jump as well. My conditions still stand. Text me after you decide. 
“By the way, there are cameras up here. Everything we’ve, said has been recorded. If you keep this up, it’ll just get even more pointless.” 
“You!” Jenny’s face turned pale, her expression changing dramatically. 
Then, she suddenly burst into laughter. 
“I’ve lost everything! I have nothing left! Rowan, you really know how to toy with people. Your family knew everything about me, down to the very last detail, but they waited until the perfect moment to reveal it to you–right when I thought you loved me when we were about to get married. 
“That’s so cruel! And Edwin Martin–I addressed him as Mr. Edwin, hoping he would help me, but instead, he drugged me and assaulted me again and again. I thought I was smart, but in the end, I lost everything!” 
She had no way to win Rowan back now, and all she had left was the threat of suicide. 
Rowan’s expression became complicated. After all, he had loved her for many years, and it wasn’t easy to let go completely. 
“Leave Jipsburg, start afresh, and stop scheming. That way, you won’t repeat your mistakes. Jenny, you’ve already gotten more than enough.” 
But Jenny muttered to herself, as if she didn’t hear Rowan’s words. “Leave Jipsburg? Leave Jipsburg! I don’t want to leave. Everything I’ve ever dreamed of is here. Where can I go if I leave Jipsburg? You don’t want me anymore–what am I supposed to do in the future?” 
L 
###chapter1084
 1091
As she spoke, Jenny climbed down from the edge. The strong wind blew her hair into a tangled mess, but 
she didn’t seem to notice. 
Her face was streaked with tears, and she alternated between crying and laughing as she looked at 
Rowan. 
“Even if I leave Jipsburg, you and Minerva will never be together. I can see that you’ve never really gotten 
over her! 
“Rowan, you gave up on me just like you heartlessly gave up on Minerva back then. But I’m not like her- she was pregnant when you abandoned her!” 
At first, Rowan frowned as he listened to Jenny’s manic rambling. But when she mentioned that Minerva was pregnant, his expression changed. 
“Pregnant? You said Minerva was pregnant?” 
Why didn’t she tell him? And why had she been so determined to break off their engagement? 
Seeing Rowan finally panic, Jenny felt a mix of jealousy and sorrow. 
Why was Minerva blessed with such a privileged background? Why had Rowan, who once adored her, fell for Minerva? 
But still… 
“Yes, she was pregnant! Someone like her would never be with anyone else while she was with you, so the baby could only be yours! 
“But too bad. The day we ran into her at the hospital was the day she got an abortion! Hahaha! Your baby is gone! 
“You said you didn’t want her, so she got rid of the baby. Now, even if you regret it and want to find her, she’ll never forgive you!” Jenny laughed hysterically. 
She might not have gotten what she wanted, but seeing Rowan suffer the same gave her a twisted sense of satisfaction. Neither of them was innocent. 
Rowan stood there, shocked. It was as if he had just heard something unbelievable. His ears rang as he recalled the two times he had seen Minerva at the hospital. That day, her face was pale and drained of 
color. 
She looked sick. 
So, that day, she had been there to… 
Rowan’s head buzzed, thinking of Minerva’s cold attitude toward him recently. So, he immediately turned to leave. He had to see Minerva right away. 
Jenny watched as Rowan suddenly became frantic, his face drained of color. “Do you think she’ll see you? 
she shouted after him. 
“She’ll never forgive you, Rowan! You’ve broken her heart just like you’re doing to me now! When you broke up with her, you were just as heartless as you are now! Haha, Rowan, you and I are just the same!” 
Neither of them had any right to call the other dirty. 
Rowan’s face was ashen. He turned back and coldly said, “You’ll receive the 10 million in a few minutes. You’re on your own now.” 
As he walked away, Rowan pulled out his phone and dialed Minerva’s number. 
Jenny laughed even more hysterically when she saw how desperate he had become. Her tears flowed uncontrollably. “Haha! Haha!” 
Rowan’s face darkened as he heard her unsettling laughter behind him. At the same time, he heard an automated message from his phone. “The number you’ve dialed is unavailable.” 
Did Minerva block his number? 
###chapter1085
 1092
From Rowan’s retreating figure, Jenny could see his panic. She couldn’t help the tears that kept streaming down her face. 
“Since you’re giving me 10 million dollars, I’ll give you a gift. Rowan, remember this–we owe each other nothing now!” 
Hearing Jenny’s words behind him, Rowan paused slightly. He glanced back at her but didn’t bother to ask what the gift was. By now, all feelings between them had been completely drained. So, he left the rooftop quickly. 
Jenny stared intently at Rowan. 
Seeing him walk away without hesitation, her last shred of hope disappeared entirely. She now knew without a doubt that she and Rowan would never be together again. 
Looking down at the ground far below the tall building, she let out a cold laugh. “All of you think my life is over, but I’ll show you how great I’ll live! Just you wait!” 
By the roadside, Skylar and Joe were chatting while waiting for Rowan. 
After about ten minutes, Rowan approached them. Just then, Skylar noticed a car pulling up to the curb, and Minerva stepped out. 
She was surprised to see Skylar and Joe together. 
Weren’t these two divorced? 
She hadn’t called Skylar to comfort her after the divorce out of respect, thinking that Skylar was strong enough to handle it without breaking down. 
So, why were they here together? Did Jenny call them too? 
She also noticed Rowan walking over. It wasn’t surprising that he was there. If Jenny called her, she definitely would have called Rowan as well. 
If she hadn’t wanted to keep her hands clean, Minerva wouldn’t have come. 
“Mr. Martin, Ms. Sullivan,” Minerva greeted the two. 
Joe just gave a brief nod in response. 
Skylar asked her, “Did Jenny call you too?” 
Was Jenny trying her rooftop drama as a public spectacle? 
S 
“Yes, I happened to be nearby when she called. Did you see her already?” Minerva asked. 
Skylar nodded. “Yes, we’ve seen her. It’s nothing serious.” 
Minerva felt relieved. 
At that moment, Rowan quickly approached them. Upon seeing Minerva, he realized what Jenny’s gift was. It was Minerva, who was standing right before him. 
His expression was a mix of complex emotions and urgency as he looked at her. “Minerva, we need to talk!” 
Skylar and Joe exchanged a glance. Then, Skylar said to Rowan and Minerva, “We’ll be on our way.” With 
that, they both got into their respective cars. 
With the quiet street, Minerva realized she was now alone with Rowan after Skylar and Joe left. She furrowed her brows and spoke to him impatiently, “Sorry, there’s nothing for us to talk about.” 
She glanced up at the rooftop where Jenny was still standing. 
What was Rowan thinking, wanting to talk to her now? Was he not afraid of Jen
###chapter1086
 1093
Jenny was trying to cause a scene by threatening to jump off a building for no reason at all. 
Minerva felt that Jenny and Rowan were really having a tumultuous and stormy relationship. But no matter how intense or dramatic it is, why would they drag others into their relationship? Did they think everyone else had to serve their love story? It was ridiculous! 
Seeing the impatience on Minerva’s face, Rowan asked anxiously with reddened eyes, “Are you pregnant with our baby?” 
Minerva’s expression changed drastically upon hearing this. She stared at Rowan in shock. “How did you find out?” 
“Why didn’t you tell me you were pregnant?” Rowan asked, his voice filled with urgency. 
Minerva raised an eyebrow and replied sarcastically, “Rowan, is your memory failing you? We broke up. It has nothing to do with you whether I’m pregnant or not.” 
“Of course it matters! I’m the father! If you had told me, I would’ve taken responsibility!” Rowan hurriedly expressed his intentions. 
Minerva scoffed, “You want to take responsibility while you’re still with Jenny? Rowan, you’re really 
something.” 
“No, I didn’t mean it that way…” Rowan quickly tried to explain. 
“Didn’t mean it that way? Rowan, no one’s going to believe that. Don’t bother with pointless explanations. The baby’s gone, and we have nothing to do with each other anymore,” Minerva said coldly, finding Rowan’s belated affection utterly baffling. 
Some mistakes could only be made once. No one would give them another chance to make the same 
mistake. 
Rowan, feeling desperate, stepped forward and grabbed Minerva’s hand. “Why didn’t you discuss it with 
me?” 
His heartched terribly seeing her treat him like a stranger. He felt dizzy, as if the world was spinning 
around h…. 
“There was no need to.” Minerva’s tone was cold as she tried to yank her hand free. But Rowan’s grip was too tight, and she couldn’t shake him off. 
Minerva frowned and added, “Let go! Don’t let Jenny see this and make a scene.” 
“I’ve broken up with Jenny. You don’t need to worry about her. Minerva, there’s so much left unsaid between us. You shouldn’t have hidden the pregnancy from me,” Rowan said, his voice steady as he 
looked at her. 
Minerva just let out a cold laugh and rolled her eyes. “Rowan, you’re the one who broke up with me. After we ended things, my life had nothing to do with you. Even if I had kept the baby, I wouldn’t
have told you. It has nothing to do with you.” 
She tried to free herself from his grasp again. 
Minerva had fallen into this trap once and refused to let herself fall in again. To her, Rowan’s late apology was utterly meaningless. 
Rowan’s entire body stiffened. Seeing Minerva struggling to pull away only made him grip her hand tighter. 
He didn’t know why, but he was terrified. He feared that if he let her go this time, he would never see her 
again. 
“Minerva, let’s go somewhere and calmly talk this through, okay?” For the first time, Rowan lowered his tone in front of Minerva. 
She found this strange, and after pausing for a moment, she flatly refused. “There’s no need for that. We have said everything that needed to be said when we broke up.” 
Rowan’s face tensed as he took a deep breath and said, “I’ve really broken up with Jenny. Tomorrow, I’ll go home. Jenny and I can never get back together. Minerva, we can start over.” 
Minerva’s expression darkened at his words. So, she raised her free hand and slapped Rowan across the face. 
“Rowan, what do you take me for? Do you think I can’t have any other man but you? You broke up with me and then came back expecting to reconcile! Am I just some cheap fallback to you? Do you think I’m that dumb?” 
Rowan’s head snapped to the side from the slap, his face pale. But he didn’t get angry. He knew he deserved it. He had wronged Minerva. 
Looking around the empty street, illuminated only by streetlights, Minerva looked stunning, making it impossible for Rowan to look away. 
But he also clearly saw that she now loathed him. 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
###chapter1087
 1094
“Minerva, breaking up with you was my mistake. If hitting me makes you feel better, go ahead,” Rowan said, looking at Minerva seriously. 
She had never seen him apologize sincerely to anyone before. To most people, Rowan was carefree, never taking others seriously. 
So, Minerva was a little stunned. She looked at him in surprise. This Rowan seemed very different from the one she knew–there was almost a sense that he actually cared about her. 
Yes, almost. 
“Do you think I’m easy to fool? Are you trying to go home, but your family demands something like reconciling with me before they let you return? As for you and Jenny, you’re still entangled with each other, so you’re using me as a stepping stone?, 
“Rowan, do you really think I’m so easy to deceive? Or, in your eyes, Jenny’s the only one worth treating well while the rest of us are just pawns for you to sacrifice? If that’s your plan, let me tell you look for someone else. I won’t be playing your games!” 
After saying that, there was no trace of wavering in Minerva’s eyes as she looked at Rowan. 
When she saw him being stunned by her words, she yanked her hand free and took a few steps back. Then, she took some tissues out of her bag and wiped the spot where Rowan had held her, scrubbing hard, her disgust evident. 
Rowan’s eyes widened in shock. “No, it’s not like that…” he began, but Minerva had already taken a few more steps back before he could finish. 
Then, she raised her hand, signaling him to stay away. 
“There’s no need for us to meet again. I don’t care whether you’ve broken up with Jenny or not. Let’s pretend we don’t know each other from now on,” Minerva said firmly, showing no emotion toward Rowan. 
Rowan felt as if his whole body was frozen in place, unable to take a single step. He could only watch helplessly as Minerva walked away, the disdain and coldness in her gaze still lingering in his mind. 
At some point, Jenny suddenly appeared behind him. “I’m quite happy seeing you being rejected and dismisse by Minerva. Rowan, we’re both in the same boat now, aren’t we?” she said. 
Rowan heard Jenny’s voice but didn’t turn around to look at her or say a word. 
Jenny wasn’t upset by this, as if she had expected this reaction. Seeing Rowan get rejected by Minerva made her feel a sense of balance, and she couldn’t help but laugh. 
“Minerva will never forgive you. She’s way too proud. But who knows? Maybe if you keep pestering her, meeting her often, she might eventually forgive you. Don’t worry, I won’t be coming to find you anymore. Today is the last time we’ll ever see each other.” 
As she was about to leave, she glanced back at Rowan with a complex gaze. Then, she looked up at the tall buildings surrounding them. 
“Rowan, if I told you that I actually wanted to spend my life with you, would you believe me?” 
She waited several minutes after asking that question, but Rowan gave no response. Eventually, he Mooked at her, and their eyes met. 
Jenny clenched her fists tightly. “Alright, I’ve got my answer. The fact that you haven’t slept with me all this time says everything about where I stand with you. 
After walking a few more steps, she stopped again, turning back to look directly at Rowan. 
“Before I go, I’ll do one good thing. I’ll explain everything to Minerva and tell her you never touched me. Whether she forgives you after that will be up to you. Rowan, you’re actually a good person.” 
As she spoke, Jenny felt more and more reluctant to leave. 
If she had known things would come to this, she should have stayed with him from the beginning. 
###chapter1088
 1095
Perhaps things would now look very different. 
“Leaving Jipsburg will be good for you,” Rowan finally told Jenny. 
She paused, wanted to turn around, but resisted. 
She feared that if she looked back now, she might lose her composure again, giving rise to hopes she 
shouldn’t have. 
After calming down herself, Jenny understood that Rowan would never be with her. Now, she felt a sense of relief. 
Leaving Jipsburg and getting away from Edwin would be the best option. 
As she sat in the cab, she glanced back through the rearview mirror. Rowan was still standing where she left him, lost in thought. He was definitely not thinking about her. 
From today onward, their relationship was truly over. 
Skylar and Joe arrived at the underground parking lot one after the other. After parking their cars side by side, they went home together. 
As soon as they stepped inside, Skylar received a call from Minerva. 
“Do you have time tonight? Let’s have a drink,” Minerva said, her voice desolate. Even over the phone, Skylar could sense her emotions. 
Skylar glanced at Joe. “Sure. Where are you? I’ll come to you.” 
“I’m at home. I ordered some wine and had the hotel send some food over. It seems like everyone’s in a bad mood lately, so let’s drink and drown our sorrows,” Minerva replied. 
In her eyes, Joe and Rowan were not much different, 
Now that Joe was engaged to someone else and Skylar had been abandoned, even the most easy– going person would feel down in such a situation. 
And wher eeling down, having a drink wouldn’t hurt. 
After hanging up, Skylar looked up and found Joe staring at her with a hint of grievance. 
“Minerva’s in a bad mood, so I’m going to keep her company,” she explained quickly. 
Joe’s eyes darkened. “I’m in a bad mood too.” 
Lately, he noticed more and more people trying to get close to Skylar. Besides her brothers, there was Natalie and now Minerva. There was also Aiken who was eyeing her secretly. It felt like no matter what, he couldn’t keep up with all the competition. 
Seeing Joe acting like a child throwing a tantrum, Skylar couldn’t help but laugh. “I’ll be back tomorrow, and I’ll cook dinner for you. Just tell me what you want. Tonight, make sure you get some rest.” 
With that, she walked out the door without hesitation. 
Watching her leave so casually, Joe’s mouth twitched in frustration, and his dissatisfaction only grew. 
Skylar was very familiar with the route and arrived at Minerva’s house quickly. 
She had already opened several bottles of wine, all of which had been in her collection for a long time. She had already opened several bottles of wine 
Seeing Skylar’s calm expression, Minerva admired her even more. “I should learn from you. How can you let go of someone so quickly and not let them affect you at all?” 
“I can’t completely let go of someone I loved deeply in an instant either,” Skylar said, understanding what Minerva admired about her. 
It was likely the same thing as what Rowan thought–that she and Joe were divorced, yet they remained calm toward each other. Not many people could manage that after a breakup. 
However, in reality, Skylar and Joe had never divorced. 
Minerva assumed Skylar was being humble. “Neither Rowan nor Joe are good men! No, there aren’t many good men in this world. Trusting a man is less reliable than trusting yourself.” 
“Rowan already broke up with Jenny,” Skylar said suddenly. 
###chapter1089
 1096
Minerva nodded and took a swig of her wine. 
“Rowan told me that, and even Jenny confessed to me too,” she said. 
To be fair, Rowan had some skill to persuade Jenny to admit that he knew what had happened. But that was also why Minerva felt that it was all lies no matter what Rowan said now. 
“You’ve only heard my story. About you and Mr. Martin… Should I introduce some men to you?” Minerva quickly shook off her negative emotions and asked Skylar. 
She had a few cousins who were quite good. Plus, her grandmother knew both George and Alexander. So, when they heard she knew Skylar, they became very interested and wanted to meet her. 
So, if Joe didn’t want Skylar, that was his loss, definitely not Skylar’s. 
Skylar had just taken a sip of her drink. But she almost spat it out when she heard Minerva’s words. Then she quickly responded, “No, I’m fine as I am now.” 
“It’s okay. Sometimes, men can’t be relied on. In the long run, the only person you can truly depend on is yourself. 
“Take me, for example–many people want to become my partner, but what they really care about is my family and the benefits I could bring them if we got married. 
“So all that talk about true feelings is just nonsense,” Minerva said, letting her buried thoughts out under the influence of alcohol. 
She couldn’t tell anyone else those things, but she felt no burden sharing them with Skylar. 
She couldn’t help but think it would’ve been nice if she had met Skylar years ago. 
“Sometimes it’s good to be a little selfish. If you give too much, you’ll just end up raising a bunch of opportunists,” Skylar said, thinking of the Williams family. 
It had been a long time since she last thought about them. The Williams family and Christopher, the people who had hurt her, had long since vanished from her mind. They had torn each other apart and brought about their own downfall. 
The Williams family had actually shown her the darkest side of human nature. 
“You sound like you’ve been through a lot,” Minerva suddenly stared at Skylar. 
Although her words seemed simple and ordinary, Minerva sensed that they came from someone who had lived through hardships and learned from them. 
But Skylar just responded calmly, “Who hasn’t come across a few scumbags?” 
“Haha… Yeah, everyone does!” Minerva suddenly felt enlightened. 
Whether it was Rowan or Jenny, she could lump them all together as people she couldn’t stand. 
An hour later, the two were tipsy but kept drinking. They were interrupted by the sound of the doorbell. 
 ? ? ? ? 
Despite not drinking much, Skylar felt a bit wobbly when she stood up. Her alcohol tolerance had always been low. So, she staggered to the door and saw Joe standing outside through the peephole. The sight sobered her up quickly. 
Minerva asked tipsily, “Who is it? Whoever it is, send them away. I don’t want to see anyone.“. 
“They’re not here for you. He came to pick me up. Let’s catch up another day. It’s late anyway. 
I’m going 
home to rest,” Skylar said. 
Minerva didn’t think much of it and waved her hand. “Alright, let’s meet another time.” 
Skylar saw Minerva walking steadily to the bathroom and felt reassured. So, she opened the door and walked out, falling immediately into Joe’s arms. 
“Drunk?” Joe caught her as she collapsed into his embrace, finding it quite pleasant to have her snuggle up to him. However, the next second, the smell of alcohol hit him. 
“I had a few sips,” Skylar said, hugging Joe’s waist and leaning her weight against him. 
She felt too wobbly to walk and was also feeling so sleepy that she could hardly keep her eyes open. 
Seeing how drunk she was, Joe guessed that her supposed few sips were probably a few glasses. 
“Let’s go home.” 
They got in the car soon. 
###chapter1090
 1097
The driver drove the car, so Joe and Skylar sat in the back. 
As soon as Skylar got in, she fell asleep and didn’t wake up, even after they had reached home. She remained asleep throughout the night, only waking up the following day. 
She felt a little disoriented when she opened her eyes and looked around the room. 
Wasn’t she at Minerva’s place? 
While she was still confused, à few fragments of memory flashed through her mind. She remembered that Joe had picked her up from Minerva’s place the night before. 
Thankfully, she didn’t have a headache. 
Joe wasn’t beside her. 
She glanced at the time and saw that it was already seven in the morning. So, she got out of bed and walked out of the bedroom. 
The aroma of chicken soup filled the air, drawing her straight to the kitchen. Sure enough, she saw Joe busy frying some eggs. 
She assumed someone from the family residence had brought over the soup, but to her surprise, Joe had cooked it. 
“You know how to make chicken soup now?” 
Upon hearing her, Joe glanced over at Skylar. “You’re awake?” 
Seeing the surprise on her face, he smiled and continued, “I asked Edgar. It’s not that hard.” 
Joe had once been someone who couldn’t even cook oatmeal. Now, he could even cook chicken soup. That was impressive. 
When he opened the pot, the rich aroma of the soup wafted out. After drinking the night before, it was best to have something easy to digest in the morning. 
“It smells so good. I’m hungry,” Skylar said as she reached for a bowl to serve herself some soup. 
Seeing this, Joe said, “You sit and wait, I’ll get it.” 
Skylar didn’t refuse and sat down with a smile while nodding. “Okay.” 
She couldn’t help but look at Joe in the kitchen. It was rare to see this side of him–he looked incredibly handsome working in the kitchen. 
Joe brought out two bowls of soup and noticed Skylar had been watching him until now. His lips curled into a smile as he teased, “Have you realized you’ve fallen in love with me?” 
-Skylar’s heart skipped a beat before pounding fast. 
“Don’t flatter yourself. I’m just thinking you’ve been taking good care of me lately. So, marrying you might have been the right decision after all,” she quickly said, lowering her head to drink her soup. 
Joe’s intense gaze was tempting and captivating. 
A woman a few years younger probably wouldn’t be able to resist a man like him and would easily fall for 
him. 
Joe raised his cold, sharp eyebrows and looked down at her with a mischievous smile. “Taking care of 
people isn’t all I’m good at. You, of all people, should know what else I’m capable of.” 
Skylar’s heart skipped another beat. 
“Joe Martin!” 
“That’s exactly how you called me the other night. I liked it.” 
Skylar was rendered speechless. She wished for Joe to stop talking. 
Joe was such a jerk. 
Two hours later, Skylar dragged her exhausted legs into the bathroom. If Paul hadn’t called about an important meeting, she doubted she could even get out of bed that morning. 
Joe was a gentleman on the outside but a villain on the inside. 
Skylar soaked in the bathtub for half an hour before the soreness in her waist and legs finally eased a little. 
###chapter1091
After emerging from the bathroom, Skylar’s face flushed as she checked the mirror. Joe’s marks were scattered across her skin—intimate souvenirs that, fortunately, were mostly hidden by her clothes. Frustrated yet breathless, she pulled out her phone and sent him a single, biting message: “Beast.”
Almost the moment she hit send, her phone vibrated. It wasn't Joe. It was Aiken Parkinson.
“Mr. Parkinson?” Skylar answered immediately.
“I’ve found Madam Viola,” Aiken said, his voice unusually heavy. “But you need to come and see her for yourself.”
Skylar’s heart leaped. “What? You found her? That’s incredible! Where is she? I’ll head over right now. Wait—I should call Grandma Gloria and Mr. Gardner Senior. They’ve been worried sick; they’ll want to see her too.”
Her voice was thick with excitement. She had a thousand questions for Viola, months of longing bottled up, and so much news to share. She couldn't wait to finally see that familiar, comforting face.
“No,” Aiken interrupted, his tone as steady as a surgeon’s, yet carrying a weight that gave Skylar pause. “You should come by yourself first. I’ll be waiting for you at Oakdale Hospital.”
The suggestion sounded practical, but a seed of unease began to take root in Skylar’s chest. She dressed in a blur, her hands trembling slightly as she grabbed her keys.
During the hour-long drive to Oakdale, Skylar’s mind raced through a gallery of fears. Was Viola ill? Had she checked herself into the hospital in secret to avoid being a burden? Why had she remained in the shadows all this time? The more Skylar analyzed the clinical distance in Aiken’s voice, the more complicated the reality seemed to become.
Oakdale Hospital was a sprawling complex, crowded and chaotic. Yet, as soon as Skylar stepped into the lobby, she spotted Aiken’s tall, unmistakable silhouette standing apart from the throng. She rushed toward him, her breath coming in short, jagged gasps.
“Mr. Parkinson! Where is she? Where is Grandma Viola?” she asked the moment she reached him.
Aiken looked down at her, seeing the frantic hope in her eyes, and felt a sharp twinge of sympathy. He didn't speak immediately.
“Aiken? Why aren't you saying anything?”
Aiken took a deep breath. “Skylar, you need to promise me something. No matter what you are about to see, you must stay calm.”
Skylar’s heart constricted. A wave of foreboding washed over her, cold and absolute, but she fought to push it back. She’s just sick, Skylar told herself. It’s a hospital. There are doctors. No matter what it is, they can treat her.
“Okay, I promise,” Skylar said, her voice firm despite the tremor in her hands. “Don’t worry, I can handle it. Just take me to her.”
“Follow me,” Aiken nodded. The concern in his eyes didn't fade; if anything, it deepened. He knew how much Viola meant to Skylar, and he knew that what lay ahead was a threshold no one is ever truly prepared to cross.
They entered the elevator. Skylar watched as Aiken’s finger bypassed the clinical floors above and pressed the button for the basement.
The descent was short, yet it felt like they were dropping into another world. As the doors slid open, a sharp, sterile chill swept over Skylar. She instinctively pulled her coat tighter, but the cold seemed to come from within.
Her throat began to tighten, the muscles constricting until breathing became a conscious effort. That ominous feeling grew with every step they took down the silent, tiled corridor. She wanted to ask Aiken another question—to demand he tell her the truth right then—but her voice was gone. Her heartbeat slowed, thudding heavily in her ears like a funeral drum.
They reached the end of the hall. The sign above the heavy double doors was stark and final: Morgue.
. 
###chapter1092
 1099
Skylar suddenly grabbed Aiken’s arm tightly. 
Aiken turned to look at her and asked, “Can you still hold on?” 
These simple words answered the question that had been pressing at the bottom of Skylar’s heart since she stepped out of the elevator. 
It was an answer she didn’t want to guess or admit. 
Her eyes reddened as she looked at Aiken, unable to say a single word. She didn’t know how to ask. 
The morgue was freezing. It was so cold that it made her shiver uncontrollably. 
Aiken looked at her with sympathy. “Maybe you shouldn’t see this. I can explain what I know outside.” 
He had seen Skylar laugh, being serious and confident when she was being professional, but he had never seen her like this–so pale and afraid. He felt a sudden urge to protect her, thinking she shouldn’t have to face this. It was too cruel for her. 
“I need to see her. Maybe it’s not Grandma Viola,” Skylar said firmly. 
Although her eyes were red, there was no trace of hesitation in them. 
Aiken looked at her deeply before nodding. “Alright, let’s go.” 
A few minutes later, Skylar saw Viola. 
She was lifeless. But her face looked peaceful as if she were merely asleep. 
Skylar looked for a long time, confirming what she was seeing. She looked closely at the mole near the corner of the eye, another one near the ear, and the wrinkles around the eyes. 
Viola had wrinkles, but her skin had always been smooth and fair. 
Skylar closed her eyes tightly, her chest aching unbearably. 
“It’s… Grandma Viola,” she finally managed to say. 
Aiken nodded and supported her. “Are you okay? Let’s talk outside.” 
Skylar’s eyes were bloodshot, but she held back her tears. She looked at Aiken and nodded. “Okay.” 
The two of them walked out of the morgue and made their way to the hospital’s first floor. 
They went out of the hospital, where sunlight fell on them, dispelling some of the chilliness. 
Skylar remained silent for a long time, and Aiken waited patiently. 
“How did you find her? And how did this happen? She had always been healthy. I remembered that she would only get a fever or a cold occasionally and recover quickly,” Skylar asked Aiken, her mind filled with questions she couldn’t understand. 
She couldn’t comprehend why Viola would be gone just like that. She couldn’t accept it. 
“According to the investigation, Madam Viola lived abroad for a while. She just returned recently and was found a few days ago on a park bench. She passed away in her sleep with no signs of poisoning or illness. It was peaceful. 
“As for why she didn’t contact you after returning, I still don’t know,” Aiken explained slowly. 
Skylar was stunned. “Grandma Viola went abroad?” 
“Yes, she lived abroad–for some time. I was able to find out when she left and returned, but I couldn’t find out where exactly she stayed or why she went there,” Alken said honestly. 
Skylar was bewildered. 
Viola had never mentioned going abroad. She had once said she had no family left in the world, and despite hearing about how beautiful foreign places were, she had never expressed any desire to emigrate. 
She had even said that unless there were something urgent, she would never leave the country. No matter how lovely the scenery abroad, it couldn’t compare to the mountains and rivers here in the country. 
So why had she gone abroad? 
As Skylar found herself feeling confused, Joe’s call came in. 
The moment she answered, the tears she had been holding back finally poured down. 
###chapter1093
 1100
Joe caught the soft sobbing coming from the phone. 
The moment the call connected, Skylar didn’t say a word. He could only hear her faint and restrained 
sobs. 
Joe immediately set down the pen he was holding and asked, “Where are you?” 
After two minutes, Skylar managed to calm herself down and replied, “I’m at Oakdale Hospital.” 
Oakdale Hospital? 
Joe’s tone was firm when he said, “Wait for me.” Then, he hung up. 
Skylar looked down at her phone, her eyes still red. 
“I’ll keep looking into Madam Viola’s case. We’ve also found the hotel where she stayed after arriving in Jipsburg,” Aiken said. 
When he saw Skylar burst into tears after answering the call, he had a good guess about who had called her. It must have been Joe. 
Just as he suspected, Joe and Skylar hadn’t divorced. Joe’s engagement to someone else had been part of a plan, likely to achieve a certain goal. 
He sighed deeply, feeling a sense of regret. 
Skylar had calmed down completely now. 
Upon hearing that Viola had stayed in a hotel, she immediately asked Aiken, “Is the room she was staying in still being held by the hotel?” 
“Yes, she paid for a month. Here’s the room key. I’ve written the room number on it. You can go there and check later. Some of her personal belongings are still in the room,” Aiken explained. 
Skylar took the key and thanked him. Aiken gave her a deep look and said, “I’m sorry for your loss. We also need to start making preparations for Madam Viola’s funeral.” 
“Don’t worry, I’m fine now. Grandma Viola had no other relatives. As her disciple and granddaughter, I’ll take care of her funeral,” Skylar said solemnly. 
“Alright, then. I have other matters to attend to, so I’ll take my leave now. And I’ll continue investigating Madam Viola’s matters,” Aiken said while glancing at the time. 
It had been over ten minutes since Joe’s call. So, he would probably arrive soon since the roads were not jammed anymore. 
Aiken thought it best to avoid crossing paths with him for now. 
“Thank you. If it weren’t for you, I wouldn’t have been able to see Grandma Viola,” Skylar said. 
Aiken just smiled and said nothing. 
If he could, he wished Skylar wouldn’t be so formal with him. But for now, that barrier of formality between them as friends wouldn’t be broken easily, not while she was still Mrs. Martin. 
Shortly after Aiken left, Joe arrived. 
Seeing Skylar’s swollen eyes, he walked over without asking any questions and hugged her. 
This made Skylar couldn’t hold back and cry again. 
She cried for a long time. When she finally calmed down again, she realized her tears had soaked his suit. 
“Joe, I found Grandma Viola,” she said, her eyes red as she looked up at him. 
Joe was a little surprised. He had guessed a few possibilities on the way, thinking that Skylar’s close friend or family member might be hospitalized, causing her to worry. He didn’t expect it to be Viola. 
“Is she sick? Don’t worry. There are plenty of 
her.” 
Op specialists in Jipsburg. They’ll definitely be able to help 
Listening to Joe’s gentle reassurances, Skylar cried even harder. 
If only that were the case. If only Viola were just sick. No matter what the illness was, she would have taken her to find the best treatment. But… 
###chapter1094
 1101
Skylar said, “Grandma Viola has left us for good, Joe. I’ll never see her again.” 
Skylar felt a deep ache in her heart. According to Aiken, Viola had passed away peacefully. 
Joe’s body stiffened at the news. Sensing his reaction, Skylar recounted everything she had heard from Aiken about Viola’s final moments. 
Joe’s voice was heavy as he asked, “Are you sure it was Grandma Viola?” 
“I’m certain. It was Grandma Viola.” Skylar nodded. 
The image of Viola in the morgue was still vivid in Skylar’s mind. After a brief silence, Joe pulled her into his embrace. “Let’s go to the hotel first. We can think about how to handle 
Grandma Viola’s funeral later.” 
The situation surrounding the negative items was becoming increasingly complicated. 
Viola’s passing had taken them both by surprise. However, Skylar’s well–being was the priority. Viola’s death was a significant blow to her. 
Soon, they arrived at the hotel. It was a four–star establishment. Joe wore sunglasses as they entered, both stepping inside together. 
The hotel room was tidy, with a few books and a pair of reading glasses neatly placed on the/ 
table. 
A small bag was in the corner where the suitcase was kept. Viola had very few personal belongings, and her bag was quite compact. Inside, there were just a few articles of clothing! 
The bathroom contained only the essentials, including basic toiletries and a single jar of face 
cream on the counter. 
This was how viola had always been during her time in the countryside. Skylar flipped through 
a few of the books. 
These looked like they had just been purchased by Viola. They were brand new and consisted of various literary works completely unrelated to antiques. 
The hotel room was small enough that she could see the entire layout at a glance. With so few - belongings, organizing them was quick work. 
Just as she was about to tuck the books into the bags, a piece of paper slipped out from one of 
them. 
Skylar didn’t notice at first, but Joe did. “What’s this?” he asked, picking it up. 
It was a sheet of letterhead. As he unfolded it, Skylar put down the book she was holding and joined him to look. 
“It’s a letter from Grandma Viola to me,” Skylar said softly. The words “Skye” immediately 
caught her eye. 
She began to read aloud, her voice trembling. 
“Skye, by the time you read this letter, I should have already passed away. Don’t be sad. A lot has happened recently, and there are things I can’t explain or guide you through. Since learning about your marriage to Joe, I’ve had a premonition that you two would face some challenges. 
“You need to prepare yourself for a rebirth from the ashes. As for other matters, I cannot reveal more, or it might bring harm back to you. 
“The recent negative items appearing in Jipsburg are connected to my brother. His obsession runs deep, and I won’t have the chance to meet him again in this limited time of my life. 
“However, this is a trial that many people in Jipsburg must face. I’ve helped many people throughout my life, yet I still couldn’t escape the fate of changing destiny. So, I remain alone. Fortunately, you’ve been by my side all these years. In my heart, you are my only dear one. 
“Skye, always follow your heart in everything you do. I know you are a good child. Perhaps one day, we will have the chance to meet again.” 
After finishing the letter, Skylar felt a sharp sting in her nose. Before she knew it, tears were streaming down her face. 
She clutched the letter tightly and said, her voice quivering, “So Grandma Viola knew everything. She didn’t say it, but I understand why she was silent all this time. 
“She did it for us. But in the end… Grandma Viola really suffered too much in her l
###chapter1095
 1102
Joe gently coaxed Skylar for a while. After they gathered Viola’s belongings, they headed to Pearlhall Residence. 
On the way, they called George and Alexander. They arranged to meet at Pearlhall Residence but didn’t reveal much over the phone. 
However, both George and Alexander felt a growing unease during the drive. They pondered various possibilities during the trip. 
Upon arriving at Pearlhall Residence, they were greeted by the sight of Gloria dabbing her eyes with a tissue. Her eyes were swollen and red from crying. 
Noticing the absence of Viola made the air heavy with an unspoken answer. 
They also spotted Skylar, who looked pale, her eyes red and puffy. The answer they had been contemplating surfaced in their minds. 
George and Alexander stood motionless at the door. 
At their age, losing friends one after another had become a familiar pain. Yet… 
Joe walked toward the entrance. He called out, “Mr. Querbach Senior, Mr. Gardner Senior.” 
Both men were momentarily slow to react, then nodded in acknowledgment before following 
him inside. 
Gloria looked up at her two friends, tears streaming down her face. “You’ve come.” 
Just as she spoke, the tears flowed again. She quickly grabbed a tissue to wipe her tears. 
“Viola…” George began, but his voice was hoarse, laden with emotion. 
Having lived a long life, he often found himself lacking the courage he wished he had, especially when he longed to see Viola one last time. 
“Viola… she’s gone ahead of us, waiting for us on the other side.” Gloria glanced at Skylar, 
who was more distraught than she was. She squeezed Skylar’s hand before answering George. 
“What?” George took a sudden step back. 
Alexander closed his eyes, his face pale. “You all should sit down. Let Joe explain Viola’s 
situation in detail.” Gloria had little energy left. 
She couldn’t find the strength to explain everything to her friends. The pain was overwhelming. 
She had assumed that her own health issues might lead her to depart this life before anyone else, yet it was Viola who had left them first. 
212 
With heavy steps, George and Alexander made their way to the seats. Skylar greeted them softly, “Mr. Gardner Senior, Mr. Querbach Senior” 
“Hey, Skye, don’t be too sad,” George said wearily as he tried to comfort her. 
Skylar nodded. “Okay.” 
Joe then shared the recent details about Viola and the letter she had left behind. When they heard Joe say that Viola had passed peacefully in her sleep without suffering, their expressions softened slightly. 
A heavy silence fell over the group. After a while, George spoke up, “Viola didn’t like noise or being disturbed. Let’s keep her funeral simple and quiet.” 
“Skye mentioned the same. When Viola lived in the countryside, she told Skye that if she ever died, her wishes were to keep things simple and to have her ashes scattered in the ocean,” Gloria added. 
At their age, they had come to accept many things in life. 
###chapter1096
 1103
Viola had been entangled with so many people and matters when she was alive. In death, she deserved to be free from the shackles of this world. 
Gloria wanted to return to sea after passing–to be reunited with Viola. 
“It seems that Viola knew about the series of events happening recently in Jipsburg and that they were caused by her brother. But, after knowing her for so many years, we’ve never heard her mention she had a brother,” Alexander remarked. 
After a wave of deep sorrow, Alexander suddenly remembered something crucial. 
Gloria nodded in agreement. “She never mentioned it to me either, and we never met this bother of hers.” 
“Grandma Viola never told me about him either. She had no contact with us recently, likely because she was searching for him. She mentioned in her letter that they never met in the end. Even in her final days, she was still thinking of helping us,” Skylar said. 
Her heart ached at the thought of Viola facing it all alone, knowing the outcome but powerless to change it. 
Viola’s life had been too cruel. If Skylar could have a second chance, she fervently wished that Viola could have one too. 
“She’s always been that way… carrying more than her share of burdens,” Gloria sighed, her voice heavy with sadness. 
Both George and Alexander echoed the sigh. 
Alexander stood up, his face solemn. “I’ll go to the morgue at the Oakdale Hospital to see her one last time.” 
With that, he turned to Gloria and George. “You two should stay here. Your health isn’t great, and that place is too cold. Leave her in peace. Just wait a couple of days to see her.” 
Both of them nodded in agreement. They didn’t dare to see Viola yet. 
That evening, Skylar and Joe stayed at Pearlhall Residence. They shared dinner with Gloria, who retired to bed shortly after. 
Later, after Gloria had fallen asleep, Skylar and Joe returned to their room. 
After showering, they lay down together, but Skylar couldn’t sleep. Her mind was flooded with memories of Viola as if replaying a movie. 
Viola had always been so patient, especially with how wild Skylar had been as a child. She leaned into Joe’s chest and whispered, “I miss her so much. There are so many things I wanted to share with her. 
212 
“I used to think life was long, that even if I couldn’t see her now, I’d see her one day. But now, I realize I’ll never see her again in this life.” 
Joe gently rubbed Skylar’s head. “Everyone has to face this day. Although Grandma Viola left with some regrets, she had you by her side during her 20 years in the countryside, giving her a sense of family. She left this world peacefully. Whenever you have something to say, go to the beach and talk to her.” 
“Yeah.” 
Without realizing it, Skylar shared more memories about Viola with Joe. The stories were scattered, but she felt an urge to express them. 
She wanted to relive her memories of Viola. Though Viola was no longer in this world, she would always remain in her heart. 
Joe listened intently, gently soothing Skylar to sleep without realizing it. 
Once she was asleep, he got out of bed and stepped outside the bedroom to make a call. 
“Is there any news regarding Molly these past few days?” 
“Molly hasn’t dared to go out recently. Vera has been trying to see her, but Molly keeps avoiding her. The mastermind behind Molly has been making moves. They came to Jipsburg a few days ago. I’ll find them soon. Don’t worry, Mr. Martin. The people I’ve hired won’t miss a single clue.” Paul assured him. 
“Look into it as soon as possible,” Joe instructed. 
“Understood.” 
After hanging up, Joe switched his phone to silent mode and was about to return to his room when his phone lit up. 
It was Jeremy. 
“Come outside for a moment,” he texted succinctly. 
Joe glanced at the time and peeked back into the room to see Skylar sleeping peacefully. He replied, “Where are you?” 
###chapter1097
 1104
Joe arrived at the club shortly. A few friends were already there, including Rowan. 
However, Jeremy usually didn’t bring anyone with him, but today, he had brought someone along– an actress named Helena. 
Helena was quite timid, sitting next to Jeremy without saying much, and there was no hint of intimacy between them. 
Most of the others had female companions around them. With Joe’s arrival, the atmosphere shifted. Apart from Jeremy and Rowan, everyone else became stiff. 
The lively chatter from moments before suddenly faded into silence. Rowan had consumed quite a bit of alcohol and hadn’t brought anyone to keep him company. 
In the past, Rowan always had someone by his side on occasions like this, except when he was with Jenny. 
Rowan and Jenny hadn’t been together long, but his departure from the Jakeman family for Jenny caused quite a stir in Jipsburg City. Everyone was talking about it, and they all regarded Jenny as someone quite capable. 
But 
pectedly, they had split up not long after. 
Some friends had even called a female celebrity to Rowan, but he seemed heartbroken over Jenny and turned down the offer without a second thought. He knew how others perceived him lately, yet he didn’t mind. 
Upon seeing Joe, he said, “Come sit with me. 
11 
Joe walked over. 
Seeing Joe arrive, Jeremy asked, “So, are you really with Lizzie?” 
He had once cared deeply for Skylar, but now he seemed able to move on so easily with someone new. This sense of ease was something he admired and wanted to learn from. 
He also wondered how Joe had managed to let go of Skylar so effortlessly. 
Those in the club understood that some topics were best left unspoken. However, the news media had been reporting extensively on Joe and Lizzie. She had become a hot topic, receiving invitations from various variety shows. 
These opportunities made other actresses in the entertainment industry jealous. None were as fortunate as Lizzie, who had garnered attention and was engaged to Joe. Most of them were merely playthings for powerful men. 
“Yeah,” Joe replied tersely. 
“That’s good to hear.” Jeremy chuckled lightly. 
There was a hint of self–deprecation in his laughter. It seemed he was the only one who couldn’t let go. Besides him, Helena sensed Jeremy’s mood shift and recognized that this influential figure in their circle still had feelings for his ex–wife. 
Now that he had seen Joe move on from Skylar, she wondered if he could ever be able to forget 
Natalie. 
As they continued to drink, the conversation remained light, with no significant topics being 
discussed. 
Then, someone suddenly mentioned Vera. “I saw Vera a couple of days ago. She’s changed a lot. We all thought she would be the one getting engaged to you.” 
After a few drinks, people were more willing to say what they really thought, even if they wouldn’t have dared to when sober. 
“Yeah, Mr. Martin, Vera even posted on Instagram about a trip to Fachington with you. She seemed to imply that something was brewing between you two. But Lizzie looks more suited for you.” 
In truth, the mention of Vera was mostly meant as a joke. Privately, they all had their opinions 
about Vera. 
Previously, they thought Vera had an air of aloofness about her. Yet, because of the Ruell family’s status and Joe’s connections, they had kept their thoughts to themselves. 
In reality, the person Joe truly cared about wasn’t Vera at all. Reflecting on this, it became clear that many things had merely stemmed from their own speculations. 
Joe shot a cold glance at the two who were talking. That look instantly made them pale and fall silent. 
###chapter1098
 1105
Helena glanced at Joe. While everyone was saying that Joe had gone to Fachington with Vera, she knew the truth was that he had been with Skylar. 
She had never imagined that, in the end, Joe and Skylar would part ways. 
She had a good impression of Skylar. It was clear that people like Joe wouldn’t settle for someone ordinary. 
Coming from a modest background and trying to survive in the entertainment industry, she could never catch Jeremy’s eye. 
But she realized that she had developed feelings for Jeremy over time. 
Just then, Rowan scoffed. “What’s so great about Vera? She was just being delusional. Don’t bring her up around us. It’s a buzzkill.” 
He felt the same way about mentioning Lizzie. Rowan believed that Joe was quite heartless, capable of abandoning Skylar without a moment’s hesitation. 
Suddenly, he thought of Minerva. He had dropped her for Jenny, and now Minerva hated him 
and kept him at arm’s length. 
It was only natural. He had been too heartless before. He turned to Joe and asked, “Is Lizzie really that amazing?” 
He had specifically asked those who knew Lizzie. She was attractive, with no scandals, and she played the violin, yet played the violin, yet something still felt off. 
Joe seemed to read his mind. “Do you want to meet her?” he asked. 
“Forget I asked,” Rowan replied, a slight grimace on his face. He thought there was nothing particularly remarkable about her, just a violinist. 
To him, Lizzie would never compare to Skylar. He wondered why Joe was so protective of 
someone like her. 
Luckily, Skylar wasn’t around to witness this scene. It would surely hurt her deeply. Suddenly, he recalled how he had encountered Minerva several times while he was with Jenny. 
He wondered if Minerva felt the same way then. 
The more he thought about it, the more unsettled he became. “I’m leaving. You all keep drinking,” he said, standing up and stumbling away. 
Joe cast a glance at Rowan as he walked away. A heartbreak had helped Rowan grow. However, even though he had matured, some matters between him and Skylar were still not suitable for him to know. It was best to let him continue in his misunderstandings for now. 
Once Rowan left, the others also took their partners and departed. Soon, only Jeremy remained. 
Everyone could tell that Jeremy wanted to speak with Joe. Helena, being perceptive, stood up and said, “I’ll head to the restroom.” 
After Helena left, Jeremy downed a shot of whiskey and said to Joe, “I’ve been trying to blacklist Austin lately, but something feels off about him. Do you know anything about him?” 
His attempts to blacklist Austin seemed to have little effect. It was clear that Austin had powerful backing. 
Jeremy had attempted to dig deeper but couldn’t uncover anything. This indicated that the people who were backing Austin had considerable influence. 
Recently, someone had advised him that blacklisting Austin might be impossible. While he could withdraw investments, someone else would simply take over the projects and funding, leading to only a temporary impact on Austin. 
In Jipsburg City, eliminating someone from the entertainment industry was easy for Jeremy. But with Austin, Jeremy faced unexpected challenges. 
‘Austin?” Joe asked. 
“Yeah,” Jeremy replied. 
“Just leave him alone. You won’t be able to blacklist him. His background isn’t simple. Look into the surname Powell. That should give you clarity,” Joe replied, checking the time and 
standing up. 
“I’ll head out now.” 
After Joe left, Jeremy frowned and thought, “Investigate the Powell surname?” 
He had only thought to look into Austin but had never considered the significance of the surname itself. 
Jeremy pressed his fingers to his temples as he thought about Natalie drifting away from him and getting closer to Austin, along with Austin’s evident interest in Natalie. The realization caused a sharp pain to shoot through his head. 
“Mr. Hughes, can I give you a ride home?” 
Helena returned and noticed Jeremy rubbing his temples, so she approached softly. 
###chapter1099
 1106
40 minutes later, Helena helped the half–drunken Jeremy into Hughes Residence. 
The place was empty, and there was no maid around. She initially planned to leave him at the door, but noticing the absence of help, she asked Jeremy which floor his bedroom was on. 
However, Jeremy was too drunk to answer her. She had no choice but to guide him upstairs. After pushing open a door and finding a bedroom inside, she decided to put him on the bed, regardless of whether it was a guest room. 
Just as she was about to leave, Jeremy’s heavy body pinned her down. “Mr. Hughes? Mr. Hughes?” 
She tried pushing him away, but he wouldn’t budge. She was silenced by a kiss just as she was about to say something. 
The room was still dark, and the lights weren’t turned on. In the dim glow, she could make out Jeremy’s deep–set eyes gazing at her intently. His look was so full of emotion and compelling that she felt trapped in it. 
Helena’s heart raced as she forgot to speak or push him away. The next moment, Jeremy spoke softly, “You’re finally back…” 
The rest of his words were lost in a passionate kiss. 
The next morning, Helena woke up, blinded by sunlight. For a moment, she was disoriented But as she focused her eyes, she saw Jeremy standing by the window. 
Suddenly, the events of the previous night flooded back to her. 
“Mr. Hughes-” 
Last night, they had crossed a line. 
Jeremy didn’t turn around when he heard Helena call out. He held a cigarette in his hand, took a puff, and released several smoke rings into the air. 
Just from his silhouette, it was clear that Jeremy exuded an air of loneliness. There was none of the warmth or tenderness one might expect after the night they had shared. 
Helena sensed this change, her face paling as she recalled the scenes from the previous night. In those moments, it seemed he had said to her, “You’re finally back.” 
At that moment, she hadn’t thought much of it. But now, it was clear that his words were meant for Natalie. 
So, when he woke up and found that the woman from last night had changed from Natalie to 
her, he must have felt disappointed. 
In that instant, Helena’s face burned as if she had just been punched. 
“Name your price. Let’s just pretend last night didn’t happen,” Jeremy finally spoke, but his words caused Helena’s expression to shift dramatically. 
She forced a self–deprecating smile and replied, “How about 10 million?” 
“Deal.” 
Ten minutes later, Helena got dressed and prepared to leave. Jeremy remained with his back to her, standing at the window. “There’s no need to see each other again,” he said. 
Helena felt her body stiffen. She bit her lip and replied, “Okay.” 
Three days later, after settling Viola’s funeral, Skylar spent a few more days with Gloria at Pearlhall Residence. 
There had been no updates during this time regarding Viola’s brother, Kevin Zindel. This man seemed to exist only in traces, yet he was nowhere to be found. 
He was in Jipsburg City, but they couldn’t locate him. 
Skylar and Joe were well aware that he would likely make a move soon. 
Harvey had been busy preparing for his college entrance exams in the past few days, and Skylar had promised to take him on a trip for a few days once they were over. 
###chapter1100
 1107
Today marked the end of Harvey’s college entrance exams, and Skylar had just returned home. Both Steven and Charles were back as well. 
On the other hand, Joe had been swamped with work in the past few days and couldn’t come 
over. 
“Skylar, you promised me a vacation, right? Anywhere I choose?” Harvey asked. 
He held his phone, scrolling through cities and looking at travel guides. 
Skylar nodded. “Of course. Anywhere you want to go.” 
“I’ll cover all your expenses for this trip. You can spend as much as you want,” Charles said, showing off his wealth. He had recently signed a few endorsements and earned a considerable amount from his acting gigs, so he was feeling quite wealthy. 
Steven chimed in with a smile, “I’ll contribute too.” 
Skylar added thoughtfully, “We should bring Mom along.” 
Over the years, Janine had worked hard to raise them. Lately, she had been busy with her career and hadn’t had the chance to go on a vacation. 
With Harvey finishing his college entrance exams and preparing for college, Janine could finally relax. This trip would be a perfect opportunity for her to unwind. 
“You two can go have fun. I’m getting old and can’t keep up with your pace. I don’t want to hold you back,” Janine said with a smile. 
Seeing all her children happy and healthy in front of her now, Janine felt like her life was 
complete. 
“No way, Mom! If you’re not going, neither am I. Since Charles is paying, we should all enjoy ourselves.” His tone was firm, almost commanding, leaving no room for refusal. 
Skylar nodded in agreement. “Harvey’s right. If you’re not going, neither are we.” 
She was genuinely excited at the prospect of a family trip. 
Janine couldn’t stop smiling. “Alright, alright. I give in. I’ll go with you two. Now, relax and watch some TV while I make dinner.” 
“Mom, don’t bother cooking tonight. We’re eating out. I’ve already booked a restaurant,” Steven said. 
Charles chimed in, “I was a little late on that. I wanted to book a restaurant too, but Steven beat me to it.” 
Skylar and Harvey echoed in unison, “Thanks, Steven.” 
“Everything’s taken care of, huh? Well, that’s perfect. I won’t cook then,” Janine said, her joy evident. 
It felt like everything was finally falling into place, and she no longer needed to worry about 
her children. 
Life had still been kind to her. Despite losing Finn at a young age, Janine had been blessed with four wonderful children. It was the kind of happiness others could only envy. 
The five of them took two cars and drove to the restaurant. They arrived at a Wiscadian 
restaurant. 
Since Janine preferred Wiscadian cuisine and wasn’t fond of other types, Steven made sure to choose a place that would suit her tastes. He had reserved a private room. 
Skylar had been here before. She vaguely remembered the restaurant–good food, decent atmosphere. 
As soon as they all sat down, Skylar took out her phone, only to realize she had missed a message from Joe a few minutes earlier. 
“Did Lizzie contact you?” 
Skylar couldn’t help but wonder why Lizzie would need to contact her. She replied, “No. Is there something going on?” 
Joe responded quickly, “It’s about her family. She might need you to visit Garza Residence in the next couple of days.” 
Skylar quickly replied, “Let’s talk when I get back tonight.” 
“Alright. Enjoy your time with your family. I’ll take them all out for dinner one of these days.” 
After her brief chat with Joe, Skylar set her phone aside and noticed that Steven wasn’t at the table. 
“Where’s Steven?” she asked. 
Janine smiled and said, “He went to the restroom. He’s already ordered all the dishes according to what we like.” 
“I’ve heard from classmates that this restaurant is the most famous Wiscadian restaurant in Jipsburg. I can’t wait to see if it lives up to the hype,” Harvey said. 
He was currently in a growth spurt with a big appetite to match. After finishing his college entrance exams, he felt he could devour the entire menu. 
He couldn’t wait to feast. 
Seeing Steven, Skylar, and Charles already earning money while he was still in school made him even more impatient. Once he started college, he was determined to earn his own living and become independent. 
After Steven stepped out of the restroom and was about to wash his hands, his phone rang. 
He exchanged a few brief words with a colleague and was just about to hang up when someone bumped into him. 
Just as he was about to say sorry, he froze upon seeing the person who had collided with him. 
X 

###chapter1101
 1108
The person who had been bumped into also froze in surprise when she saw Steven. 
“I… I’m sorry, I was in a hurry and didn’t see you. I didn’t mean to,” Annie quickly explained. 
After a brief moment of shock, Steven’s expression returned to normal. “It’s fine.” He then 
turned to leave. 
“You… How have you been lately?” Annie asked, staring at Steven with a hint of hesitation. 
Steven’s tone was cold as he responded, “I’m okay.” 
Annie watched in disbelief as Steven walked away. She hadn’t expected him to be so distant after such a long time apart, treating her as if they were strangers: 
Her face paled slightly. Just then, a man, Neville McCarthy, approached her and wrapped his arms around her. 
“Weren’t you going to the restroom? Why are you still out here?” Neville asked. 
Annie forced a smile, her face still a bit pale. “I accidentally bumped into someone,” she 
replied. 
“Did you hurt yourself?” he asked with concern. 
“No,” Annie said, discreetly pushing him away before entering the restroom. 
After they finished eating, Steven and Charles went their separate ways to take care of their 
tasks. 
Skylar drove Janine and Harvey home before returning to her place. Just as she stepped inside, Joe followed her in. 
“What happened to Lizzie’s family?” she asked, exchanging glances with him. 
“She said her brother has been trying to take his own life these past few days. She suspects there’s something wrong at home. About a year ago, he suddenly changed. He became depressed and stopped talking to anyone around him,” Joe said. 
While speaking, they changed into slippers before heading inside. Skylar took two bottles of yogurt from the fridge and handed one to Joe. Then, they both sat down on the couch. 
Skylar said, “That does sound unusual. If it’s convenient, let’s go tomorrow. I’ll be taking Harvey and my mom on a trip in a couple of days. I’m worried that it might be too late if we wait until I get back.” 
She had mentioned the trip with Harvey to Joe before. 
However, hearing Skylar mention the vacation now made Joe’s expression darken slightly. 
“Have you thought about how you will make it up to me when you return?” 
Skylar felt that sometimes Joe could be quite childish. He looked a bit pitiful at the moment. What do you want? Just tell offered readily. 
“shea 
Joe lowered his gaze to her, his eyes sparkling with a hint of desire. “How about we do something while sitting?” 
“What?” Skylar didn’t understand at first. 
But in an instant, she caught on and blushed. “Joe, we’re discussing Lizzie’s family issues here. Can you please clear your mind of those thoughts?” 
Joe smirked. “It’s been half a month since we had any intimacy; hasn’t it? Are you trying to drive me crazy?” 
Skylar jumped up suddenly and said, “I’ll go call Lizzie. You can have a bottle of yogurt to calm down.” 
Watching her flee in embarrassment, Joe smiled as he opened the bottle of yogurt. 
He loved seeing Skylar flustered. It made it hard for him to control himself. 
Skylar stepped onto the balcony to call Lizzie. 
###chapter1102
 1109
Skylar said, “Ms. Garza, I just heard from Joe about what’s happening with your family. I’ll need to see the situation myself to understand it better. If it’s convenient, I can come by 
tomorrow.‘ 
Lizzie replied, “I’m at home right now, so anytime works for me. I really appreciate you coming all this way. I’ll pick you up at the airport tomorrow.” 
Considering the current situation between Joe and Lizzie, Skylar quickly added, “No need for that. Just send me your address, and I’ll take a cab from the airport.” 
“It’s no trouble. Don’t worry about being seen. Nobody knows I’ve left Jipsburg. You’re coming all the way here, and there’s no way I’m letting you take a cab to my house. It’s settled, then. See you tomorrow,” Lizzie said, leaving Skylar no chance to refuse. 
After the call ended, Skylar quickly packed a few things. The next morning, Lucas came to pick 
up 
both her and Joe, dropping Skylar off at the airport first. 
Joe couldn’t take time off, so he had to stay behind in Jipsburg. Skylar would be meeting Lizzie 
alone today. 
Just before she got out of the car, Joe pulled her into a deep kiss, pressing her into the seat for a long while. 
When she stepped out of the car, her lips were swollen, and her face flushed. Thankfully, she had a mask in her bag. She quickly put it on, lowered her head, and entered the airport 
terminal. 
As she walked in, she complained to herself, “My lips are completely numb.” 
Even now, she still felt a bit light–headed from the lack of oxygen. 
Two hours later, after boarding the plane and settling into her seat, someone suddenly appeared before her. 
“Mrs. Martin.” 
Startled by the familiar voice, Skylar looked up. “Paul?” 
Paul nodded enthusiastically, flashing a wide grin. “Surprised to see me? Mr. Martin was worried about you going alone.” 
By the time she reached Adaver, it would essentially be Lizzie’s territory. The Garza family was the most prominent in Adaver, so nothing was likely to happen to Skylar there. 
Moreover, very few people knew about Skylar and Joe’s marriage. To the outside world, Joe’s fiancée was still thought to be Lizzie. As a result, Lizzie became the target of attention and gossip. 
However, Lizzie was anything but fragile. Anyone trying to mess with her might as well be courting disaster. 
Paul felt like this trip was more of a vacation. It was a rare opportunity to relax. 
“That makes sense.” Skylar nodded and gestured for Paul to take a seat. 
After sitting down, Paul smiled at her. “Adaver is known for its food, including your favorite- fondue. I know a few places that do it really well. When I was in college, Lizzie invited me a few times, and just thinking about it now makes my mouth water.” 
Joe had asked Paul to tag along, not just to protect Skylar, but for another reason–one that Paul was almost embarrassed to admit. Joe was overcautious, especially around Lizzie, worried she might somehow tempt Skylar. 
However, it didn’t make any sense. Lizzie was devoted to someone else, and even if she wasn’t, it was unlikely she would try to go after Skylar. 
Skylar smiled and said, “Once the Garza family’s situation is sorted, I’ll treat you to some.” 
Paul grinned, not even pretending to be polite. “Deal. I’ll pick the place:” 
With Paul keeping the conversation lively, the two–hour flight flew by. Skylar didn’t have a moment to feel bored. She also used the time to learn some about the Garza family. 
The Garza family had only two children–Lizzie and her brother, Herman Garza. The weight of the family business had always rested on Herman’s shoulders, as Lizzie had no interest in the corporate world. 
Lizzie had been deeply passionate about music since she was a child. As a result, her parents) Carl Garza and Winona Parham, placed all their hopes on Herman. 
For a long time, Herman lived up to their expectations. He was brilliant and capable, and his parents were finally nearing the time when they could retire and enjoy a more peaceful life. 
But out of nowhere, Herman changed. 
They had consulted well–known doctors worldwide and done thorough health checks. The conclusion was that Herman was physically healthy. 
The only potential issue was psychological, but even top therapists couldn’t offer a solution. 
The past year had been filled with worry for Carl and Winona, and the strain had visibly aged them. Even Lizzie had considered giving up her career as a violinist by the end of the year. 
By the time the plane landed, Paul had thoroughly explained the Garza family’s current troubles to Skylar. 
After collecting her luggage, Skylar spotted Lizzie waiting for them at the arrivals gate. 
###chapter1103
 1110
 
Once Skylar, Lizzie, and Paul were in the car, Lizzie took off her mask and hat. She said, Lately, more people are starting to recognize me, so going out has become a bit inconvenient. But with a hat and mask, no one really recognizes me.” 
Paul chuckled, saying, “You makeup.” 
On’t have to go through 
all that trouble. Just go out without 
In truth, Lizzie looked quite different with and without makeup. Only people close to her would recognize her right away. 
The public, especially those online, had only seen the version of Lizzie with her signature look -long, flowing hair. She had a delicate, artistic appearance, all part of her carefully curated image. 
Skylar’s mouth twitched. She found Paul’s bluntness amusing and wondered if he was bold enough to risk getting slapped. 
But Lizzie didn’t mind at all. She simply pulled off her long wig. 
Skylar was stunned by how effortlessly cool Lizzie looked with her short hair. 
Paul wasn’t surprised at all. “You look much better this way,” he commented. 
Noticing Skylar’s surprise, Lizzie smiled and said, “These days, no matter what you do, you have to build a persona. But it has its perks. No one’s going to associate this look with the violinist Lizzie.” 
“You look amazing.” Skylar genuinely complimented her. 
It was rare to see a woman pull off such a dashing style. Men didn’t stand a chance if a woman could be this handsome. 
Lizzie’s mood brightened at the praise. “You’ve got good taste.” 
“Don’t take it too seriously. She was just being polite. Do you think you’re more charming than Mr. Martin?” Paul felt a warning signal flare up inside him. 
Lizzie 
Paul had come along on this trip for more than just the food and to protect Skylar. His real mission was to keep an eye on Lizzie because Joe was worried about Skylar. However, was quite a handful, always flirting around. 
Lizzie rolled her eyes, somewhat exasperated. “So Mr. Martin sent you to keep an eye on me, didn’t he?” 
She couldn’t help but wonder if he really needed to be this jealous. It wasn’t like she was out there seducing married women. 
Skylar smiled as she watched the two bicker while taking in the scenery outside the car. 
It seemed like it had just rained. The roads were damp, and the weather was overcast, but the view was lovely nonetheless. 
Before they knew it, they arrived at Garza Residence. Both Carl and Winona were waiting at the door. When they saw Skylar get out of the car, they came over together. 
Upon seeing them, it became clear who Lizzie resembled. She had inherited more of her father’s features but appeared softer. 
Winona and Carl wore warm smiles and appeared very approachable. 
“Are you feeling tired after your flight? Why don’t you come in for lunch and then take a rest? “Winona said kindly. 
Skylar smiled and nodded. “Sounds great.” 
Carl and Paul knew each other, and they chatted as they walked. 
Lizzie and Skylar walked together, and Lizzie said, “Make yourself at home. You don’t need to be too formal here.” 
The Garza family had prepared a lavish lunch featuring local specialties. The food was both exquisite and delicious. 
After the meal, Skylar and Paul went to the guest room to rest for an hour. Once they felt refreshed, Skylar asked Lizzie to take her to meet Herman first and then to check out some of the family’s artifacts. 
Lizzie’s expression grew unusually serious in front of Herman’s door. 
She said, “Herman… he’s changed into a different person. No matter what you say to him, he won’t respond. Lately, he’s been acting strange. He doesn’t like sunlight, keeps the curtains drawn all day, and sometimes doesn’t even turn on the lights.” 
Seeing Herman now gave her a strange feeling, as if he were a stranger. 
###chapter1104
 1111
Lizzie had always viewed Herman as intelligent from a young age. There was almost nothing he couldn’t handle. After joining the company, he excelled even more. 
She couldn’t understand how the same person could transform into a stranger in just over a 
year. 
Skylar said, “I understand. Let’s just take a quick look and not disturb him.” 
Lizzie knocked on the door. There was no sound or response from inside, as if no one was there. Lizzie knocked three more times, yet there was still no answer. 
From Lizzie’s expression, the lack of response didn’t surprise her. She pushed the door open 
and said, “Herman, I’m coming in.” 
As the door swung open, the dim light inside made it hard to see where Herman was. 
The curtains were drawn tightly, blocking any sunlight, and the lights were off. 
The weather was still quite warm this time of year, and people usually had the air conditioning on during the day. However, in Herman’s room, the air conditioning was off, and stuffy heat 
rushed out to greet them. 
Skylar paused at the threshold, hesitating to enter. 
Lizzie walked in first. “Herman, I have a friend here to see you. She’s an antique restorer and wants to check in on you. Let me open the curtains.” 
Lizzie was familiar with Herman’s room and headed straight for the window. 
However, just as she reached the curtains and was about to pull them open, he grabbed her arm tightly. “Ouch! You’re hurting me, Herman!” Lizzie yelped. 
But Herman remained silent. She sighed and said, “Okay, I won’t open the curtains. How about we at least turn on a light?” 
This time, Herman didn’t stop her. Lizzie switched on the light. As the room illuminated, Skylar caught sight of the surroundings and Herman. 
He stood at the window, his back turned to them. He hunched slightly, wearing a long–sleeved set of loungewear despite the heat. From the back, he looked so thin that his spine was visible. 
Although she couldn’t see his face, his demeanor conveyed a sense of hopelessness, as if he were seeking escape from life itself. 
Lizzie felt her eyes welling up. Herman hadn’t always been like this. 
Growing up, she had always admired Herman. She often told others about her wonderful brother. Now, though, she could only place her hopes in Skylar. 
Skylar discreetly observed the state of Herman’s room and softly said, “Hello, Mr. Garza.” 
As she expected, her greeting fell flat, met with complete silence. Lizzie glanced at Skylar, her expression apologetic. 
Skylar shook her head, unbothered by the lack of response. Before leaving, she subtly placed a talisman near the door in an inconspicuous spot. 
After exiting Herman’s room, Lizzie asked, “What did you just place down?” 
Skylar said, “A talisman that can help calm the mind and spirit. It should be useful for your brother’s situation. I’ve learned a bit about him, so let’s check out your family’s antiques.” 
“My parents knew you were coming, so they moved all the antiques to the fifth floor,” Lizzie replied, leading Skylar to the elevator. 
They soon arrived at the fifth floor. 
The fifth floor housed not only various antiques but also some incredibly rare and expensive jewelry. Looking around, it was clear there were fewer antiques than jewels. 
“My mom enjoys collecting jewels, but she rarely wears them. She just likes to admire them. The paintings and calligraphy are my dad’s favorites. He loves collecting antiques,” Lizzie 
added. 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter1105
 1112
Skylar nodded. With Lizzie accompanying her, she examined all the items. 
After finishing her inspection, she paused for a few minutes before asking Lizzie, “There’s nothing wrong here. Your father’s collection of antiques seems genuine. Has your brother kept any personal items with him, like emerald pendants or bracelets and rings?” 
Having reviewed the layout of Herman’s room earlier, she hadn’t noticed anything out of the ordinary. Lizzie thought for a moment before shaking her head. “I don’t recall anything specific. He’s worn long sleeves and pants regardless of the season for the past years. 
“It seems he never had the habit of wearing emerald pendants. The most he would wear is a wristwatch.” 
Skylar nodded. “Then let’s ask your parents.” 
“Sure, they know more about my brother’s situation.” Just as the two were about to enter the elevator to head downstairs, they suddenly heard piercing screams. 
The screams were desperate, as if someone had encountered something terrifying. The chilling sound tightened their chests. 
Lizzie turned pale. “It’s Herman.” 
Skylar’s expression darkened. “Has he often screamed like this before?” 
“It’s only been happening recently, but it’s rare. He hadn’t done this in the past few days. I can’t believe he’s screaming again today. Every time he screams like that, he threatens to end his life.” Lizzie was anxious, eager to rush downstairs. 
Skylar didn’t say anything more. She felt an uneasy sense of foreboding. According to Lizzie and Paul’s descriptions of Herman, he was a strong individual, not easily affected by setbacks or prone to mental illness. 
Even with a psychologist’s intervention, there seemed to be no improvement. Under such circumstances, it seemed that a negative item might be influencing him. 
However, she had just placed a talisman by Herman’s door, which should have reduced the negative item’s influence. Yet, Herman was still screaming in panic, leaving her feeling 
perplexed. 
With these thoughts swirling in her mind, she headed downstairs. 
Both Carl and Winona were present, their faces pale with fear as two maids struggled to hold back the frantic and screaming Herman. Paul stood nearby, completely stunned by the scene unfolding before him. 
Skylar understood the impact of Herman’s wild behavior on Paul, as they had known each 
other for a long time. The drastic change in Herman was unimaginable. He seemed like a completely different person. 
212 
With the maids restraining him, Herman gradually lost strength, stopped harming himself, and eventually fainted. 
This scene made Carl and Winona’s hearts race, their eyes turning red with worry. Winona, in particular, would have collapsed to the floor if Lizzie hadn’t held her up. 
Carl was the first to regain his composure. He looked at Skylar, sighed helplessly, and said, Did this frighten you? He… sometimes behaves like this. We wonder if it’s right to intervene or if we should let him go and find peace.” 
“Dad, don’t say that. He wouldn’t want this. He has never caused us worry before, has he?” Lizzie replied. 
Winona sighed and added, “I just hope he wakes up soon. We can’t handle this much longer.” 
Lizzie glanced at Skylar, recalling her earlier question. She immediately asked, “Dad, Mom, does Herman have anything on him, like pendants, bracelets, or rings?” 
Winona shook her head. “I haven’t paid much attention. It doesn’t seem like he has anything.” 
Just as Carl was about to shake his head as well, a realization struck him. “About a year and a half ago, he bought a crescent–shaped emerald pendant abroad. He always wore it, and the 
maid tried to remove it when Herman wanted to shower, but he refused. After that, no one thought much of it.” 
Skylar muttered, “A crescent–shaped emerald pendant?” 
 
###chapter1106
 1113
Carl nodded and said, “Yeah, Herman showed the pendant to me when he brought it back from abroad.” 
Winona suddenly remembered and replied, “I recall now. He had indeed brought it back from overseas. I thought he had put it away, but I didn’t expect he would keep it on him.” 
Upon hearing their words, Lizzie immediately walked over to Herman. Herman had already been laid on the bed by the maids. He was completely unconscious, his face devoid of color, showing a sickly pale complexion. 
She then opened his collar and revealed a crescent–shaped white emerald pendant before her 
eyes. 
“Skylar, come over and look,” Lizzie called out to Skylar. 
Skylar nodded and walked over. As soon as she saw the pendant, her brows furrowed, Her voice turned cold and sharp. “Don’t touch it.” 
Lizzie was about to take it off, but as soon as she reached out, she heard Skylar’s suddenly cold voice. Her hand froze in mid–air, and she didn’t dare to move. 
But then her eyes widened in realization. “Could this be the reason my brother has become 
like this?” 
“What?” Carl and Winona exclaimed in unison, astonished that something as ordinary- looking as the emerald pendant could have such an influence. 
“Is it really this thing? He said he just liked it and paid some tens of thousands of dollars for it, “Carl responded. 
If something worth tens of thousands of dollars could bring such significant change and harm to Herman, then it must be a negative item. 
Skylar nodded and said, “As expected, it should be this. Please help me get a pair of scissors and some red thread to wrap around them.” 
“Okay, I’ll get it.” Winora hurried off to search for the scissors and called a nearby maid to 
fetch the red thread. 
Skylar examined Herman closely. Although he had temporarily lost consciousness, he had a tight frown. His entire being seemed tense, like he was on the brink of collapse. 
His hands were tightly clenched as though he were resisting something terrifying. 
As Skylar looked at the pendant, she was haunted by chilling visions. A mountain of young girls, all lost to a sacrificial ritual. 
They had been defiled by a man who then brutally murdered them. In just three days, 20 girls 
had died, their blood completely drained. 
The orchestrator of this horror drank their blood, and the pendant around his neck was the same one lying before them. It was filled with resentment and hatred of countless young 
women. 
In the end, the man died a horrific death, losing control of his mind. Each night, he was tormented by the vengeful spirits of those he had harmed. 
Skylar closed her eyes for a moment, forcing these haunting images from her mind. When she opened them again, her gaze returned to the pendant. 
At first glance, it appeared to be a beautifully crafted pendant, its quality exquisite. However, at the curve of the crescent, a subtle seal was etched into it–one that might be overlooked by an untrained eye. 
To someone unfamiliar, it might appear to be a flower. But to her, it was a deathly sigil. 
It was no wonder that Herman had transformed into a different person over the past year continuously sought ways to end his life. 
and 
“Do you think my brother will be okay?” Lizzie asked,
###chapter1107
 1114
Skylar shook her head and said, “I can’t be certain yet. It depends on Herman’s willpower.” 
Those with weak willpower could suffer significant damage after being tormented for so long. 
Lizzie nodded, her eyes filled with worry. 
The Garza family really couldn’t afford to lose Herman. Carl had faced many challenges in life. But at that moment, he couldn’t hide his concern and fatigue. 
Seeing how much her parents had aged over the past year pained Lizzie deeply. As Herman lay unconscious in bed, his face still bore signs of torment, even in his state of oblivion. 
Paul, who had been standing by, finally registered the extent of Herman’s condition. He couldn’t help but feel a pang of sorrow. It was hard to reconcile the Herman he knew with the person before him now. 
Before long, Winona and a maid brought the pair of scissors with carefully wrapped red thread around the handles, following Skylar’s instructions. 
“Is this okay?” Winona asked. 
Skylar took the scissors and nodded. “Yes, this will work.” 
She then pulled out a piece of talisman she had drawn during her afternoon break. 
She placed the talisman beneath the pendant and cut the black string binding it, causing the pendant to fall onto the talisman. 
Skylar wrapped it carefully, avoiding direct contact. A chill emanated from the pendant, even through the protective talisman. 
Without the talisman’s protection, she would have been pierced by the chilling, eerie aura, and it was possible that she could have been harmed by it. 
While she performed these actions, the others nearby remained silent, too fearful to interrupt. 
“Alright, I will destroy this negative item. After this, no one will be harmed by it again.” Skylar assured them after carefully placing the crescent–shaped pendant into her bag. 
Lizzie let out a relieved sigh. “So… what about my brother?” 
“I can’t confirm his condition now. We’ll have to wait until he wakes up. I’m going to rest in my room for a bit, and please call me as soon as he’s awake,” Skylar said. Just as she spoke, a 
wave of dizziness washed over her. 
It was likely due to the heavy negative energy from the item she had encountered that day. It was inevitable that she had been affected while handling it. 
Noticing Skylar’s sudden pallor, Paul quickly approached her and asked, “Are you feeling unwell? Should we take you to the hospital?” 
It then dawned on him that Joe had warned him to be cautious since Skylar could sometimes get hurt while handling negative items. 
He recalled a previous incident when Skylar had been hurt by a negative item, leaving her in a coma for several days. Despite numerous experts examinations, no one could determine why she fainted, and her vital signs had gradually weakened. 
Just thinking about that moment terrified him. 
Lizzie and the others quickly noticed that she was unwell. Winona said urgently, “The family doctor lives nearby. I’ll call her to come.” 
Lizzie supported Skylar and asked, “Is this because you helped my brother? Did it hurt you?” 
Skylar had seemed fine moments ago, but now her face was pale as if all her strength had been suddenly drained away. 
Seeing Paul’s shocked and worried expression made her realize the situation was dire. 
Skylar reassured them. “Don’t worry too much. I’ll be fine. I just need to rest quietly for an 
hour.” 
After hearing this, Lizzie and Paul fell silent, although they remained anxious about her condition. 
As Skylar returned to her room, Lizzie urged Winona to contact the family doctor immediately. 
Skylar entered the guest room and lay down on the bed. She only felt a slight discomfort. 
A brief rest of half an hour to an hour should do the trick. However, Skylar hadn’t anticipated a series of dreams would haunt her once she fell asleep. 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
Claim b 
###chapter1108
 1115
All of Skylar’s dreams were filled with scenes of the girl being brutally abused and ultimately dying. One particularly vivid image even showed her legs being crushed beneath the wheels of a large truck. 
The horror was relentless, bloody, and terrifying leaving her in shock. 
As she tried to force herself to open her eyes and not let the dreams affect her emotions, a familiar and gentle figure suddenly appeared before her. 
She called out, “Grandma Viola…” 
She ran toward Viola. But for some reason, even though Viola was so close, it felt like an unsurmountable distance separated them. She could never reach her no matter how hard she 
tried to run. 
Viola looked at her with warmth and kindness. “Don’t come any closer, Skye. I have something to tell you, so just listen quietly.” 
Skylar stared blankly at Viola. It had been so long since she last saw her, yet it felt like Viola 
was becoming visibly younger as she spoke. 
Gradually, she transformed into a breathtaking beauty that could captivate anyone’s attention. 
“In this world, my biggest concern is you. Your relationship with Joe isn’t destined. It’s a matter of defying fate. Therefore, you both will face several trials ahead. 
“Only by staying steadfast in your bond will this connection endure. Remember my words. You must hold onto this connection, no matter what. Understood?” 
Skylar nodded continuously. “I’ll listen to you, Grandma Viola. But… was it because you helped me that you had to leave so suddenly?” 
She sensed some underlying reason for Viola’s passing. 
Viola smiled gently and shook her head. “I’ve seen all kinds of people and events in this world. Whether I live for many years or just a few doesn’t matter. Live well, Skye. I have things to do 
now.” 
“Grandma…” 
She tried to catch up to her, but Viola’s figure began to fade away. 
As the white mist dissipated, only an endless night remained ahead of her. 
Skylar jolted awake. Staring at the ceiling light above her, she snapped back to reality. 
It was just a dream, yet not entirely a dream. She knew that Viola’s appearance meant far more than just a figment of her imagination. 
It confirmed her suspicions. The reason she had this chance at rebirth was because of Viola. For Skylar’s sake, Viola had even sacrificed several years of her life. 
When Skylar thought of how Viola had spent her entire life protecting others from disasters but ended up living out her years in solitude, she couldn’t help but feel a sharp ache in her 
heart. 
At that moment, a series of knocks sounded at the door. 
“Mrs. Martin?” 
“Skylar?” 
“She’s been asleep for two hours. I’m worried something might have happened.” 
“Let the doctor check on her. That’s the only way I’ll feel reassured.” 
Just as Skylar was about to respond, her phone rang. The sound of the ringtone pulled her from her sorrow. 
She answered the call. “Hello?” 
“Are you alright?” Joe’s voice carried a trace of urgency. 
Skylar replied, “I’m fine. I just took a nap. Don’t worry.” 
“If Lizzie’s brother’s situation is too strange and could harm you in any way while trying to help them, don’t bother solving it. Just come back to Jipsburg.” Joe’s words revealed that his only concern was Skylar. 
Hearing this, Skylar couldn’t help but smile. “You’re really that worried about me, huh? Don’t worry, I’ll be careful.” 
###chapter1109
 1116
Joe said, “Paul told me about Herman’s situation. Just do what you can.” 
Seeing Joe still worried, Skylar reassured him. “Alright, I’ll only do what’s within my ability.” 
After exchanging a few more words, Skylar hung up and went to open the door. 
A few people were gathered outside. They were debating whether to open the door and When s 
suddenly stepped out. 
go in 
“You scared the life out of me! I was just about to barge in. Good thing you came out,” Lizzie said with a heavy sigh of relief. 
Paul nodded, equally shaken. “You almost gave me a heart attack too. 
Skylar smiled at the two of them. “I was sleeping and didn’t hear the knocking. Has your brother woken up?” she asked Lizzie. 
Lizzie shook her head and replied, “Not yet, but he doesn’t look as pale as before.” 
“That’s good. Maybe he’ll wake up tonight.” Skylar checked the time. 
Lizzie then said, “Let’s go grab dinner first. Paul said you like fondue, so I booked a table at a place that specializes in it. They’ve already reserved a spot for us.” 
Skylar agreed. “Sounds good. Let’s go.” 
Just as the three of them got into the car and were about to leave Garza Residence, Winona came rushing out with panic written all over her face. 
“He’s awake! Herman just woke up. He even spoke,” Winona shouted to them. 
There was more than just urgency in her voice–tears glistened on her face. 
Upon hearing Winona’s words, Lizzie immediately got out of the car. “Mom, did you just say he woke up? Did he speak? What did he say?” 
Skylar followed her out, and the three returned to the villa with Winona 
Through her tears, Winona explained, “He said it felt like he had been trapped in a long, terrible dream. In the dream, he had turned into someone twisted and cruel. He tried to escape the dream but couldn’t find his way out.” 
“I’ll go check on him,” Skylar said. 
“Alright, alright. When Herman woke up just now, the first thing he asked me was if someone had helped him. He vaguely remembered hearing people talking about scissors and a pendant. But he said it was all so unclear, like voices in a dream,” Winona said. She was unusually emotional at the moment.. 
Chapt 
Her excitement was understandable. Over the past year, the exhaustion and heartbreak had worn her down as a mother. 
Every bit of hope had crumbled, and she never expected to witness this moment. 
Looking at Skylar with tears still in her eyes, Winona grabbed Skylar’s hands and said, “You’re a benefactor to our family, Ms. Sullivan. I don’t think I’d ever hear my son speak again if it weren’t for you.” 
Before Skylar could respond, Lizzie chimed in, “You truly are a benefactor for our family, and especially for me.” 
She leaned closer to Skylar and whispered, “If it weren’t for you, I’d be stuck inheriting the family business. You have no idea how terrifying that is for me. That kind of suffering–1 can’t handle it. So you’ve spared me a lot of sleepless nights.” 
If Skylar hadn’t already been with Joe, Lizzie might have joked about repaying the favor by offering herself up. But alas, it wasn’t meant to be. 
Skylar smiled at Winona and Lizzie. “Let’s check on Herman first.” 
Herman had been tormented by a negative item for over a year. Without the devoted care of Winona and Carl, he wouldn’t have made it this far, nor would he have survived long enough for Skylar to come and help. 
###chapter1110
 1117
Perhaps this was the destiny meant for Skylar and Herman. Soon, she saw Herman, and he had 
indeed awoken. 
Herman froze for a moment when he spotted Skylar, then asked, “You’re the one who saved me, right?” 
Skylar confirmed and said, “Yes, it was me.” 
Immediately, Herman got out of bed and bowed to her in gratitude. “Thank you. If it weren’t for you, I’d still be trapped in that pain.” 
“It’s good that you’re awake. Just take your time to rest, and try not to get too emotional,” Skylar replied softly. 
Lizzie approached with red–rimmed eyes. “Herman, you’ve scared us to death this 
past year. 
Herman felt a twinge of guilt at her words. “Dad just told me that the crescent–shaped emerald pendant I bought abroad caused all this trouble. When I first saw it at the auction, I remember a voice telling me to bid on it. Somehow, I just went ahead and did it. 
“After the auction house handed it to me, it started with just a few nightmares, but then I couldn’t sleep at all. Eventually, I lost my sanity. This had caused Mom and Dad a great deal of worry during this time.” 
Carl and Winona stood nearby, their eyes moist as they listened. 
This year had felt like a nightmare. Thankfully, it was finally over. 
“It’s a relief to see you awake,” Carl sighed. 
Suddenly, Herman turned to Skylar and asked, “Ms. Sullivan, can we talk privately for a 
moment?” 
“Of course.” Skylar nodded, sensing that Herman had more to say. However, those matters were not suitable for Lizzie and his parents to hear. 
After exchanging glances, Lizzie and her parents chose to respect Herman’s wishes and stepped outside. 
Herman shut the door behind them. 
He gestured for Skylar to sit on the nearby couch. 
Once she was seated, he spoke directly, “There are things they shouldn’t know. That’s why I requested to speak with you alone. I hope you understand that it might seem a bit 
presumptuous. 
Η 
Skylar smiled gently, signaling Herman to continue. He turned his gaze to the window. 
Chap 1117 
Although he could open it from the inside, a security grill was installed outside, trapping him 
1. in. 
That security grill felt like it confined his soul and freedom. A shadow of sadness crossed his 
face. 
He said, “When I was abroad, I accidentally hit and killed a girl. She was about your age. On the way to the hospital, she gave me this pendant, telling me to take good care of it. She said she had no family and that it was her most valued possession. 
“She wanted me to bring it back home and bury it somewhere. When I returned, I 
uncontrollably wore the pendant, completely forgetting about her request. Now I wonder if my greed brought her wrath upon me, tormenting me like this. 
“She ran a red light. I know that blame wasn’t mine, but for over a year now, I’ve been seeing her in my dreams, along with many other people I’ve never met. Is this punishment for my actions? Did that girl even know the pendant was a negative item? Did she give it to me as revenge?” 
After the accident, he had seen a therapist, but the guilt continued to plague him. 
Seeing the pale look on Herman’s face, filled with self–reproach and sorrow, Skylar understood why someone as accomplished as him could so easily be ensnared by a negative, 
item. 
“It’s not your fault. I believe your parents told you that the pendant was a negative item and that it would gradually lead you to lose your mind. As for the girl’s death, you already knew the truth before you returned home, didn’t you? 
“Mr. Garza, you need to look forward. Whether she knew that the pendant was a negative item is no longer important. What matters is that I’ve dealt with the negative item now.” 
Herman looked taken aback for a moment. Then, after a few minutes, he seemed to find peace. “Thank you.” 
###chapter1111
 1118
The next day, Skylar and Paul were preparing to return to Jipsburg City. Lizzie would also be heading back in a few days, and she had made plans with Skylar to have dinner together once she returned. 
Herman, who had already freed himself from his troubles, felt refreshed after a night’s rest. He accompanied Lizzie to the airport to see Skylar and Paul off. 
Carl and Winona even prepared a large bag of local specialties for Skylar. 
When the plane landed, Skylar was surprised to see Joe waiting to pick her up. Instinctively, she glanced around, feeling a wave of caution wash over her. 
Noticing her reaction, Joe chuckled and said, “They wouldn’t dare send anyone to follow me now.” 
“That’s a relief,” Skylar sighed. 
There had been no updates on Kevin’s whereabouts, so she couldn’t let her guard down. 
As they drove away from the airport, Skylar took a bottle of water from Joe and sipped it before speaking. “The negative items in Herman’s possession and those appearing in Jipsburg recently aren’t from the same source.” 
Joe’s expression grew serious. “That person’s reach isn’t that extensive. Their target is a few families in Jipsburg.” 
Skylar nodded in agreement. 
While looking at Joe sitting beside her, she suddenly recalled the words Viola had spoken in her dream yesterday and the letter she had left behind. A heavy feeling settled in her chest. 
“Missing me?” Joe teased, noticing Skylar’s lost gaze. 
Skylar quickly glanced at Paul in the passenger seat, a new appreciation for Joe’s boldness dawning on her. 
She quickly turned her head to look out the window. “It was clear and sunny yesterday. Why is it so overcast today?” 
The gloomy weather weighed heavily on her heart. The dark clouds seemed to threaten a torrential downpour at any moment. 
Joe glanced out the window as well. “The weather forecast says it will rain in about an hour. 
“Are you still going to the office?” Skylar asked as she glanced at the time. 
Joe simply replied, “No.” 
He could sense that Skylar’s mood was off today. 
Sitting in the passenger seat, Paul noticed that his presence might be too much of a third wheel. He glanced at the road ahead and said, “Mr. Martin, I can get out here. There’s a mall nearby, and I need to buy some skincare products for my mom.” 
He had a two–day holiday to use. Though this location was close to the office, it wouldn’t be a problem if he missed two days. 
With the boss not heading to work, he felt no need to go either and decided to use both days off. Joe simply replied with a noncommittal grunt. 
Lucas pulled over after checking the traffic conditions, allowing Paul to get out. 20 minutes later, Joe and Skylar arrived home. 
Skylar had eaten lunch on the plane and wasn’t hungry yet. After showering, she noticed Joe was conducting a video conference in the study. 
She didn’t want to interrupt him, so she headed to the kitchen to brew two cups of coffee. By the time the coffee was ready, Joe had finished his meeting. 
Neither of them liked to add sugar to their coffee. Living together had unconsciously familiarized them with each other’s habits. 
Before they could finish their coffee, Joe pulled Skylar against the table and kissed her deeply. They made their way from the living room to the bedroom. 
In such matters, Joe always took the lead. However, they knew each other’s bodies well, and their chemistry was undeniable. They lost track of time, and it was quite late when it was finally over. 
As Skylar drifted in and out of sleep, the aroma of food wafted through the air. 
The differences in physical stamina between men and women were quite apparent. After their intimacy, she felt too exhausted to move, while Joe seemed as energized as ever. 
###chapter1112
 1119
It seemed that ever since Joe made breakfast twice, he had developed an interest in cooking. For dinner, he prepared a simple pasta dish. 
Skylar walked over with her sore legs and looked at the fragrant dish before her. She gave him a thumbs–up and said, “Your cooking skills are improving.” 
“It’s just instant pasta. The sauce was already cooked. All I had to do was boil the noodles,” Joe replied. 
“Perfect timing. I was just getting hungry.” 
Skylar remembered that she had ordered some simple and convenient instant pasta online a few days ago. 
The pasta came with self–heating meal kits. They weren’t the healthiest option, but they were handy when there was no time to cook. 
After finishing the pasta, she picked up her phone to check for messages. Just then, Natalie. sent her a message. 
“Check this out, Skye. If I’m not mistaken, this woman is Annie, right? How did she end up with your brother?” 
As Natalie’s voice message ended, a video followed. Skylar immediately clicked to open it. 
The scene was loud and chaotic. Music blared in the background, and a crowd of men and women danced amid the flashing lights and vibrant atmosphere. 
Then, the camera focused on a couple stumbling out together. 
Their bodies were almost pressed against each other, and they were walking somewhat unsteadily. Within moments, they vanished from view, leaving the bar. 
The man’s face was barely visible in the dimly lit bar, but Skylar could easily recognize him from this brief video, thanks to their familiarity. 
Just then, Natalie sent a voice message. “Looks like your brother had too much to drink.” 
Skylar quickly typed back a few words, “Is that Steven? Is this happening right now?” 
“Yeah, so it really is Steven? Is he dating Annie now?” 
“They were together before but broke up.” 
“Broke up? That doesn’t seem likely. From how they look, it seems like they’re headed to a hotel.” 
Seeing the word “hotel“, Skylar frowned and immediately called Steven. The call went 
unanswered, so she tried calling twice more. 
Joe noticed Skylar’s anxious behavior and asked, ‘Is something wrong?” 
“Nath just saw Annie with Steven at a bar, and now they’re leaving together. I don’t feel right about it, so I’m trying to call Steven, but he isn’t answering,” Skylar explained to Joe. 
“Annie?” 
“Yeah.” 
Joe nodded and picked up his phone, dialing a number. “Find out what’s going on with Annie.” 
After ending the call, he looked at Skylar, who was visibly anxious. “Let’s go check on your brother’s place first.” 
While they were on the road, Skylar kept trying to call. Others might not understand Steven, but she did. 
After discovering Annie’s deceit and actions, Steven immediately ended their relationship. He would never want to be with her again. The idea of rekindling old flames might work for some, but it wouldn’t for Steven, given his personality. 
He was always calm and thoughtful. If he were to rekindle something with Annie, he would certainly consider the consequences. Weighing it all, he would never get involved with her again. 
Yet today, he and Annie were seen together in a bar, looking close. That felt suspicious to her. “Don’t worry,” Joe said, holding her hand. 
Skylar furrowed her brow and said, “I’m just afraid Annie might have some ulterior motive and use Steven, putting him in a position to get hurt again.” 
###chapter1113
 1120
Joe reassured Skylar. “Don’t worry. She won’t be able to stir up any trouble in Jipsburg.” 
Skylar knew that, given Annie’s current situation she wouldn’t be able to create any significant problems. However, she was concerned that Steven might be fooled again. 
A nagging sense of forbidding lingered in her mind. 
In a hotel room, Annie watched as Steven slept soundly. He had a cold demeanor and striking features. Even though he came from humble beginnings, he had made a name for himself in Jipsburg through hard work and determination. 
Because of his background, he never showed any signs of inferiority to anyone, He was humble yet strong and incredibly capable. He valued promises and was deeply committed to those around him. 
During their time together, he had loved her wholeheartedly. 
While he couldn’t provide the social status and vanity that Joe could, he offered genuine affection. Unfortunately, she had been the one to destroy that love. 
Since their breakup, Annie had grown increasingly aware of her mistakes and often reminisced about their time together. 
Their love had been pure and beautiful. But now, all she could do was greedily watch him from 
a distance. 
He was so ruthless. Even after a long separation, he had heartlessly treated her like a stranger. 
“Steven, only now do I realize that I love you,” she whispered, gazing at him. 
She noticed Steven’s phone flashing with incoming calls, the name “Skylar” clearly displayed on the screen. Skylar had been calling him repeatedly. 
“You two seem to have a close sibling relationship,” Annie said with a hint of a bittersweet 
smile. 
Steven cared deeply for Skylar. So when he learned that Annie intended to use him and Skylar, he coldly ended their relationship. 
However… 
“This time is different,” Annie said, gazing earnestly at Steven. 
During her time away from Jipsburg, she assumed that Skylar and Joe had separated, especially since Joe was now engaged to Lizzie. 
Meanwhile, Steven shone even brighter in his field. She heard from some people that many big shots in Jipsburg wanted to marry their daughters to him. Even her parents regretted their earlier disapproval and constantly urged her to find an opportunity to reconcile with Steven. 
Although she had reached out to him and even had some mutual friends drop hints about her situation, it was no surprise that Steven seemed uninterested in her life. 
An image of their chance encounter at the bar flashed through her mind. He had seemed to be waiting for someone. 
If it weren’t for having drunk… 
Annie brushed away her melancholy and forced a smile. “Steven, I regret it. I know that after we broke up, you never once regretted your decision or thought about getting back together. But… I love you. This time, it’s my turn to approach you. I’ll come to you no matter what.” 
Just as she leaned in to kiss him, Steven’s phone, which had just gone dark, lit up again. This time, it wasn’t the name Skylar that appeared. 
Instead, it read, “Stupid Girl“. 
“Stupid Girl…” 
Annie’s expression shifted, and she hesitated before answering the call. 
Immediately, she heard a woman’s soft, delicate voice from the phone that could melt anyone’s heart. 
“Steven, are you stuck in traffic? I’ve been waiting for you for half an hour. If you don’t hurry, 
you.” I’ll leave. I took the day off from updating my editor to spend time with 
###chapter1114
 1121
Mona Silva asked, “Why aren’t you saying anything? Is there a problem with your phone signal? Or is the bar too loud for you to hear me? Forget it, I’ll wait for you for ten more minutes. If you’re not here in ten minutes, I’m going home.” 
Mona sounded a bit irritated. When she hung up, she grumbled that no man should keep a girl waiting for so long. 
Annie’s hand trembled uncontrollably as she held her phone. Hearing Mona’s attitude toward Steven, it felt like she was being coy. Their relationship seemed more than just ordinary friends or colleagues. 
As the realization hit her, Annie’s expression changed dramatically. She immediately looked at 
Steven. 
No wonder Steven had been so cold toward her during their last encounter. He treated her with less warmth than a stranger. 
Taking a deep breath, she felt tears prick in her eyes. 
“Steven, after realizing my feelings for you, you’ve already moved on, haven’t you? You’re treating that woman well, aren’t you? Does she… compare to me?” Annie whispered. 
But her words felt like a soliloquy. She knew Steven wouldn’t hear her and wouldn’t respond Just then, Steven’s phone rang again. Her expression shifted when she saw that it was another call from Skylar. 
Skylar… 
Suddenly, she felt a sense of calm wash over her. 
“177-” 
Joe read out a phone number. Skylar noted it down and then dialed it. 
The ringtone sounded a few times before a familiar voice came through. 
“This is Annie. I still have your number saved,” Annie said. 
Skylar was surprised by Annie’s casual admission 
This was Annie’s new number, which Paul had just obtained. 
“Ms. Silver, my brother is with you, right?” pleasantries. 
Skylar cut straight to the chase, skipping any 
It had been over half an hour since Natalie had texted her, and she knew there was plenty of 
time for something to happen. 
Annie chuckled softly. “Are you worried I might get back together with your brother?” 
Skylar paused for a moment before answering, “I respect my brother’s choices. Who he chooses to be with is his decision.” 
“You and your brother have quite similar personalities. You both seem to make decisions you stick to. When you love someone, you love them. When you don’t, you don’t,” Annie said, a hint of
nostalgia in her voice. 
For some reason, despite being on the phone, she felt no hesitation in sharing her thoughts with Skylar. 
Even after her breakup with Joe, Skylar didn’t seem to have lost herself. She hadn’t aired the issues online or tried to leverage the situation against Joe. 
From what Annie knew, many people still didn’t even know Skylar existed. While everyone was busy discussing Lizzie and Vera, no one mentioned Skylar. 
Skylar asked, “Where are you and my brother staying?” 
“You’re still as sharp as ever. Who helped you find my new number? Was it Joe? Never mind who it was. What matters is that Steven is indeed with me at the hotel. He drank something spiked, and I saw it happen, so I took him away. Rest assured, nothing happened between us.” Annie assured her. 
Skylar replied simply, “Okay.” 
She quickly received the address that Annie sent her. As she looked at the location, her impression of Annie changed. 
“It seems like Annie has transformed into someone else. If it were the old her, she would have seized the opportunity to do something,” she commented as she glanced at Joe. 
11 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
###chapter1115
 1122
X 
In the hotel room, Annie quietly watched Steven, who was still fast asleep, feeling a pang of disorientation. 
However, she knew she couldn’t stay any longer. She felt a pang of reluctance but realized she had to leave. 
She couldn’t afford to make the same mistakes again. She glanced at the phone she had placed neatly aside, still preoccupied with the identity behind the name “Stupid Girl“. 
If it weren’t for her past mistake, she and Steven would never have ended up in this situation. 
Taking a deep breath, she surveyed her surroundings. The hotel lights cast a warm glow, and it was meant to be a beautiful night, but this was not the right moment for her to linger. 
With a hint of reluctance, she opened the door and walked out. 
After leaving the hotel and getting into her car, Annie didn’t drive away immediately. Instead, she sat in the vehicle, waiting to confirm something important. 
Before long, another car pulled up beside her, just one vehicle away. 
The doors opened, and two people stepped out–Skylar and Joe. The two hurriedly entered the hotel together. 
Seeing them appear almost simultaneously confirmed Annie’s suspicions, even though it still surprised her. 
In Jipsburg City, everyone was buzzing about Lizzie’s quietly winning over Joe, but Annie felt that Skylar’s presence was undoubtedly significant to him. 
If they truly had no connection anymore, she wondered if Joe would really arrive at the hotel 
with Skylar. 
She gripped the steering wheel tightly, realizing her intuition was right. 
up and move 
There would be plenty of time ahead, and she couldn’t afford to at past mistakes. Wherever she had stumbled before, that was where she needed to pick herself forward. 
For example, she had fallen from being a TV host to becoming a well–known influencer. No one could predict what tomorrow would bring. 
After Skylar and Joe arrived at the hotel room, they found Steven sound asleep. Despite their somewhat loud entrance, they didn’t wake him. 
Seeing that Steven was safe and hadn’t had any inappropriate encounters with Annie, Skylar 
heaved a sign of relief. 
“I’ll get us a room. Tonight, I’ll share a room with Steven,” Joe said, noting Steven’s sleeping 
state. 
He guessed that Steven wouldn’t wake up for the rest of the night. It would be better to spend the night at the hotel. 
Skylar agreed. “Okay.” 
Conveniently, the adjacent room was available, so Joe booked it without hesitation. 
The next morning, Steven woke up with a pounding headache. As he regained consciousness, he realized he was in an unfamiliar environment. The layout and decor clearly indicated it was a hotel room. 
He had no idea how he found himself in this place. 
His mind went blank for a moment, and he struggled to piece together what had happened. Just as he was wondering, he caught sight of Joe lying on the other bed. 
“Joe?” 
Steven felt even more confused, as his headache made it difficult to remember anything from the previous night. He was unable to grasp what had actually happened. 
Joe, sensing someone was watching him, opened his eyes. Their gazes met. 
“Is this a hotel?” Steven asked Joe as he sat up, still feeling the dull ache in his head. 
He tried to recall the previous night’s events, but his memory remained a blank slate. It felt as if the memories from last night had been stolen. 
###chapter1116
 1123
However, Steven vaguely recalled that he had gone to a bar the previous night, sipping his drink while waiting for someone. 
As he thought about this, something suddenly clicked in his mind. 
Noticing the rapid change in Steven’s expression, Joe sat up and explained, “You’re in a hotel. Last night, someone slipped you something at the bar, and you happened to run into Annie.” 
“Annie?” Steven’s face shifted dramatically. 
He suddenly remembered where he was. The coincidence of being drugged at the bar and then encountering Annie was too bizarre. Yet, he truly had no recollection of it. 
He quickly looked down at himself, searching for an answer. 
Joe noticed his concern and continued, “Someone saw you leave the bar with Annie, and they told Skylar. After bringing you to the hotel, Annie left. Don’t worry, nothing happened between you two.” 
Hearing that nothing had happened, Steven sighed in relief. “That’s good to hear. I’m sorry for the trouble.” 
Joe nodded and said, “You should go to the hospital today. There might still be traces of the drug in your system.” 
“Okay.” Steven frowned. He didn’t expect that, in today’s society, someone would brazenly drug people in a bar. If he, as a man, could fall victim to this, then the consequences for a lone woman in
a bar would be unimaginable. 
With this thought, Steven’s expression darkened. 
Joe went to the bathroom first. After a quick wash–up, he came out and said to the now fully awake Steven, “Skylar is resting in the next room. I have some matters to attend to, so you two can have breakfast together before you leave.” 
With Joe present, it wasn’t convenient for Skylar and Steven to discuss things. 
After Joe left, Steven also went to the bathroom. 
Ten minutes later, he first opened the curtains and then checked his phone. There were several missed calls, including one from Skylar and another from Mona. 
He decided to return Mona’s call first. When the call connected, he immediately said, “Sorry, something unexpected happened last night.” 
“Oh, so that’s what happened. I thought something might have happened to you. I’m glad I didn’t wait too long at the bar. As long as you’re okay.” 
Steven replied, “Yeah, I’m fine. I’ll set up a time to meet you in a few days. Just don’t go to that bar again.” 
“Okay, I agree. That place is too loud anyway,” Mona responded. 
Steven gave a brief acknowledgment. 
After a few more exchanges, Steven hung up and dialed Annie’s number. To his surprise, it was a disconnected line. 
He raised an eyebrow, deleted the number, and called Skylar instead. She didn’t answer. 
But just a minute later, there was a knock on the door. Steven opened it immediately. 
“Steven, how are you feeling? Is anything bothering you?” Skylar asked as she looked Steven over carefully. 
After a night had passed, Steven appeared a bit fatigued. But other than that, he seemed fine. However, Joe sent her a message stating that Steven couldn’t remember what had happened the previous night. That kind of drug could easily numb someone’s nerves. 
The thought sent a shiver down her spine. Steven chuckled lightly, seeing the worry in her eyes and said, “It’s nothing serious. I was just careless.” 
“Steven, you’re handsome, so it’s easy for people to target you. Just be cautious in such places from now on.” Skylar couldn’t help but think how dangerous it could be for a man to be so good– looking. 
Over the past two years, Steven had grown more mature. Given his striking looks, it was no wonder he attracted attention. 
Steven nodded with a smile. “Got it. I’ll be careful.” 
“Why did you suddenly go to a bar? Steven, are you d
###chapter1117
 1124
Steven could easily tell what Skylar was curious about. “I met a friend at the bar,” he explained. 
Skylar nodded and said, “Oh, I see.” 
But deep down, she had a feeling it wasn’t just a friend. It seemed more like a date with a 
woman. 
Growing up together, they often understood each other with just a glance. 
Steven smiled helplessly. “Yes, it’s a woman. She’s my coworker’s sister.” 
Skylar’s eyes lit up as she immediately pressed for more details. “Do you like her?” 
Steven’s character wouldn’t lead him to agree to a private date if he didn’t like her. 
Steven didn’t hide his feelings. He admitted. “Yeah, she’s interesting.” 
Skylar’s smile widened with surprise. “Now I’m really curious about this woman. Anyone who can make you say she’s interesting and light up when you talk about her has to be something special.” 
She knew Janine would be thrilled to hear Steven had feelings for someone. 
Steven hadn’t dated much in the past. His last relationship was heartfelt, but it ended in pain when Annie approached him with ulterior motives. That experience left a deep scar on him. 
“She’s simple, with a bit of a childish side. If we make it official, I’ll introduce you guys.‘ Steven smiled. 
11 
Over the years, as the eldest in the family, he had always carried the weight of heavy responsibilities on his shoulders. Step by step, he pushed forward without ever allowing himself to relax. 
His previous relationship had nearly drained him emotionally. But he hadn’t expected to meet someone like Mona. 
Skylar could tell they were still in the early stages of their feelings. They weren’t officially 
dating yet. 
“Go for it, Steven. If you like her, you should pursue her.” Skylar encouraged. 
Steven chuckled. “I will.” 
“I’m starving. Let’s get some breakfast.” 
“Sure, let’s go. 
After breakfast, Skylar drove Steven to the hospital for blood and urine tests, 
The test results came back without any major issues. However, there would be some side effects– headaches over the next few days and drowsiness at night. 
Leaving the hospital, Skylar drove Steven back to his apartment. 
On the way, Annie called Steven. The moment he heard her voice, his tone turned cold.” Thanks for last night.” 
Annie chuckled. “There’s no need for such forinality between us, Steven. We couldn’t work out as a couple, but we can still be friends, right?” 
Steven frowned. Glancing at Skylar, he replied, “I have something to do. Goodbye.” 
“Wait!” Annie’s voice came through just as he was about to hang up. He paused for a few seconds. 
“How about we grab dinner sometime? My treat,” she asked cautiously, as if she was afraid of being rejected. 
Her careful tone was a stark contrast to how she used to be. For a brief moment, Steven felt lost in thought. 
He noticed Skylar’s concerned glance and shook his head slightly, signaling her not to worry. “Sorry, I’ve been really busy lately. I don’t have much time,” Steven replied calmly. 
Annie smiled bitterly. “You… you really hate me, don’t you?” 
Steven’s response was firm. “Hate is a strong word. There’s just nothing left to say between us. 
There was no point in dragging out something that had already ended. Keeping any connection with her would be unfair to whoever he decided to love next. And it would also be unfair to himself. 
Annie didn’t say anything more. After a strained “goodbye“, she hung up. 
Even after the call ended, Steven’s furrowed brow didn’t relax. 
Skylar was concerned and asked, “Steven, about Annie…” 
“I’ve already moved on. I don’t remember much about how she got me out of the bar last night,” Steven replied with a slight smile. 
Skylar smiled back and nodded. “Good. When Mom and I return from our trip, I hope you’ll have some good news about a new relationship.” 
Steven chuckled. “I’ll try.” 
###chapter1118
 1125
Skylar and Harvey worked together on some travel plans in the following days. After that, they booked their flights and hotel, and the itinerary was all set. 
The trip would 
be short, about seven days. Before they set off, Joe, Steven, and Charles constantly reminded them to send photos and videos regularly to keep everyone updated. 
While waiting at the airport, Harvey saw Skylar replying to WhatsApp messages and couldn’t help but roll his eyes. He muttered, “With me around, what’s there to worry about? Do they think I can’t take care of you two ladies?” 
“What nonsense are you talking about? Joe, Steven, and Charles care about us,” Janine said, giving Harvey a light tap on the head. 
He had grown up and become rebellious. At such a young age, he was already quite arrogant. 
Harvey pouted. He felt that they regarded him as a child, thinking he was incapable of taking care of them. But he didn’t plan to explain. 
On this trip, he wanted to show the 
On this trip, he wanted to show them that he had grown up and was no longer a kid. Skylar understood Harvey’s personality well. 
Boys at this age tended to be quite proud. He had the youthful spirit typical of his age. 
However, Harvey was more sensible than many boys his age. 
When making travel plans, he was especially meticulous, thinking of things that Skylar would overlook. He also considered Janine’s health condition, pondering which mode of 
transportation would be better and thinking everything through. 
She was very much looking forward to the seven–day journey. 
However, she also had some concerns. Deep down, she felt that the one behind the negative item was about to reveal themselves. 
Just before getting on the plane, she told Joe, “If anything unusual happens, make sure to tell me right away.” 
Joe joked, “Worried that someone might bring negative items in front of me?” 
“I overlooked something. Your uncle’s side is prone to being exploited by others, so you need to be on guard,” Skylar said. 
She couldn’t fully articulate her uneasy premonition to Joe, but she wanted to share what she 
could. 
If she hadn’t just scrolled through the news and seen the gossip about Claudio and a female celebrity, she might have almost forgotten about the people from the Martin family. 
Joe’s gentle voice came through her phone. “They won’t stir up any trouble over there.” 
Skylar felt a little reassured. 
Seven days later, the trio returned from their trip. 
Steven and Charles picked them up from the airport. On the way home, Skylar told them, While we were away, a few people mistook Mom for being our sister. Some even wanted to follow her on Instagram.” 
“Did you meet anyone you liked, Mom?” Charles asked eagerly. 
They all supported Janine in finding someone she liked. After all, she had only spent half her life caring for them. Now, it was time for her to think about herself. 
Janine blushed as she saw her children looking at her and said, “Why are you joking about me? 
TI 
At her age, with four children, she hadn’t even considered remarrying. 
The four siblings burst into laughter, dropping the subject. Harvey couldn’t help but share all the sights and experiences from their journey with Steven and Charles. 
Meanwhile, Skylar took the opportunity to message Joe. 
Joe and Lizzie were at Avalon Residence today. They were celebrating Ernest’s birthday, and all the prominent figures from Jipsburg were invited. 
Joe had just sent her a message saying he would pick her up at 9:00 pm. 
She had barely typed a few words when Lizzie called. “Are you free right now?” Lizzie asked her voice low and cautious. 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
Play 
###chapter1119
 1126
Skylar glanced at Steven, who was driving. 
Seeing that she was on a call, Charles, Janine, and Harvey fell silent. 
“Yeah, I’m free,” she replied. 
Lizzie’s voice dropped even lower, clearly trying not to be overheard. Fortunately, Skylar could still hear her clearly through the phone. 
“They put me and Joe in the same room. And… Joe’s had too much to drink,” Lizzie said, 
nudging Joe as she spoke. 
In her view, Joe wasn’t the type to get drunk easily, so she wondered why he was overdoing it 
today. 
M 
“Too much to drink?” Skylar was also surprised. Joe had texted her just about ten minutes ago, and she could hardly believe he was drunk already. 
“I thought it was strange too. I even wondered if he was faking, but I’ve nudged him several times, and he’s barely reacting,” Lizzie explained. 
Skylar’s expression darkened. “You two shouldn’t stay at Avalon Residence. I’m worried the people there might stir up trouble. Is Paul around?” 
“Paul’s still downstairs, socializing with the others.” 
“I’ll call him. Lizzie, please don’t leave the room. Just stay there with Joe.” 
“Got it. Don’t worry, I didn’t drink. I’ll keep an eye on him.” 
wa 
Skylar immediately called Paul, but the phone rang for a long time without being answered. She tried again a few more times, but still no response. 
An uneasy feeling started to creep over her. 
* 
Steven noticed her troubled expression and asked, “Skye, is something wrong?” 
Hearing that, Janine, Charles, and Harvey also looked at Skylar with concern. 
Seeing their worried faces, Skylar shook her head. “It’s nothing. Just drop me off here. You guys can head home first.” 
“Are you sure everything’s okay?” Steven asked pulling over to the side of the road, his tone serious. 
“Yeah, I’m fine. You all head home first. I’ll have dinner with Joe tonight.” Skylar reassured them, not wanting them to worry. 
After all, she wasn’t sure what was really going on yet. Maybe she was overthinking it. 
212 
Steven nodded. 
Janine rolled down the window. “If anything comes up, just let us know. It’s always better for the family to figure things out together than to face it alone.” 
“Yes, Skylar, if anyone’s messing with you, just tell me,” Harvey said, rolling up his sleeves as if he was ready for a fight at any moment. 
Skylar felt a mix of warmth and amusement. “Alright, if anyone dares to mess with me, I’ll bring you to help me fight.” 
“Count me in,” Charles chimed in, never one to back down from a fight. 
Skylar laughed and nodded. “I’ll call on all of you.” 
She glanced at the traffic light ahead and said, “You all better get going now. If you wait much longer, you’ll hit rush hour.” 
“Be careful on your way,” Steven said. 
Skylar pointed to the nearby subway station. “I’ll take the subway back, don’t worry.” 
After Steven drove off, she immediately called Lizzie back. 
Skylar couldn’t shake off her worry and reminded Lizzie, “Lizzie, I’ve been trying to reach Paul, but he’s not answering. I’m not sure what’s going on, so whatever you do, don’t open the door for anyone.” 
Lizzie agreed and said, “Yeah, something feels off. It feels like someone drugged him. Otherwise, he wouldn’t be sleeping this deeply. We’ve been so careful, but… I just asked a doctor friend. In this case, we should take him to the hospital. But there are too many people here, and I can’t get him out on my own.” 
Skylar’s heart sank as she quickly thought of someone who could help. “Try calling Paul again. I’ve just thought of someone who might be able to help.” 
Skylar thought of Rowan. 
###chapter1120
 1127
owan quickly answered the call. “Skylar?” 
[t’s me, Rowan. I need your help with something urgent,” she said, getting straight to the 
?int. 
owan responded without hesitation, “Just tell me what it is. I’ll help with whatever I can.‘ 
oe is at Avalon Residence…” Skylar explained the situation swiftly–Joe seemed to have been rugged, and it was likely that the people at Avalon Residence wouldn’t allow him to leave 
sily. 
owan took it seriously. “I got it. Don’t worry. I’ll head to Avalon Residence right now. I’ll call izzie on the way and guide her on how to handle them. I’ll get Joe out safely, I promise. Tell oward to get ready.” 
here wasn’t time to question why Skylar and Lizzie knew each other or why Skylar was still 
? concerned about Joe after the divorce. 
one of that mattered right now. What mattered was that Skylar needed his help. 
nd if the Martin family thought they could mess with Joe, they would have to see if they even 
ad the guts to pull it off. 
hey had already caused trouble recently and were still at it. Rowan couldn’t believe it. 
fter hearing Rowan’s reassurance, Skylar felt a bit of relief. Before she got on the subway, she ontacted Howard and asked him to head to their place. 
hen, she tried calling Paul again. This time, he picked up. 
Mrs. Martin, I couldn’t answer earlier. Something might happen to Mr. Martin. Ernest 
ffered him drinks before everyone, and Mr. Martin couldn’t refuse. 
He got drunk and was taken to a guest room. Lizzie is with him now. I got caught up with Mr. laudio and couldn’t help right away…” 
efore he could finish, Skylar interrupted, “I’ve sent Rowan over.” 
aul breathed a sigh of relief. “You’re quick to act, Mrs. Martin. But don’t worry too much- 
ere are many guests around, so they can’t do anything drastic. Moreover, I hired a few odyguards before we came. They’re stationed outside, just in case.” 
ctually, Joe had anticipated some trouble before arriving. He knew Ernest and the others ould pull something. 
ut drugging him in front of so many people indicated that Ernest wanted to tear away any emaining pretense. 
212 
“Good,” Skylar said, feeling a bit more at ease after hearing Paul’s update. 
It seemed that she was overthinking things. 
After ending the call, she took the subway back home. About an hour later, a call from an unknown number came through. 
“Hello?” 
“Have you figured things out all this time? I just saw Joe and Lizzie together. They went to a guest room, and it was obvious what they were doing. He won’t come back to you now.” Claudio’s voice dripped with malice. 
Skylar didn’t expect Claudio to be so persistent. Hearing his voice made her feel a surge of disgust. She said, “If you keep calling me, I’ll report you to the police.” 
Claudio threatened her. “Are you planning to ruin your own life? Without Joe, how will you survive in Jipsburg? If you don’t come to me, believe me, I can make things difficult for your family.” 
With a sharp intake of breath, Skylar immediately ended the call. There was no point in talking to someone like Claudio. 
Claudio stared at the screen, his face darkening in anger. He gritted his teeth, seething with 
rage. 
“Fine! Let’s see how you react when you realize just how severe the consequences of provoking me can be.” 
Before, Joe had protected her, but now… Joe might not even be able to protect himself. 
Claudio walked over to the bedside and pulled out an ancient–looking emerald pendant with a distinctly strong aura from beneath his pillow. 
“Now I’m actually glad we have this bit of blood relation,” he said. 
###chapter1121
 1128
An hour later, as Steven made his way back to the apartment, a sense of unease gnawed at him. 
Once he arrived, he immediately dialed Skylar’s number. 
“Is there trouble with Joe?” he asked, getting straight to the point. 
“Yes, something happened to him earlier, but it’s been resolved now. Don’t worry, Skylar replied. 
Steven,” 
“Good to hear.” Steven didn’t press further. He could tell from her tone that everything was fine. 
Skylar waited for Rowan to return with Joe. Howard had already arrived. 
To ease her worries, Howard reassured her. “I have a wide variety of medications. Whether he’s just drunk or has been drugged, you don’t need to worry.” 
“I feel very reassured with you here, Dr. Grey,” Skylar said honestly. 
Still, an unsettling feeling lingered within her, a weight that wouldn’t lift. 
Perhaps the recent events, coupled with Viola’s passing, made her overthink everything. 
Rowan had just called to say they were on their way back, so she shouldn’t worry. Howard leaned back on the couch and dozed off for a while. 
He frowned when he noticed it was already 11:00 pm and they still hadn’t returned. “They should have arrived by now.” 
“Lizzie just texted me that they would be here in about ten minutes.” Skylar poured two glasses of water and handed one to Howard. 
Howard took a sip and said, “It’s remarkable that Mr. Martin has made it this far. With his own family plotting against him, it’s lucky he has you by his side.” 
This wasn’t merely flattery from Howard to win favor with Skylar. He was genuinely aware of how much Joe cared for her. 
After marrying Skylar, Joe had undergone significant changes. For one, his long–standing insomnia had vanished since they tied the knot. 
It was rare for Joe to be troubled by insomnia anymore. For Skylar, he was even willing to pretend to be engaged to Lizzie. 
This was enough to show just how much he cared for Skylar. 
Skylar was about to speak when the door swung open. Rowan and Paul helped Joe into the 
212 
room, followed closely by Lizzie. 
Howard sprang up like a spring and quickly walked over. “You’re finally back.” 
Skylar stepped forward to replace Rowan and said, “I’ll take care of him.” 
She carefully examined Joe. 
Joe’s complexion was a bit pale, but he appeared stable. As if sensing he was home, he opened his eyes. 
The moment he opened his eyes, he immediately looked at Skylar. Upon seeing her, he seemed to regain some clarity. 
“I’m fine. It was just a food allergy.” 
Skylar raised an eyebrow. “A food allergy?” 
No one had drugged him. 
“There were cashew pieces in the dish. But thankfully, Mr. Martin didn’t eat much,” Paul quickly explained. 
“Ah, so it was just the cashews. I brought some medication,” Howard said, visibly relieved. As long as it wasn’t anything serious, food allergy was manageable. 
Moreover, Joe’s being awake now indicated that his resistance was stronger than before. If 
this had happened in the past, not only would he have passed out, but he would also have broken out in hives. 
###chapter1122
 1129
The treatments over the past few years had worked. 
Skylar had never heard Joe mention any allergies, but thinking back to when they were married, she realized they never really ate nuts when they had meals together. 
Now that she had thought about it, she remembered that she was the only one who had ever 
eaten the nuts at home. 
“He scared me! I’ve clearly watched too many TV shows, and I thought someone had drugged him. It’s my fault. If I had known it was just an allergic reaction, I would’ve gotten someone to 
fetch the medicine sooner.” Lizzie looked a bit embarrassed. 
Because of how Lizzie had described the situation, Rowan had rushed over, and Skylar had worried for half the night. 
As Joe lay on the bed, Howard quickly and expertly prepared and administered the injection for his allergic reaction. 
Skylar and the others wait outside. 
Paul stifled a yawn and said, “I admit, I’ve been thinking up some conspiracy theories myself. Honestly, I was surprised they didn’t pull anything tonight. Something just feels off. But when I really think about it, they need Joe to keep up appearances.” 
“They want more than just appearances. Tonight’s event was their way of showing all the guests that their relationship with Joe remains as strong as ever. And so, everyone should treat them
accordingly.” Lizzie snorted. 
After making her deal with Joe, Lizzie learned a bit more about the Martin family dynamics. She had heard some rumors before, but now that she had all the pieces, it was clear what was going on. It was similar to her own family. 
Outsiders envied them for being part of wealthy families, but they had no idea about the struggles they had to endure behind closed doors. 
Skylar looked at two of them and asked, “Was there anything strange at the banquet tonight?” 
“Strange?” Lizzie raised an eyebrow. “The strangest thing was Joe passing out from a nut allergy.” 
Paul couldn’t help but twitch at her words. “You’re pretty bold, poking fun at Mr. Martin like that.” 
“I’m just stating facts, not mocking him.” Lizzie shrugged. 
She knew that he wouldn’t care about a few jokes as long as she didn’t steal Skylar away from Joe. 
Paul turned to Skylar. “If you’re talking about strange things, Mr. Claudio was acting odd. After Mr. Martin went to the guest room to rest, Mr. Claudio suddenly claimed he was drunk 
and went upstairs too. 
“Normally, he loves being in the spotlight. If Mr. Martin isn’t around, Mr. Claudio always seizes the chance to show off, but tonight he didn’t.” 
“Could it be that they deliberately had the chef put crushed nuts in the food?” Lizzie speculated. 
Paul nodded thoughtfully. “That’s possible. They wouldn’t dare do anything openly, but they could’ve pulled some petty, nasty stunt behind the scenes.” 
Skylar lowered her gaze in thought. 
A few hours ago, Claudio called her, and his tone was even more arrogant than the last time. The Martin family members were all a handful. 
“What are you thinking about, Mrs. Martin? Do you suspect Mr. Claudio of stirring things up behind the scenes?” Paul asked. 
Lizzie also turned her attention to Skylar. “You’re not still worried about Mr. Martin, are you? Dr. Grey is treating him, and he will be fine.” 
She had to admit that Joe was quite fortunate. 
He had someone like Skylar by his side, someone he truly trusted. 
Skylar glanced at the two of them. “Claudio called me a few hours ago.” 
“He called you? What did he want?” Paul looked surprised. 
Lizzie had a sudden thought. “Could it be that he’s got his eye on you? Maybe he thinks Joe’s abandoned you, and now he’s swooping in?” 
Paul’s face darkened with anger. “That guy’s got some nerve.” 
If Joe had discovered this, Claudio wouldn’t have had a good time anytime soon. 
Before Skylar could respond, Rowan came out of the bathroom, having overheard most of the 
conversation. 
He scoffed. “Claudio is a piece of work. I’ve heard from some friends that he’s been running his mouth, saying Joe’s woman will soon be his. The nerve of that guy.” 
“Ridiculous! What a piece of –” Paul crushed under his breath. 
Rowan walked over to Skylar and looked at her. If he calls you again, just tell him to get lost.” 
Skylar nodded. “I will.” 
After thinking for a moment, she turned to Paul and said, “Look into Claudio. Something’s not 
r 1129 
right with him.” 
Paul nodded gravely. “I’ll get someone o
###chapter1123
 1130
Joe rarely showed his weaknesses in front of others. Many people believed him to be unyielding, an immovable force. Yet at that moment, as Skylar looked at him lying weakly on the bed, his face pale, and a wave of indescribable emotions washed over her. 
“Are you feeling any better?” 
Allergies could cause discomfort, and the fact that Joe passed out due to a food allergy indicated he was suffering some pain. 
Joe’s voice was filled with an air of vulnerability as he looked at her and said, “I’m hungry.” 
“What do you want to eat?” The refrigerator was stocked with various foods so Skylar could whip up whatever he craved. 
Joe thought seriously for a moment. “Pasta.” 
“Okay, you rest while I make some. Paul and the others are still outside. Do you need to speak with them? If not, I’ll have them head home to rest,” Skylar said. 
She glanced at the time. It was already 1:00 am. 
Joe nodded. As Skylar turned to leave, he suddenly grabbed her hand. She turned back, a bit 
startled. 
She asked, her voice urgent, “Is there something else bothering you? Should I call Dr. Grey in? 
The lingering heaviness in Joe’s heart dissipated under the bright light of her worry. “You’re really worried about me,” he said softly. 
Realizing he held a place in her heart made him feel lighter, as if something sweet was floating 
inside him. 
Skylar said, “Of course. If you feel unwell, you must tell me.” 
“I’m fine now. Don’t worry. Just let them go.” 
They would just feel like third wheels if they stayed here. He found their presence bothersome. 
After leaving the underground parking lot, Lizzie and the others went their separate ways. However, Paul decided to accompany Lizzie. 
Lizzie was a night owl. The later it got, the more alert she became. 
Although Paul had come to escort Lizzie, she was the one driving. She hadn’t had any drinks, while Paul had indulged earlier and was now yawning continuously. 
Lizzie glanced at him while waiting at a red light. “How did you even get to this point? It’s not even 2:00 am, and you’re already this tired.” 
“I’m just relying on my skills,” Paul replied, stifling a yawn with a slightly defensive tone. 
Lizzie chuckled. “Right, it’s all about your skills. 
“On a serious note, you and Joe will be breaking off your engagement soon. What are your plans after that?” Paul asked. 
He sensed that Lizzie seemed a bit lost, like a shell of her former self. 
She seemed to be merely going through the motions, looking polished on the outside but lacking the brightness and conviction she had in college. 
“What plans could I have? I’ll just keep playing my violin.” 
Paul yawned again, glancing out the window. There were hardly any cars on the road. Under the night sky, the streets appeared desolate, much like the vibe Lizzie was giving off. “A year ago, I saw Muriel Sandoval. She doesn’t seem to be doing well.” 
Lizzie slammed on the brakes, catching Paul off guard as his phone slipped from his hands and fell with a thud. 
“What’s with the big reaction? Haven’t they been separated for years?” Paul wondered. 
“What is she doing for a living?” Lizzie kept her gaze fixed on the road, lost in her thoughts. Paul didn’t hold back. “After dropping out, she didn’t return to her hometown. She stayed in Jipsburg. I heard her dad went to prison, and she’s living with her mom. 
“The last time I saw her, she was selling handmade bracelets at a night market. We chatted briefly, but she was busy, so I didn’t want to intrude.” 
Lizzie gripped the steering wheel tightly, her gaze fixed ahead. “Selling handmade bracelets?” 
###chapter1124
 1131
Paul added, “Muriel dropped out of college and never graduated, let alone went abroad for further studies. It’s indeed tough for her to find a good job. Oh, I almost forgot. She mentioned she sometimes works part–time at night, selling goods at a night market. She probably has other jobs too.” 
However, after entering society and encountering various types of people, Paul could easily discern someone’s state from their demeanor. 
It was clear that these past few years hadn’t treated Muriel well. 
If she had graduated back then and pursued further studies abroad, she could have returned as a jewelry designer, leading a completely different life than the one she was living. 
But life didn’t have “ifs“. 
Paul noted that Lizzie had stopped asking questions, realizing she was probably moving on. After all, several years had passed. Even if she couldn’t let go back then, time would help her 
move on. 
However, after half an hour, when Lizzie dropped Paul off at his doorstep, she suddenly asked, “Which night market?” 
“What?” 
Lizzie looked at him. “Which night market did you run into Muriel?” 
Paul was taken aback. “You… never mind, it’s at the Starlit Market. But you 
at this hour. It’s probably closed.” 
Lizzie didn’t respond. She pressed the gas pedal and drove away. 
shouldn’t go 
there 
As he watched the car disappear around the corner, Paul suddenly realized what he had done. He had just said something he shouldn’t have. 
He shrugged off the thought. What was done was done. 
The next morning, just after 8:00 am, Skylar woke up to find Joe still asleep. 
She quietly left the bedroom after observing him and confirming he was fine. 
She went to the kitchen and made some simple chicken soup, heating a few blueberry muffins. She didn’t cook anything else; she just added some marinated olives on the side. 
It was a simple breakfast. Once finished, she settled on the couch to wait for Joe to wake up, casually browsing through the news. 
Joe and Lizzie were caught on camera attending a banquet at the Avalon Residence. The media was abuzz with colorful descriptions of their relationships. 
One had to admire the reporters. Their writing was impressive. If someone unaware of the truth read those detailed accounts of romance, they would genuinely believe it was real. 
In the past few days, the media had somewhat uncovered every detail, even pinpointing when the two of them had met and when they had gone out together. 
These people had no shame, all for the sake of attention. 
Just as she was about to log off Facebook, another headline caught her eye. Vera was sitting alone in a café, sipping coffee, her long hair flowing and her lips painted a striking red. 
It was hard not to notice. The heiress of the Ruell family was nursing her heartbreak, lost in her thoughts over a cup of coffee. 
What a coincidence that was. Just as Skylar took in Vera’s news, her phone rang. It was Vera calling. 
She picked up immediately. 
Vera asked, “Skylar, do you have time to grab lunch together?” 
Skylar wasn’t interested. “Sorry, I’ve been really busy lately.” 
Vera pressed on, “Did you see the news?” 
“What news are you talking about?” 
“Joe and Lizzie went to Avalon Residence together. They were seen arriving and leaving as a lovely couple. You’ve been married to Joe for so long, yet no one in Jipsburg knows you exist. Aren’t you upset?” Vera’s voice was slightly elevated. 
Skylar replied calmly, “How I feel isn’t important. If there’s nothing else, I’ll hang up.” 
“Wait! I know you’re not with Mr. Gardner Senior’s team anymore. If you’re looking for a job, I can offer you a position with another team focused on antique restoration. With your skills, you’d be valued much more there than with Mr. Gardner Senior’s team.” Vera tempted her. 
###chapter1125
 1132
This job opportunity was incredibly tempting for someone who had just lost their job. Skylar glanced upstairs. It was quiet, and Joe was still asleep. 
Skylar was also curious about Vera’s true intentions in offering such favorable terms. She said, “If you have something to say, just tell me directly over the phone.” 
Vera replied, “It’s better to discuss this in person. You’re not heading to work right now, so you have time, don’t you?” 
Skylar raised an eyebrow. “If you can’t say it over the phone, then forget it.” 
Even if she had the time, she wasn’t interested in meeting Vera. She just couldn’t bring herself 
to like her. 
“Fine, we can talk on the phone. I want to know if you’re feeling resentful right now. You might have been kept in the dark since the moment you married Joe. 
“He has been protecting Lizzie behind your back. Now that he no longer needs you, he’s divorcing you while flaunting his relationship with Lizzie. Don’t you want them to pay for deceiving you?” Vera’s tone was full of indignation. 
The implication in her words was that Skylar was the one being deceived. Skylar curled her lips in a faint smirk. “What do you want them to pay for?” 
“If you stand up and admit that you were married to Joe and that he abandoned you, it would show everyone that Joe and Lizzie’s fairytale romance is built on the suffering of others. It’s utterly hypocritical,” Vera said. 
Her tone was somewhat agitated, even more passionate than before. Clearly, she had seen the trending news today. 
The love story between Joe and Lizzie had indeed been packaged as a fairytale, making it seem so desirable. In real life, perfect love was something everyone envied. 
Skylar found Vera a bit amusing. “If I really did that, what benefit would I gain?” 
“I’ll meet any conditions you propose.” In Vera’s view, she believed that Skylar was on her 
side. 
Each time this news surfaced, it was like a slap in her face. She had lost her dignity in front of others and even in her own family. 
Her parents had criticized her. They told her the decision to go abroad had been a mistake, wasting her time and giving others opportunities to take advantage of her. 
Not only were they regretting it, but after Joe’s attitude toward her grew colder with each passing day, her regrets deepened even more. 
Even though Molly had made some promises to her, Vera felt deep down that nothing would truly change. Skylar’s situation was nearly the same, so using her to achieve some ives would make Vera feel more at ease. 
It would also show that there was no fairytale story between Joe and Lizzie. A wave of annoyance washed over her whenever she saw their news and stories. 
After seeing the news that morning, she hadn’t been able to eat a single bite for breakfast. 
“Have you received any negative items recently?” Skylar noticed something was off. Vera’s demeanor today was different from her usual self. It was as if she was lacking rationality. 
It reminded her of the last time Vera had suddenly shown up at the mall, babbling nonsensically in front of her and Natalie. 
Sometimes, negative items could affect a person’s judgment and reasoning. Vera’s current 
state felt all too similar. 
Vera replied, “Why are you bringing up negative items? I don’t know what you’re talking about. Just answer me–do you want to expose the truth?” 
Skylar frowned. Vera was usually smart, and she had witnessed firsthand the dangers that negative items could bring to herself and her family. 
Skylar wondered why she would willingly invite that kind of trouble into her life. She had no intention of continuing this conversation. 
“Don’t call me again, Vera. Not everyone in this world is as foolish as you think,” she replied coldly. 
Skylar understood what Vera was trying to do. She was trying to use Skylar as a weapon 
against Joe and Lizzie. If she could wield it effectively, she could achieve her goals. If not, Vera wouldn’t lose anything either. 
###chapter1126
 1133
Skylar thought Vera’s plan was good, but it seemed Vera never considered that Skylar might willingly allow herself to be used by her. 
It seemed that the news of Joe and Lizzie’s engagement, coupled with media coverage, had triggered Vera, making her increasingly irrational. 
Vera slammed her phone down. “What a bold move, Skylar!” 
She wondered who had given Skylar the confidence and courage to act this way. 
Even after Joe had discarded her and Alexander had kicked her out of the team, she still seemed to remain ever so proud. She dared to hang up on her and even refused to listen. 
Vera had offered her generous conditions, yet Skylar was still unsatisfied. “Isn’t she being too greedy? Does she want money? Or is she foolish enough to hope for a reconciliation with Joe? Ridiculous! 
“What does she think Joe is? Joe has been able to keep his relationship with Lizzie hidden from everyone for so long, so how could he possibly go back to her? Joe even used me as a shield for Lizzie. I’m nothing but a joke now.” 
The more she thought about it, the more her emotions spiraled out of control, fueling her anger. She quickly headed downstairs and drove out. 
She arrived at Moran Residence. 
Upon seeing Vera, the maid immediately said, “Mrs. Martin is out for a few days, Ms. Ruell. If you need anything, you can call her directly.” 
That was Molly’s instruction. She really didn’t want to see Vera, who had been coming by frequently. In truth, Molly was at home right now. 
Vera glanced at the villa with a cold expression and said, “I’ve come here three times, and she isn’t home each time. Is it just a coincidence? Or is she deliberately avoiding me?” 
On the phone, Molly had various excuses to deal with her. Sometimes, she would hang up, claiming the signal was terrible after just a few words. 
If Vera couldn’t tell that Molly was purposely avoiding her by now, she would truly be foolish. 
“That’s impossible. Mrs. Martin has been extremely busy these past few days. Both she and Mr. Martin are out,” the maid quickly replied. 
Vera scoffed and pulled out her phone to find Molly’s WhatsApp. 
“Mrs. Martin, if I don’t see you today, I guarantee there will be scandalous news all over 
Jipsburg about you and that pretty boy tomorrow. My purpose in meeting you is simple. I want. that statue you have in my house taken away. I don’t want it anymore!” 
She didn’t dare touch that statue. For some reason, whenever she thought about sending it away, a terrible headache would strike her, and she would even have nightmares. 
Now that she was out of the house and had called Skylar, the mention of a negative item made her break into a cold sweat. The statue must be a negative item. 
It would be fine if it had some use, but the fact was that it didn’t. It only made her head throb. There might be more trouble down the line, and she definitely couldn’t keep such a ticking time bomb close
by. 
Molly hadn’t replied to her message. 
She wasn’t in a hurry anyway. After all, she had dirt on Molly. In Jipsburg, ruining Molly would be a piece of cake. 
She just hadn’t wanted to completely sever ties until now. 
Skylar waited until 10:00 am, and then Joe finally woke up. 
He walked down the stairs, looking somewhat haggard and pale. 
Special Halloween Treat: More Coins, More Thrills! 
Claim 
###chapter1127
 1134
Joe asked, “Have you been waiting for me?” 
“I haven’t been awake for long. I made some chicken soup. Do you want some now?” She headed toward the kitchen, and Joe followed close behind. 
Joe stood just behind her in the kitchen. Neither spoke, yet there was a peaceful and calm atmosphere between them. 
Skylar handed him a bowl of chicken soup, their eyes meeting briefly. They shared a small 
smile. 
An hour later, Howard arrived, giving Joe a quick check–up. Once he confirmed everything was fine, he left. 
Not long after, Paul showed up with a few contracts. They were documents Joe needed to review and sign that day. 
Joe went straight to the study to get to work. He was finally done by 3:00 pm. 
Later, they cooked dinner together at home. Just like that, the day passed. 
Before bed, they spoke on the phone with Gloria. Then, Skylar got a call from Alexander, who had a job for her to look into the next day. 
The next morning, Joe fully recovered and went back to work while Skylar went to meet 
Alexander. 
His friend had contacted Frank, hoping to get Alexander’s help finding Skylar. They had sought her out for help identifying whether any of the family’s antiques were linked to negative items. 
In their circle, people were passionate about collecting antiques. However, with the recent surge in cases involving negative items, collectors were growing increasingly anxious. 
The elder’s collection wasn’t large. After examining ten or so pictures, Skylar concluded there was nothing wrong with them. 
Nevertheless, the elder insisted on transferring her a fee for her services. 
“The person 
behind the negative items has gone quiet recently. I had people investigate 
Kevin, but news has yet to come up. 
“It’s been too long, and those from the older generation who might have known about Viola having a brother are no longer around.” Alexander sighed with a hint of sadness. 
Worrying that the conversation would upset him, Skylar reassured him. “We’ll figure it out. He’s secretly made moves for so long that he’ll slip up eventually. Moreover, we’ve already confirmed that Molly is one of his people. If we follow her trail, we’ll get some answer.” 
“True,” Alexander replied. 
“If this person doesn’t reveal themselves soon, Joe will take action against Molly. But it’s possible she’s just being used and may not even know who’s behind everything. 
“We’ll take it one step at a time. Now that everyone thinks you and Joe are divorced, you have a chance to rest for a while. Once you’re ready, you can return to work,” he added. 
At his age, Alexander knew that no one in his family was capable of carrying on his legacy, so he had already decided to leave it all to Skylar. 
Without Viola back then, Alexander wouldn’t even be here today. Leaving everything to Skylar felt like paying it forward for Viola’s kindness. 
But he couldn’t tell her yet–she would refuse. First, he needed to get his will in order. 
After leaving Gardner Group, Skylar met up with Minerva. Minerva had reserved a table at a restaurant, and they arrived almost at the same time. 
They had just sat down and hadn’t even ordered when someone walked toward them–it was 
Rowan. 
“What a coincidence,” he said with a smile. 
Minerva’s face turned cold the moment she saw Rowan, and completely ignored him. Rowan’s smile froze in place, and his expression shifted awkwardly. 
The situation became tense quickly. 
###chapter1128
 1135
Skylar could only reply, “What a coincidence.” 
“Can I join you?” Rowan asked. 
Minerva didn’t even look up, decisively rejecting him, “It’s not really convenient.” 
Rowan stared at Minerva briefly before finally smiling and said, “I’ll treat you both some 
other day. I have something to attend to, so I’ll be leaving now.” 
As he walked away, he cast one last reluctant glance at Minerva. Unfortunately, she didn’t spare him a single look the entire time. 
“Great, he ruined my good mood. Jipsburg is so big. How could we run into him here?” Minerva frowned, clearly affected by Rowan’s sudden appearance. 
Skylar hesitated, unsure how to mention Rowan with Minerva. To Minerva, Rowan was 
definitely a bastard. However, Rowan was a friend to Skylar. 
Sensing that she had said something inappropriate and wanting to avoid making Skylar uncomfortable, Minerva quickly changed the subject. She asked, “Shall we order the food? 
“Sure.” 
Both of them drove themselves, opting not to drink alcohol and instead having some freshly squeezed juice. 
As they neared the end of their meal, Minerva told Skylar, “I’m going abroad to study in a bit. 
I’ll be gone for two or three years.” 
“Really? That’s so sudden.” The last time they met, Minerva mentioned wanting to leave Jipsburg because she was preparing to study abroad. Skylar hadn’t expected it to happen so quickly. 
Minerva nodded. “I think it’s sudden too. It feels like fate. Leaving Jipsburg now is good for me. A change in the environment will help clear my head. 
“But we’ve only just gotten to know each other, and now I’ll be leaving Jipsburg. Don’t forget 
about me over the next two years. Let’s keep in touch.” 
She felt a pang of reluctance to part with Skylar. She wished they had met a few years earlier, but given her situation now, studying abroad was her only solution. 
Since Rowan and Jenny had broken up, her family reconnected with the Rowan family. With Rowan’s ambiguous attitude, both families believed there was still a chance for them. 
Previously, she hadn’t been opposed to her family’s arranged unions. But after everything that 
had happened, she felt a deep–seated resistance. 
She was also afraid of her wavering feelings. Rowan was the type of guy who toyed with women’s feelings, and there was nothing worth holding onto there. 
Yet, sometimes, she found herself reminiscing about their time together. 
Indeed, matters of the heart could make one lose their sanity. She didn’t want to fall into such a quagmire, so leaving was the best choice. 
Skylar couldn’t help but feel reluctant about Minerva’s departure. “Have you set a date for when you’re leaving?” 
“Next week. I’ll head over a little early.” 
“Best of luck with your studies. I hope everything goes smoothly for you while you’re abroad.” 
“Thank you.” 
Inside a café, Vera finally met Molly. 
Molly was stunning by nature, and her upbringing only enhanced her elegance. She carried the demeanor of a refined lady. 
Even though her relationship with Edwin wasn’t as harmonious as people claimed, she appeared completely unaffected. 
She seemed to be in good spirits. In contrast, Vera, who was only over 20 years old, appeared somewhat worn out. 
Vera still bore the traces of dark circles under her eyes. So when she saw that Molly was doing so well, anger surged within her. “So, you finally decided to meet me. 
Molly sipped her coffee, seemingly ignoring Vera’s fury. “I’ve been really busy these past few days. I didn’t mean to avoid you, Ms. Ruell.” 
“You know very well whether you’re avoiding me on purpose. I no longer want the statue from my home, so please take it back. From now on, we have nothing to do with each other.” 
Vera pressed her temples, unsure if it was just her imagination. But every time she mentioned not wanting the statue, a headache would begin to throb. 
She hadn’t slept well the night before. 
Molly raised an eyebrow. “The statue is yours now. I can’t take it back. Besides, you have a connection with it. As long as you truly venerate it, your wishes will be fulfilled in due time. If you give it away or throw it out now, it will backfire on you.” 
###chapter1129
 1136
Vera exploded when she heard Molly’s words. 
“What did you just say?” 
Molly sighed lightly, “If you had told me from the beginning that Joe never really said he liked you and that he had feelings for someone else, I would never have given you such an expensive statue. But now, it’s yours.‘ 
“Joe’s change of heart has nothing to do with me! You haven’t fulfilled a single one of your promises! Didn’t you say the statue won’t affect me? Now, every time I look at it, I get a headache! And I haven’t even had any chance to see Joe! 
“Neither the ring nor the statue worked at all. You tricked me! Mrs. Martin, how dare you manipulate me like this!” Vera fumed. 
Molly signed again in exasperation. “Hey, you can’t say that. When did I ever lie to you? 
“When you wore the ring, Joe did treat you differently. But the truth is, you just don’t measure up to Lizzie. Neither the statue nor the ring are magical items that can make someone who doesn’t like you fall for you.” 
Molly was undeniably eloquent and quick–witted. With just a few words, she completely absolved herself of any blame and shifted it onto Vera. 
Vera felt her face flush with anger after hearing Molly’s words. 
“Don’t play word games with me! My request is simple. Get rid of the statue for me! Otherwise, I’ll assume you have malicious intentions, using this cursed to harm me and my family. You
know the consequences of angering my family, right?” Vera threatened in a cold tone, fear creeping into her heart. 
She was truly errified now! How could she have been so out of her senses to accept such an item from Molly? 
However, Molly maintained her stance. “I can’t help you with that. I’ve made it clear when I gave it to you that it would grant your wish but wouldn’t bring any harm to your family. You can find someone to destroy it if you don’t want it anymore. 
容 
“But take my advice, keeping the statue won’t harm you. In Jipsburg, Skylar is the only person who can help you destroy it. But it’s likely that she won’t help you.” 
“Do you think I’d still trust you now?” Vera’s tone was icy. 
Molly hadn’t expected Vera to calm down so quickly, especially given how powerful the statue’s influence was. It caught her off guard. 
“If you don’t trust me, I can do nothing.” 
“I’ll make sure you can’t live in Jipsburg anymore in an hour!” Vera roared, filled with rage. 
She couldn’t let Molly get away with this. No one had ever dared to toy with her like this. Plus, after putting her in such a situation, Skylar was the only person who could help her. 
But, given her current relationship with Skylar, she couldn’t possibly ask her for help. 
Skylar would probably demand an outrageous price and even mock her for making another mistake. 
Vera couldn’t bear that embarrassment. 
Molly frowned in annoyance as well. “Ms. Ruell, you’re being completely unreasonable. 
you that 
“You asked me for the statue, and I warned you not to treat it lightly. I’ve also told the statue will grant your wish. But you’re expecting instant results? Not even god could do that!” 
“There’s no point in saying all that. Do you really think I’d still believe in you?” Vera had already decided, so Molly had to pay the price. 
If Molly hadn’t approached her in the first place, leading her step by step into this mess, Vera wouldn’t be in such a situation now. 
Even her parents were criticizing her for being reckless and irresponsible. 
“If you 
don’t believe me, then there’s nothing I can do. By the way, I’ve recorded our recent phone conversations, including this one. 
“If rumors about me spread in Jipsburg, don’t expect to come out of this unscathed, Ms. Ruell. It’s getting late. I’ll be heading home now.” 
Molly dropped her fa?ade of politeness, stood up and left. 
Her words “it Vera hard. Vera had never imagined that Molly would be so despicable. 
So, the only person who could help her now was Skylar? 
Her face turned pale when she thought of that. 
However, Vera gritted her teeth. She might really have to seek Skylar for help after all. 
After Vera left the café and walked toward the parking lot, she saw a car suddenly speeding toward Molly; Molly was standing by the roadside waiting for her car. 
At that moment, her eyes widened, and she shouted instinctively, “A car’s coming! Get out of the way!” 
###chapter1130
 1137
Molly was on the phone and didn’t hear Vera’s warning. She also didn’t notice the approaching speeding car. 
And just like that, the car hit her. 
A streak of blood flowed through the air as Molly’s body flew into the air before crashing 
heavily to the ground. 
Everything happened so fast. 
Vera’s face turned pale as she witnessed the scene. 
Skylar heard about Molly’s accident an hour later. 
The video of the accident was already trending online, and almost everyone could see it. 
Molly didn’t make it to the hospital, and she passed away on the way. 
The accident happened too quickly, and the driver was arrested on the spot. They said the 
driver was drunk. 
It seemed like a tragic accident, but Skylar felt something was not right. Joe had just called her, and now Molly was suddenly dead. 
Though shocking, it didn’t have much of an impact. The person they suspected was very cautious. Each call with Molly had been through internet–based services, making them 
untraceable. 
Moreover, Molly had never met this person in Jipsburg. Any packages she received were always sent without a return address. 
But now, 
e needed to meet Edwin to go through all of Molly’s belongings. Skylar couldn’t 
afford to be seen at the moment. 
Just then, Vera called Skylar. 
“I was there when Molly’s accident happened. I met her at the café today. We had some dealings— would you be interested?” Vera asked. 
Then, Skylar replied, “I’m not interested in your business with her.” 
“I’m giving you a chance to make some money, but you’re turning it down? 
“Molly gave me a statue, but it’s cursed. She promised me that my wishes would come true if I 
accepted it. But you can imagine the result–I was deceived. Can you help me get rid of the statue? Just name your price.” 
Vera had already come to terms with the situation. Molly was dead, and no amount of anger would change that. 
Skylar paused for a moment before saying, “Send me a photo of the statue. I’ll take a look.” 
“Alright.” 
A few minutes later, Vera sent a photo. 
Skylar examined it and frowned. 
It was indeed a cursed , but at the same time, it wasn’t. The statue could instill a belief that wishes would come true, but it was only that a belief. 
It wasn’t dangerous or life–threatening. Keeping it around wouldn’t do any harm. 
It seemed like the person behind this didn’t intend to harm Vera after all. 
Just as Skylar was lost in thought, Rowan called. 
“Skylar, is it true that Minerva is going to study abroad?” he asked. 
Skylar replied, “Yes, she told me.” 
“She’s going to cut ties with me, isn’t she? Am I really that much of a jerk? She said she’d 
never forgive me, didn’t she?” Rowan’s voice trembled slightly. 
###chapter1131
 1138
Rowan’s behavior showed he either couldn’t let go of Minerva or felt guilty toward her. 
“Minerva has her own aspirations,” Skylar said. 
Rowan’s voice softened, as if he was crying or deeply upset. “I was really a jerk. I chased after my so–called crush and ended up hurting Minerva. She has no reason to forgive me so easily and doesn’t have to.” 
Skylar didn’t know how to comfort him. After all, it was his fault. He didn’t cherish Minerva when he had the chance, only to regret it after hurting her deeply and then expecting forgiveness. 
How was that possible? Some people might easily forgive such hurt, but Minerva was clearly not one of them. If Skylar were in her shoes, she wouldn’t forgive Rowan either. He deserved it. 
Realizing Skylar wasn’t responding, Rowan caught on that he had lost his composure, However, he had no one else to turn to and knew that Skylar was close to Minerva. 
Then, Rowan added awkwardly, “I can wait for her, no matter how long. If need be, I’ll study abroad too.” 
Skylar became exasperated and didn’t know what to say. “I’ve got things to do. Think it through yourself, and don’t hurt Minerva again.” 
Despite everything, she felt the need to give him this advice. 
Rowan just responded, “I wouldn’t dare hurt her again. I just want her to forgive me. Also, don’t plan on marrying anyone else I’ll wait for her!” 
— 
Skylar’s lips twitched in disbelief. She was relieved Rowan was talking to her and not to Minerva. If she heard his words, she might have rolled her eyes. 
After hanging up, Skylar called Vera. She answered almost immediately. 
“Well? Can you help me? Name your price.” 
Skylar replied, “One million. The statue is indeed cursed, but it’s not too dangerous. It won’t kill you, but it won’t grant your wishes either. At most, you’ll run into some bad luck.” 
“Really? You’re not lying to me?” Vera sounded doubtful. 
Skylar then replied, “Find someone else if you don’t believe me. I’ve got other things to do.” 
In truth, Skylar didn’t like Vera and preferred to avoid dealing with her. If it weren’t for the cursed statue, she wouldn’t care about Vera’s situation at all. 
“Wait! I trust you. You’re the only one I can rely on. I don’t want to keep this cursed thing for another day. Can you help me today? I’ll transfer the money to you right now,” Vera said 
urgently. 
She hadn’t expected Molly to be right. While the statue wasn’t harmful, just knowing it was cursed made her feel uneasy whenever she thought about or saw it. 
Furthermore, Skylar’s asking price was surprisingly reasonable. Getting rid of such a heavy burden for that price seemed like a good deal. 
“Bring the statue to the library on Cedar Road. We’ll meet in an hour,” Skylar said, setting the meeting point. 
Vera had initially wanted Skylar to come to her house as she didn’t want to leave. 
After witnessing Molly’s car accident, the scene had left her shaken, and she had developed a lingering sense of fear. 
But Skylar was firm, so Vera had no choice but to go out. Fortunately, the library wasn’t far from her house. 
An hour later, Skylar arrived at the library. After parking, she went inside. 
Vera arrived a few minutes later. 
###chapter1132
 1139
Skylar and Vera met on the third floor of the library. 
Vera’s face was pale, and she only removed her face mask after entering the library and seeing Skylar. 
Fortunately, there weren’t many people in the library today, and no one paid attention to what others were doing. 
The statue wasn’t large and had been carried in Vera’s backpack. 
It was a smiling statue, but there were some strange markings on its hands and stomach, so Skylar examined it closely. 
As she stared intently at the statue without speaking, Vera grew anxious. “Is something wrong?” she asked. 
She had been told that the cursed statue wasn’t that dangerous, only causing some bad luck. But now, seeing Skylar’s serious expression, she felt uneasy. 
“There is indeed something unusual. The photo you sent me didn’t capture the patterns on its feet,” Skylar said while carefully inspecting the intricate markings on the feet. It was different from those on its stomach and hands. 
The markings on the feet were eerie, like some kind of symbol, twisted and overlapping. 
‘‘I didn’t notice that,” Vera said as she followed Skylar’s gaze to the faint patterns. The strange markings made her heart race uncontrollably. 
“Let me take another look,” Skylar said, still unable to fully understand the statue’s significance. 
The craftsmanship was rough, likely from the Wiktorian era. When she first touched it, she didn’t sense anything harmful, which led her to conclude that it wasn’t dangerous. 
But now, reconsidering Vera’s recent drastic personality changes, it seemed the statue might be influencing her. 
Vera’s nerves were on edge. Skylar suddenly asked while examining the statue, “Did Molly ever mention who the original owner of this statue or ring was?” 
“No. I asked her before, but she only said it belonged to a highly respected elder whom she rarely met. By the way, I think today’s car accident was strange. The car didn’t seem to have accidentally hit her–it felt intentional. Even if the driver was drunk, they should’ve tried to brake, right? But the driver kept pressing the accelerator until they hit Molly.” Vera found herself unexpectedly calm while talking to Skylar 
Perhaps it was because Skylar had divorced Joe; they shared a similar fate, creating a mutual 
understanding. For the first time in a while, Vera felt some peace. Lately, she hadn’t experienced any calmness. 
Skylar frowned. She felt that Viola coincidental. 
recent death and Molly’s sudden car accident were too 
Someone wanted Molly dead, or perhaps they feared she knew too much. As for Viola, she had foreseen her own death. 
Joe would likely uncover some truths soon, and the police would investigate further, so these matters weren’t hers to worry about for now. 
What concerned her was the statue in front of her, which puzzled her. 
“This statue isn’t really dangerous, is it? I shouldn’t have trusted Molly in the first place. I was so out of it, and she managed to trick her with just a few words,” Vera said regretfully. 
Skylar turned the statue over to examine the back. Then, she looked up and asked, “Have you been sleeping poorly lately?” 
Vera nodded vigorously. “Yes! Every time I close my eyes, I feel restless and agitated. I can’t calm down, and I barely get three hours of sleep a night.” 
“That makes sense. This statue will gradually make you irritable and unable to stay calm. On top of that, as you encounter more bad luck, the negative energy around you increases, and the good fortune you once had is absorbed by the statue and transferred to its true owner, Skylar said, feeling increasingly uneasy as she spoke. 
Special Halloween Treat: More Coins, More Thrills! 
###chapter1133
 1140
Claim 
In the end, the statue was an that stole people’s fortune. 
Vera was born into a wealthy family and had many things that most people could never attain in a lifetime. So, she naturally had good fortune. Taking her luck and using it for oneself could not only change one’s destiny but also prolong one’s life. 
“What? So vicious? I had no grudge against Molly, and she did this to me! She deserved to die! “Vera was furious. 
No wonder she found it harder and harder to control her emotions lately–it was all because 
someone had plotted against her. 
When Molly died in the car accident earlier, she had even felt sorry for her. But now, realizing 
that Molly had set such a huge trap for her, she was enraged. 
Thinking back calmly, she realized that from the first day she put on the ring Molly gave her, her thoughts had felt like they were being controlled, growing increasingly more obsessive. 
She had always been proud and determined to win over Joe, but she had never been this 
irrational. 
Recalling her recent actions, everything seemed completely unreasonable. It sent chills down her spine. She had truly disgraced her family. 
Skylar looked at Vera. “The fortune you lost can’t be returned. So, just do more charity to build up merit for yourself. Otherwise, you will have bad luck.” 
This wasn’t just a warning. Vera’s greed when dealing with Molly had led to this. Now, she had 
to pay the price for that greed. 
Skylar couldn’t change what had already happened, but handling the statue now was her chance to help Vera fix things. 
Vera furrowed her brows. “Molly was too cruel!” 
Skylar wrapped the statue back up and placed a charm inside. Then, she prepared to leave with 
1. it. 
Before leaving, she told Vera, “You should move to a different place.” 
Vera nodded. She had plenty of properties and didn’t care about losing one. 
As Skylar was about to leave, Vera bit her lip, hesitant to speak, but eventually blurted out, ” Skylar, I can understand how you feel now. Honestly, Joe leaving you was really his loss. I’ve seen and investigated Lizzie–she’s not quite your match. I can accept losing to you, but I just can’t accept losing to her.” 
Her words implied that they were now both in the same unfortunate situation. So, Skylar 
couldn’t help but find it both amusing and exasperating. 
Vera’s personality was hard to describe, but at that moment, she showed a side of hers that Skylar found almost endearing. 
“Just do more charity from now on,” Skylar advised. That was all she had to say. Whatever Vera did next was no longer her concern. 
Vera nodded but didn’t seem to take the advice seriously. Doing charity was simple enough for her. She could sponsor a few impoverished students in the mountains, donate to some orphanages, and attend charity galas. 
That would be suffice. 
After leaving the library, Skylar took the statue with her and got into her car. 
On the way home, Joe called to say he would be home soon and that they could discuss Molly’s 
situation there. 
She listened to the radio for a while on the road. 
The news also covered Molly’s car accident. After all, she was a former movie star from over 20 years ago and the stepmother of the current CEO of Martin Group. The accident attracted a lot of attention. 
The police investigation and the driver’s interrogation led to a preliminary conclusion of drunk driving. 
However, some eyewitnesses questioned whether it had been an accident. Many believed it was murder. 
There were so many voices raising suspicions that even the radio host was beginning to ask questions. 
###chapter1134
 1141
So, Molly’s case might end up with a different result than the originally thought car accident. 
Skylar saw that Joe had already returned once she entered the house. 
“Aiken found out some things about Molly. Her elder sister was killed in bed by Edwin and a few others. But they handled it secretly, making sure Grandma never knew. So, Molly married Edwin to get revenge, turning him into a complete wreck.” 
When Joe spoke about Edwin, he directly used the word wreck, showing just how much he despised and loathed his father. 
Even without Molly, Edwin was never a decent person to begin with. 
After listening to Joe, Skylar understood everything. 
No wonder Molly got involved with Edwin and allowed herself to be manipulated. It was all because she wanted revenge. 
“Did he know about Molly’s past?” she asked. 
Joe’s face was expressionless as he replied, “He just found out. Molly’s sister was only 18 and had just become a top student in the SAT when she was killed. They were worse than animals!” 
After listening to Joe’s words, Skylar suddenly felt sympathy for Molly. She had pursued her revenge step by step, sacrificing her chance at happiness, only to lose her life in the end. 
“Were the people involved in this incident back then still in Jipsburg?” Skylar asked again. 
After so many years, with Molly spending over two decades by Edwin’s side, she must have gotten her revenge before anyone realized. 
“They’ve either died from illness or had fatal accidents,” Joe said in a cold tone. 
Skylar wasn’t surprised. It seemed that during her years married to Edwin, Molly gradually uncovered the truth about these people. Those who had harmed others deserved their fate and didn’t merit any sympathy. 
“This also explains some things. Edwin must have had the company of cursed s during his time abroad. Living with him every day, Molly must have been affected by these influences 
too. 
“This car accident, which seems to have some hidden elements, might even be a result of these evil influences drawing disaster upon her,” Skylar speculated. 
Of course, if Molly’s car accident was indeed an accident, then perhaps Edwin… 
Thus, the conspiracy theories about someone intentionally silencing Molly might not hold up 
at all. 
217 
“I’m going for a smoke on the balcony,” Joe said as he stood up and headed outside. 
Watching his lonely figure, Skylar felt a weight in her chest. 
She could empathize with what Joe was feeling right now. The pain caused by one’s biological parents wasn’t something that can be easily put into words. 
Edwin’s mistakes had harmed many people, causing Joe to lose his mother and grow up without his father’s presence, carrying the burden of hatred toward him. 
Anyone would need time to process that. 
She grabbed two bottles of water and went to the balcony. As soon as she got there, Joe hugged her, and she hugged him back. 
The wind on the balcony was strong, but Joe’s warmth dispelled any chill. 
“Don’t leave me,” he said. 
Skylar’s heart clenched tightly. 
“Okay,” she replied. 
As long as he kept his promise, she would stay by his side just as she said, walking through life together. 
A few days later, Lizzie found Skylar and asked her for a favor. 
Lizzie had heard that Skylar’s shop was looking to hire a jewelry designer and hoped she would consider hiring a young woman she knew even though the young woman didn’t have any formal education. 
###chapter1135
 1142
The young woman had to drop out of college during her junior year due to some unfortunate events, but she had strong skills in jewelry design. 
Her work combined elements of popular vintage–inspired styles, and she even sent some photos along with recordings of her live streams. 
She explained her design concepts in detail in the videos without exaggerating to make sales. 
Although the gemstones she used were of low quality, her designs were beautiful, and each piece was handmade. Her streams have brought in some sales, and it was evident that she broadcasted from a night market stall, occasionally answering questions from customers shopping in person. 
Upon closer observation, she had long hair down her waist, fair skin, and big eyes that lit up 
when she talked about her work. 
Dressing in vintage wear, she looked like a fairy stepping out of an ancient painting. 
“I’ll cover her salary, but you’ll soon see that her skills are in no way inferior to those who 
claim to have years of experience or professionals,” Lizzie added, advocating for the young 
woman. 
“Were you university classmates?” Skylar asked. 
Lizzie then replied, “We were in the same dormitory but different majors. She hasn’t had it easy these past few years. During the day, she works as an office clerk at a small company and relies on live streaming to sell her designs at night. 
“The income isn’t great, so it’s been tough for her to pursue her dreams. This is the most I can do to help her for now.” 
Skylar could hear Lizzie’s genuine concern for the young woman in her words. 
“I watched the videos and saw the photos. Her design concepts align with what I need, and my store has started live streaming recently, so I think she’ll fit in well,” Skylar said. 
Lizzie smiled and said, “She has always loved vintage styles, but don’t let her know that you’re connected to me. Thank you, Skylar.” 
“Okay.” 
After confirming a few more details with Lizzie, Skylar reached out to Muriel through a private message. 
Two hours later, Muriel replied, and they set up an interview for the next day. Once everything. was settled, Skylar updated Lizzie, who thanked her repeatedly. 
The following day, Skylar went to the office. 
The storefront was rented by Janine, who also handled many subsequent matters. Skylar didn’t involve herself in hiring decisions; instead, she focused on ensuring the authenticity of the items they sold. 
Due to their streaming efforts, her once small shop had grown into a business with over 20 employees. 
Janine now wanted to develop their own jewelry line, leading to the hiring of designers and 
other roles. 
Since Skylar was currently between jobs, Janine even had her promote the shop’s antique restoration services during live streaming. 
In a way, her mom had turned into a career woman, leaving Skylar to rely on her for support. 
She shared some details about Muriel with Janine, who, given her own experiences, valued skills over formal education. 
Muriel arrived ten minutes early. 
Skylar was surprised when she first saw Muriel. She was stunningly beautiful, with expressive eyes that seemed to speak, making it hard to look away. 
Muriel exuded a clean, youthful air about her, resembling a university student. Based on her age, she was probably four or five years older than Skylar. 
“Hello, are you Ms. Sullivan?” Muriel asked hesitantly. 
As Skylar sized Muriel up, she also observed Skylar. To her, Skylar was a rare kind of beauty one who left a striking impression at first glance. With her perfect figure and features, she was comparable to a star on the screen. 
“Hello, Ms. Sandoval, right? Let’s go inside and talk,” Skylar nodded, gesturing for Muriel to follow her into the office. 
###chapter1136
 1143
Skylar rarely came by, but her mom insisted on keeping an office for her. 
The interview with Muriel lasted half an hour. 
They discussed many things. Muriel’s ideas about jewelry design and her approach matched Skylar’s perfectly. 
She was particularly interested in designing accessories with vintage elements and liked to replicate ancient paintings in her free time. 
They finalized details regarding the trial period and compensation. 
After Muriel left, Skylar called Lizzie. 
“I just finished interviewing Muriel. She’s even better than I expected, and our ideas align very well. Thank you. I’ll pay for her salary,” Skylar said. 
Lizzie’s tone sounded relieved. “Let me handle it, Skylar. Please give me this opportunity to make it up to her. It’s something I owe her, and it makes me feel a bit better.” 
Skylar wanted to say that Muriel was capable enough to earn this salary on her own, even without Lizzie’s recommendation. However, given the current situation, she decided not to reject Lizzie’s offer. 
If she guessed correctly, the person Lizzie had been thinking about for years was indeed Muriel. 
With that in mind, she asked, “I just added her on WhatsApp–do you want me to send her contact info to you?” 
Lizzie hesitated briefly before replying, “Yes, please.” 
“Okay.” 
Lizzie stared at Muriel’s contact, which Skylar had sent over. 
After opening it, she didn’t immediately add her as a friend. Her gaze lingered on the profile picture, which showed a back view that Lizzie recognized instantly as Muriel’s. 
She couldn’t bring herself to face her. 
Just a few days ago, Lizzie had watched from the shadows as Muriel struggled to sell her handmade jewelry at a street stall while streaming on her phone. 
It made her feel that all of this was her fault. If Muriel hadn’t met her, her life wouldn’t have turned out this way. 
Lizzie closed her phone and ripped off her wig. She stood on the balcony and lit a cigarette. Smoking seemed addictive, as one led to another until seven to eight cigarette butts filled the 
ashtray. 
When her manager arrived and saw Lizzie smoking on the balcony, looking disheveled and depressed, she wasn’t surprised. 
Artists were like that, after all. 
In the years she had managed Lizzie, she had grown used to it. 
In public, Lizzie always appeared to be a graceful, long–haired beauty–a perfect image of an artist. But in private, she seemed like a completely different person. 
Seeing Lizzie like this, the manager couldn’t help but feel a bit sorry for her. 
“You didn’t skip breakfast and lunch, did you? You’re already thin enough. If you lose more weight, clothes won’t look good on you.” 
Lizzie stubbed out her half–smoked cigarette when she heard her manager’s words. “I’m not hungry.” 
“Even if you’re not hungry, you still need to eat. I brought your favorite tomato and egg stir- fry.” 
When Lizzie heard that, she glanced at it. Her gaze lingered as if it brought back some memories. 
Skylar spent the whole day at the company. At three in the afternoon, Natalie called her over, so she drove directly to Natalie’s house. 
Special Halloween Treat: More Coins, More Thrills! 
###chapter1137
 1144
As soon as Natalie opened the door, a strong smell of alcohol hit Skylar, making her glance 
into the room. 
“Have you been drinking?” 
Natalie hiccuped, the alcohol smell even stronger “Yeah, I’ve been drinking. It’s boring to drink alone, so I called you over to drink with me and cheer up together.” 
Skylar frowned. 
Natalie wasn’t someone who could hide her feelings. It was clear that something happened. Otherwise, she wouldn’t shut herself in and drink. 
She changed her shoes and followed Natalie inside, noticing several empty beer bottles near the couch. 
Seeing that Natalie could drink so much on her own, it was obvious that she was dealing with something serious. 
After sitting down, Skylar immediately grabbed the beer out of Natalie’s hand. 
“Come on, tell me what’s going on.” 
Seeing the beer taken away, Natalie picked up some fried chicken from the coffee table, nibbling on it as she spoke, “It’s nothing, really.” 
“Nothing?” 
Natalie realized she couldn’t hide the truth from Skylar, so she put down the drumstick and said, “Okay, something did happen.” 
Skylar nodded, waiting for her to continue. 
Natalie had called Skylar over precisely to pour out her troubles. What she experienced for the past few days had left her feeling a little lost, as if it was some dramatic plot twist. 
“Yesterday, Mr. Powell’s mother came to see me. 
Skylar was surprised. “Mr. Powell’s mother?” 
Natalie forced a smile. “Yes, I didn’t expect it either. I’m just his assistant, so I didn’t know why she’d reach out to me privately. 
“When we met, I realized she disapproved of me being his assistant. She said that my background and status as a divorcee would drag him down. Basically, she implied that I would try to seduce him.” 
“And then?” Skylar frowned. 
She had suspected that Austin liked Natalie, but Natalie had just ended her marriage with Jeremy. So, even if she had some feelings for Austin, they were still in the early stages, with no clear romantic intentions. 
Under these circumstances, it was surprising that Austin’s mother would approach Natalie. 
“Then I told her that I only admired Mr. Powell and never intended for any other relationship. I said I wasn’t interested in marrying into a wealthy family. I just got out of one, so why would I throw myself
back into another mess? 
“But she didn’t believe me. She said my presence was already affecting Mr. Powell and that he would soon leave Jipsburg, and I shouldn’t be a burden to him. Then, she handed me a blank check. 
“I never imagined that a scene straight out of a movie or novel would happen to me–a blank check, with his mother saying I could fill in any amount.” 
Natalie couldn’t help but show a look of surprise as she recalled that moment. 
Seeing Natalie’s expression, Skylar understood that she wasn’t heartbroken. It seemed more like Natalie didn’t want to lose her job. After all, this was her first job since graduating from university. 
Sure enough, Natalie continued, “I won’t be able to keep this job. I can’t make things difficult for Mr. Powell. He’s helped me a lot already. It’s time for me to think about what I should do next. It’s just hard for me to leave. 
“The colleagues around Mr. Powell are all great, especially Hank. He’s like a big brother, and I’ll really miss his barbecue–no barbecue place can match his flavor.” 
Skylar was a little speechless. “So, you’re just reluctant to give up the food?” 
“It’s not just that. I’ll miss Mr. Powell too. I won’t be able to watch him act in person anymore. Seeing him perform live is so much more powerful than watching him in a theater. But I’ll keep supporting his movies in the cinema,” Natalie said, sounding a little sentimental. 
Still, there seemed to be something else, some vague feeling that she couldn’t quite pinpoint. It wasn’t just these two reasons. 
Perhaps… 
She just loved the job too much, which made leaving it that much harder. 
###chapter1138
 1145
In this situation, it was not just about whether Natalie was willing to leave. She couldn’t make things difficult for Austin. After all, she was just a small employee, and it was not worth damaging the harmony between him and his mother because of her. 
“So, you resigned?” Skylar noticed that Natalie still seemed down. 
Natalie nodded. “I submitted my resignation letter this morning.” But Austin wasn’t there, so after speaking to Hank, she left. 
Since Austin’s mother wanted Natalie to leave immediately, she left in a hurry and even told Hank to forgo her pay for the month. 
It was really inappropriate to leave in such a rush. She could have at least stayed until they found someone to replace her. 
Skylar picked up a nearby bottle of beer. “Alright, I’ll drink with 
you.” 
“You better not. Didn’t you drive here?” Natalie took the bottle from Skylar’s hand. 
Seeing this, Skylar grabbed a chicken wing instead. “Any plans for the future?” 
Natalie shook her head. “No idea for now. I’ll think about it tomorrow.” 
As soon as she finished speaking, the doorbell rang. Natalie looked at Skylar before saying, “I didn’t invite anyone else.” 
She only wanted to confide in Skylar, but she got up and walked to the door, opening it 
directly. 
“Who is it?” she asked with a hint of alcohol in her breath. 
At the same time, she saw who was standing at the door. It sobered her up immediately. “You 
Do you need something?” 
… 
Skylar followed Natalie to the door. As soon as the door was opened, she saw who was outside. 
She was surprised to see Jeremy there. 
“Have you been drinking?” Jeremy asked in return. 
It was obvious that Natalie had been drinking. Her cheeks were flushed, and her gaze had a slightly dreamy look. Plus, she had the smell of alcohol on her from drinking so much. 
“Yeah, a little,” Natalie admitted. 
Jeremy frowned and asked, “Why are you drinking?” 
“No reason. Just felt like drinking because I was in a good mood. Do you need something? If not, I’ll go back to drinking and chatting with Skye.” Natalie was starting to lose her patience. 
It had always been like this. Since she was young, Jeremy’s frown meant he disapproved of her 
actions. 
When they were still together, she didn’t mind listening to him. But now, what right did he have? They were divorced, so why couldn’t they just mind their own business? 
It was only then that Jeremy noticed Skylar’s presence. 
So, he nodded to her. “Alright, I won’t disturb you two. Carry on.” 
He didn’t mention why he came to find Natalie and left directly. 
Natalie, with her slow reaction due to her drunkenness, finally realized what was happening. Then, she shut the door quickly. 
After that, she turned to Skylar and said, “Jeremy hadn’t contacted me in a while. So, I didn’t know why he came today. But whatever, he didn’t say anything anyway.” 
###chapter1139
 1146
An hour later, there was another knock on the door. 
Skylar and Natalie were already watching a series that they had projected onto the wall. 
“Is it the food delivery?” Natalie guessed. She had just ordered more food. But could the delivery really be this fast? She had just placed the order. 
“I’ll get it,” Skylar said, getting up before Natalie and heading over to the door. 
When she opened the door, Skylar was stunned that it wasn’t the delivery person but Helena. 
Helena looked anxious and was equally surprised to see Skylar open the door instead of Natalie. “Is Ms. Jakeman here?” 
“She is. What do you need her for?” Skylar recovered from her surprise. How did Helena know where Natalie lived? 
Natalie was curious after seeing Skylar talking to someone at the door. So, she walked over. “Is something wrong?” 
But as soon as she spoke, she saw Helena and was taken aback. “Ms. Hart? How did you find my place?” 
Apart from their brief encounter at the hotel abroad, she hadn’t had any other interactions 
with Helena. 
“It was Mr. Hughes who told me. He was in a car accident and is currently in the hospital for emergency treatment. Before he lost consciousness, he mentioned you. Can you come with me to
the hospital?” Helena’s voice was filled with urgency, and her eyes glistened with tears. 
It was clear that she was genuinely worried about Jeremy. 
However, Jeremy had just visited them about an hour earlier. 
Since Helena was the first person to learn about the accident, it meant that she was with him when it happened. 
Natalie frowned, feeling worried. “How is he now?” 
“Someone driving in the wrong direction crashed into Mr. Hughes‘ car. I happened to be driving by at the time and saw it. I can’t give you all the details now because I rushed here to find you before I could get any answers,” Helena sputtered, her anxiety evident. 
“Alright, which hospital‘ is it? I’ll get changed and head there immediately,” Natalie said. 
After telling them the hospital name, Helena left in a hurry, eager to get back to the hospital. 
Skylar watched her rush away, her gaze darkening slightly. Then, after Natalie had changed 
her clothes, Skylar drove her to the hospital. 
They arrived almost at the same time as Helena. So, they walked through the entrance and made their way inside together. 
When they reached the operating room door, they saw Jeremy’s parents sitting in chairs waiting anxiously. 
Natalie immediately walked over. “Dad, Mom.“– 
“Natalie…” 
Eleanor quickly stood up and grasped Natalie’s hand tightly. “We’re glad you’re here. Jeremy will be alright.” 
Skylar, watching from the side, wasn’t surprised by how close Jeremy’s parents were to Natalie. In their eyes, she was like a daughter to them. 
It seemed that they still hadn’t come to terms with Natalie and Jeremy’s divorce. 
Out of the corner of her eye, Skylar noticed Helena standing nearby. Seeing how closely Jeremy’s parents were with Natalie made Helena tense, and her face turned pale. 
Morton was the first to notice Skylar and Helena. He looked a little puzzled. 
So, Natalie quickly introduced them. “This is Skylar Sullivan, my friend. And this is… Helena Hart, a friend of Jeremy’s.” 
“Hello, Mr. and Mrs. Hughes,” Skylar greeted them. 
Helena bit her lip slightly, looking somewhat nervous. “Hello, Mr. and Mrs. Hughes.” 
From Natalie’s introduction, the couple picked up on the nuances. 
When they arrived at the hospital, the nurse mentioned that a female celebrity accompanied Jeremy in the ambulance. 
It must have been her. 
The couple exchanged a glance. Both seemed to understand the situation. 
###chapter1140
 1147
Morton and Eleanor sighed inwardly at the same time, wondering if their son truly understood what he was doing. 
Jeremy had divorced Natalie over a female secretary. And now, there was another entanglement with a celebrity? 
The couple responded politely to Skylar but completely ignored Helena. 
Feeling the cold reception, Helena clenched her fists tightly, experiencing a wave of discomfort. She could clearly see how the couple viewed her. 
She had never expected to marry Jeremy as she and Jeremy had not been in contact since that night. 
To make up for that night, he had offered her some resources–lead roles in a movie and a TV show, both directed by well–known directors. 
After securing these projects, she could rise to the top of the entertainment industry. 
However, despite getting these opportunities, she didn’t feel particularly happy. 
Meeting Jeremy today was purely coincidental. She knew that Jeremy’s heart belonged to Natalie and that he must have regretted that night. She, too, felt a pang of guilt in her heart! 
Seeing the disdain from his parents now, she could only smile bitterly. Helena just hoped that Jeremy would be alright. 
“He’ll be fine, don’t worry,” Natalie said after seeing the anxious expressions on Morton and Eleanor’s faces, feeling worried herself. 
The couple just nodded in response. 
After about half an hour, the light outside the operating room went off. 
A doctor came out and explained Jeremy’s condition after the 
surgery 
to his parents. 
He had some fractures and a concussion, but there were no serious complications. 
Hearing this, Natalie let out a sigh of relief. Then, she turned to Skylar and said, “Skye, you should head home. I’ll stay here with them a bit longer.” 
She didn’t feel comfortable leaving just yet. 
After speaking with Skylar, she looked over at Helena. 
Helena gave Natalie a nod before saying, “I’m glad that Mr. Hughes is alright. I have an early shoot tomorrow, so I must head back and prepare.” 
With that, she turned to leave. 
Natalie didn’t know what to say at that moment. As a woman herself, she could sense Helena’s feelings for Jeremy. 
When Helena came to find her, the anxiety and worry on her face were unmistakable–she had 
clearly fallen for Jeremy. 
After Skylar and Helena left, Natalie said to Morton and Eleanor, “Helena is a good person.” 
“Natalie, we will only acknowledge you as our daughter–in–law. No one else matters to us, Eleanor replied quickly. 
Morton remained silent. 
It was clear that Natalie was firm in her stance–she wasn’t going to forgive Jeremy easily. 
Skylar and Helena walked out of the hospital together. 
Just as they were about to get into their respective car, Helena suddenly said, “Ms. Sullivan, could you please tell Ms. Jakeman that I’m sorry? There’s really nothing between me and Mr. Hughes, and I hope she doesn’t misunderstand our relationship.” 
That night, if Jeremy hadn’t mistaken her for someone else, he wouldn’t have gotten involved 
with her. 
She knew he had mistaken her identity that night, but she didn’t stop things from going 
further. 
Skylar just looked at Helena and said, “These are things you should tell Natalie yourself. I can’t 
you. As for what your relationship with Mr. Hughes truly is, I think we all convey them for know deep down.” 
The more someone insisted that there was nothing between them, the more it seemed they were hiding something. 
Today’s Helena seemed different from when they had met abroad–she clearly had something weighing on her mind. 
Helena’s expression shifted slightly. 
Afraid that Skylar might see through her, she forced a smile and said, “Maybe I’ll find the opportunity in the future.” 
###chapter1141
 1148
Joe called Skylar about ten minutes after she left the hospital. 
He told her he had something to attend to that evening and wasn’t sure when he would return, so she should go to bed first. 
After returning home, she followed her usual routine and took a shower. 
Before going to bed, Skylar chatted with Natalie a bit. 
Natalie had stayed at the hospital for over an hour before taking a cab home. Jeremy had already woken up when she left, although he was very weak. He had fallen back to sleep after saying a few words to them. 
Seeing that Jeremy was out of danger, Natalie felt relieved. 
After exchanging a few more words with Natalie, Skylar turned off the lights and went to bed, unable to fight her drowsiness. 
In her half–asleep, half–awake state, she suddenly found herself in a familiar vision filled with 
white mist. 
Joe appeared suddenly in the mist. So, she ran toward him. But no matter how loudly she 
called his name, he couldn’t hear her. 
As she got closer, the swirling mist gradually dispersed. 
However, she suddenly saw that Joe’s face was covered in blood. But not just his face–his entire body was soaked in blood. 
The white shirt he had been wearing was now entirely stained red. 
The sight of the bright red blood struck her like a sharp pain, making her call out frantically,” Joe!” 
But Joe, lying there, seemed unable to hear her voice, Then, dense white mist suddenly enveloped him again, completely obscuring him from view. 
Skylar tried to 
of no use. 
wave the mist away, but it was too thick. No matter how much she tried, it was 
When she reached the spot where Joe was lying, he had disappeared. 
“Joe!” 
She suddenly screamed out loud, jerking awake from the terrifying nightmare. 
Opening her eyes to the dim room, she felt a drop of cold sweat slide down her forehead. 
Skylar was panting heavily. It had just been a nightmare. But… 
Why was the dream so vivid? It was just like when Viola had appeared in her dreams. 
After a while, she calmed down. 
Skylar glanced at the other side of the bed and saw that Joe hadn’t returned yet. So, she turned on the bedside lamp, got out of bed, and picked up her phone before walking out of the bedroom. 
She had left a light on in the living room, and the soft yellow glow made the whole house feel warm and cozy. 
Then, she poured herself a glass of warm water and took a few slow sips, letting the warmth dispel the lingering chill from her dream. 
Skylar gazed out the window. Everything was quiet outside at this hour, 
Ever since Viola’s death, she couldn’t shake the vague feeling of unease and dread. But tonight’s dream felt like it was unfolding right before her eyes–as real as it could be. 
The sense of urgency and heartache she felt in the dream still lingered, leaving her unsettled. 
But it was just a dream, after all. 
Maybe she had been thinking too much lately, given everything that had happened, and it had followed her into her sleep. 
What happened in dreams couldn’t possibly be real. 
She unlocked her phone and saw a message from Joe on WhatsApp. 
“There’s an issue with the overseas collaboration. I need to catch a flight immediately to deak with it in person. I’ll be back in three days. Don’t worry, and wait for me.” 
The message had been sent about an hour ago. Skylar had already fallen asleep three hours ago. 
###chapter1142
 1149
Play 
Skylar immediately called Joe. 
Joe answered the call quickly. “Did you see my message? You should be sleeping at this hour. Why are you awake?” 
It was noisy in the background, like those in an airport. It seemed like he was on a plane, and there were announcements about safety precautions before takeoff. 
Hearing Joe’s voice, Skylar felt more at ease. “Are you on a plane?” 
“Yes, we’re about to take off. I’ll be back as soon as I’m done. If anything happens, just call me. 
Skylar could faintly hear the flight attendant reminding passengers to turn off their phones or switch them to airplane mode. So, she asked quickly, “When will you land?” 
“In about eight hours. Get some rest. I’ll call you when I land,” Joe replied, then hung up. 
The dial tone echoed in her ears. Skylar just stared at her phone, lost in thought, before pressing a hand to her head. 
It was just a nightmare, after all. 
She barely slept the rest of the night, not feeling sleepy. 
So, she picked up a couple of books to read. Before she knew it, morning had arrived. 
After breakfast, Joe called her. “I’ve landed and am on my way to the hotel now.” 
Skylar finally felt her worries melt away. It seemed she had been overthinking things. She smiled and said, “I’m having breakfast. Did you get something to eat on the plane?” 
“I did. I’ll have some coffee when I get to the hotel,” Joe replied, his voice carrying a hint of exhaustion. 
An eight–hour flight would tire anyone out, especially since he would likely have to adjust to the time difference quickly and get straight to work. 
“Take a nap in the car if you can. Don’t worry about things at home or with Grandma; I’ll take care of them. I’m going to finish my breakfast now,” Skylar said, preparing to hang up so as not to take up more of his time. 
But Joe suddenly asked, “Did you miss me?” 
She immediately pretended not to hear him and quickly ended the call. 
Even though they agreed not to divorce and were now like any couple in a relationship, some words were still difficult to say. 
Joe then sent her a message. “You heartless little one. It seems like you didn’t miss me.” 
Skylar looked at the words “heartless little one” and couldn’t help but smile before replying, ” Then, did you miss me?” 
She didn’t expect a response, but he replied, “Yes.” 
That simple word dispelled all the restless thoughts that had plagued her through the night. 
A faint smile curved her lips as she replied, “I’ll wait for you to come home.” 
After breakfast, she managed to sleep for three hours. 
But Skylar received a call from Aiken. 
“Were you sleeping? Did I wake you?” 
Skylar just said, “No, I didn’t sleep well last night, so I took a nap and just woke up. 
“Here’s the thing–I’ve been looking into the person behind Molly as you wanted. But it turns out that Molly has almost never met this person face to face. They’re very cautious, using only internet calls and disposable phones. 
“Also, none of the prominent families in Jipsburg seem to be dealing in antiquities recently. So, I suspect this person won’t make any moves in the near future, or perhaps they’ve already left Jipsburg. 
‘As for Madam Viola’s brother, I’ve found some information suggesting that he died abroad, but it was so long ago that it’s hard to confirm.” 
Aiken shared the information he had uncovered over the past few days. 
At this point, it was clear that there wasn’t much more to find as they had no more clues to follow. 
Skylar wasn’t surprised by Aiken’s findings. After all, Joe and Alexander’s investigations had reached the same conclusion–the person had vanished without a trace. 
However, she didn’t expect to hear about Viola’s brother dying abroad. 
After thanking Aiken, Skylar suddenly remembered that she hadn’t been in touch with Simona recently. So, she asked, “How’s Simona been lately?” 
“She’s been feeling a bit down these past few days. Actually, I was hoping you could help with something. If you have the time, could you join her for a meal?” Aiken asked. 
###chapter1143
 1150
Skylar glanced at the time and agreed to Aiken’s proposal. 
She didn’t have any other plans for the day anyway, so in the afternoon, she planned to visit Charles on set before dropping by to see Simona 
Charles had been very busy lately, going from one project to another. He had a mix of TV shows, movies, variety shows and promotions for other dramas, keeping him occupied day and night. 
It had been a rare break for him when he came to pick them up from the airport that day. 
Skylar had recently heard him speak in their group chat and found that his voice seemed hoarse. It was likely due to the changing season and the fluctuating temperatures, which made people get sick easily. 
Since she had been drinking tea for health reasons, Skylar thought it would be good for him and decided to bring some over. 
But she didn’t actually get to see Charles. 
When she arrived at the set, he was in the middle of shooting a scene that didn’t allow too many people on set–it was said that it was an intimate scene. 
So, after dropping off the tea and some medicine with Charles‘ assistant, Skylar headed to a nearby mall. 
There, she bought two bubble teas from a shop and picked up a pair of the latest headphones. Then, she drove to Parkinson Residence. 
Simona had been at home catching up on schoolwork with the help of a few tutors, which kept her busy during the day. 
With a heavy academic workload and little company at home since Aiken was often tied up with work, her emotional well–being was neglected a little. 
Simona was so surprised to see Skylar that she exclaimed, “Skylar!” 
It had been a while since they last met, and it looked like Simona had grown taller, but she was also thinner. 
“Check out the sound quality of these headphones.” Skylar handed Simona the headphones. 
Simona was thrilled. “They’re for me? I saw these headphones online and wanted to get them, but I’ve been too busy studying. This is perfect! You always know exactly what I like, Skylar!” 
She thought how great it would be for Skylar to become her sister–in–law and a real part of her family. Her brother never seemed to understand what girls wanted. 
212 
Seeing Simona so happy, Skylar felt reassured. She had actually consulted Caleb for advice. He had made some suggestions since he knew a bit about Simona’s tastes. 
They tested out the headphones together and listened to a few songs. 
When it was time for dinner, Aiken came home. 
He had been making an effort to join Simona for dinner each evening, so she wasn’t surprised 
to see him. 
“Aiken, Skylar gave me these headphones. I love them so much.” 
Aiken glanced at Skylar, his gaze lingering subtly before he said, “Thank you.” 
“As long as Simona likes them, that’s what matters,” Skylar said with a smile. 
Tonight, the Parkinson family’s cook had prepared stew. The broth was homemade, and when Skylar arrived at the family residence in the afternoon, the delicious aroma had already filled 
the house. 
It was irresistible. 
With all the dishes laid out with the stew, the meal looked incredibly appetizing. 
“I know Skylar loves stew, so I asked them to make it,” Simona said. 
Aiken nodded. “The stew is really good.” 
Skylar knew that Aiken liked spicy food. Every time they had eaten together, he never shied away from it. 
The three ate a lot, finishing nearly all the dozen side dishes prepared. 
After dinner, Skylar took a half–hour walk with Simona. They chatted about some typical girly stuff. 
On her way home, Aiken called to thank her. 
Skylar replied with a smile on her face, “Simona’s like a little sister to me. There’s no need to be so formal.” 
Aiken responded, “She was really happy today. Girls have a lot on their minds at her age, but it’s hard for her to talk to me about those things. After you came, she seemed different. She’s now singing and dancing happily in her room.” 
Then, Skylar said, “I’ll keep in touch with her often. If anything comes up, feel free to reach out to me directly.” 
###chapter1144
 1151
After ending the call with Skylar, Aiken put down his phone. He leaned back in his chair, frowning slightly. 
A wave of fatigue washed over him. 
Simone enjoyed Skylar’s company, and he did too. During those brief two hours, he deeply yearned for family and a sense of inner peace. 
Unfortunately, some feelings couldn’t be expressed openly. He felt unworthy of Skylar. 
When Skylar stepped into her house, she received a call from Charles. 
“I just wrapped up my scenes for the day and took the medicine you sent. You’re the best, Skye. 
Skylar smiled and said, “You’re working so hard. You need to take care of yourself.” 
“Don’t worry about me. My health is great. While I’m young, I need to give it my all. Just wait for me to bring home that Best Actor trophy.” Charles spoke enthusiastically and confidently about his acting. 
He wasn’t being arrogant. He was just incredibly dedicated and sincere. He never took acting lightly. 
Skylar understood him well and immediately cheered him on. “Great! I’ll be waiting for that. You can do it. I can’t wait to show off your picture on Instagram to everyone, boasting that 
have a brother who’s a Best Actor.” 
“I won’t let you down. Hahaha,” Charles replied, filled with confidence. 
Even though he didn’t have formal training, he was willing to put in the work, even sacrificing dating to focus on improving his acting skills. 
He believed that if others could achieve their dreams, so could he. 
“Get some rest. Don’t forget to take your medicine over the next few days. With flu going around, wear a mask when you go out.” Before hanging up, Skylar added her final reminders. 
Charles laughed and said, “Alright, don’t worry. Take care of yourself too. If Joe bullies you, you need to let me know right away. I’ll go after him. Don’t think my sister is easy to push around.” 
Skylar couldn’t help but laugh. “You don’t have to worry. He hasn’t bullied me.” 
“Hahaha, alright.” They chatted and joked before ending the call. 
After taking a shower, Joe sent her a video call. The camera clearly showed him in a Wiscadian 
restaurant. 
“Are 
you 
showered and read 
to go to bed?” 
She nodded and yawned. “Yeah, I didn’t sleep well last night, so I’m feeling sleepy now.” 
“Go ahead and sleep. I ran into a small issue here, but it should be resolved by tomorrow. I’ll be back the day after.” Joe updated her on his schedule. 
As a husband, it was important for him to keep his wife informed about what he was doing. 
Skylar smiled and said, “Okay, I’ll wait for your return. Be safe while you’re abroad.” 
“Sleep well, goodnight.” 
“Goodnight.” 
After the video call ended, Skylar went straight to bed. However, Joe remained on his WhatsApp, still focused on the screen after the video call ended. 
Paul, sitting across from him, noticed and chuckled softly. “Mr. Martin, you’re getting fond of Mrs. Martin.” 
It was obvious that he cared for Skylar. Just look at how he was still staring at the chat page even after the video call had ended. 
Skylar’s profile picture wasn’t even a photo of herself. It was just a simple landscape image. 
It was plain and straightforward. Paul questioned what made it so appealing that Joe continued to stare at it. 
He must be missing Skylar after just being away for a day or two. 
Joe looked 
1. up. Paul immediately fell silent. 
Just then, they suddenly heard a commotion and gunfire outside the restaurant. 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
Play 
C 
###chapter1145
 1152
Joe gave Paul a sharp look, and the two immediately moved to a spot where they could avoid stray bullets. In such chaotic shootouts, it was too easy for innocent people to get caught in 
the crossfire. 
They had encountered chaotic gunfights like this abroad before, but it was their first time being so close to the action 
with such intense, rapid gunfire and terrified people running 
everywhere. 
Paul frowned and said, “There’s been a rise in terrorist attacks in this country recently.” 
Joe’s face remained expressionless as he watched the frightened crowd scatter outside the restaurant. A heavy feeling of unease crept into his chest, but he quickly pushed it down. 
In a low voice, he said, “We’ll wait until the police get the situation under control before we leave.” 
“Understood,” Paul replied, scanning the chaotic scene outside. Given how serious things were, even when police arrived, it would take them time to regain control. 
As they had anticipated, it took three hours for the police to apprehend the culprits responsible for the mayhem. More than 20 people were killed in the indiscriminate shooting. 
The street outside was stained with bright red blood. 
Joe glanced briefly at a few bodies lying on the ground ahead of him. After taking in the scene, he withdrew his gaze and said in a somber tone, “Get everything wrapped up today. We’re heading to Jipsburg tomorrow.” 
The next day, Skylar visited Pearlhall Residence. Today, Howard was scheduled to check on 
Gloria’s health. 
Gloria’s condition hadn’t been great. She often felt weak and lacked energy. 
Given her age and overall health, major surgeries were no longer an option. The risk of her not surviving the operation was too high. 
Her heart had undergone multiple bypass surgeries before, but in recent years, developed emphysema and kidney inflammation. 
she had also 
Gloria had been to the hospital many times for treatments, but each time, the results were minimal at best. 
Both Skylar and Edgar understood Gloria’s condition well by now. Edger especially felt sorry for Gloria, seeing how much she was struggling to hold on. 
Years ago, 
Gloria’s health had already begun to decline. But too much had happened in the 
Martin family.. 
Froson Martin’s passing to Edwin’s reckless behavior, not to mention the scheming of 
Ernest and Joe’s relatives, all of it had drained her mentally and physically. 
Recently, Gloria had been finding it harder to endure, partly due to the loss of Viola. However, seeing Joe and Skylar finally in harmony brought her some peace. Watching them face life’s difficulties together allowed her to let go of some of the burdens. 
But now, her body was starting to give out. 
Listening to Edgar’s words, Skylar felt even more concerned for Gloria. 
Luckily, after Howard examined her, he said that while Gloria’s condition was fragile, she just needed rest. The key was to avoid any unnecessary stress or emotional strain. 
When Gloria noticed Skylar’s worry, she chuckled softly and reassured her. “I’m fine, Skye. It’s just old age catching up with me. I don’t bounce back as quickly as you youngsters do when I 
Don’t get sick, but I’ll rest up. 
about me.‘ 
worry 
Grandma. We can “I’ll stay here at Pearlhall Residence for the next couple of days with you, take walks together, and I noticed that the fruit in the orchard is ripe. I’ll pick some fresh fruit for us to enjoy,” Skylar said, holding Gloria’s arm. 
Gloria immediately saw through Skylar’s thoughts. She was worried about her. 
But Gloria knew her health well. She didn’t want to make Skylar even more anxious by letting her see her weakness day by day. 
She said with a smile, “If you want to eat some fruit, just have someone go pick it. You’re young, Skye, you should live your life and enjoy it. Don’t worry about me. 
“Go out with your friends, do some shopping, or go visit your mom. I’ve been feeling tired lately, and I nap often. You’ll be bored just hanging around here. Trust me on this, okay?” 
Skylar knew Gloria was only saying this to keep her from worrying, trying to push her out of the house so she wouldn’t have to see how frail she had become. 
###chapter1146
 1153

Skylar was about to say something else but caught the look Edgar gave her and decided to drop the idea. With Edgar around, she knew he would inform her immediately if anything happened 
with Gloria. 
She smiled warmly and agreed with Gloria, then stayed to enjoy lunch with her. Afterward, they took a pleasant walk together. 
At 1:00 pm, when Gloria went down for her nap, Skylar left Pearlhall Residence and headed to Sullance Group. 
Truthfully, there was no real need for her to go. But since it was on her way, she decided to stop by and check in. 
Janine was truly remarkable, a brilliant career woman. Sullance Group was running smoothly under her management. 
As Skylar walked in, she silently praised how lucky she was to have such an amazing mother. 
Some people were truly blessed by the heavens when it came to their looks, and Janine was one of them. At 50, she looked like she was in her 40s. If one didn’t look closely, one wouldn’t even see any wrinkles on her smooth, fair skin. 
www. 
Her naturally fair skin and refined features gave her the appearance of a polished corporate executive from a publicly traded company. Her beauty was undeniable. 
Now that they were older, Skylar thought Janine deserved to think about her happiness. beyond work. 
Just because she was widowed didn’t mean she couldn’t have love again. No one had ever said women her age couldn’t fall in love. 
Skylar and her siblings often wished for someone to accompany Janine in her later years. With each of them leading busy lives, they hardly had time to be with her. 
They hoped Janine would find a caring partner to share her life with. While she was lost in her thoughts, Janine suddenly approached with two design sketches in hand. 
“Skye, what are you daydreaming about? I called your name several times, and you didn’t hear 
me.” 
Skylar snapped back to reality. “I was just looking at you, Mom. You’re so beautiful! Just look at those female celebrities over 40 who’ve had all kinds of work done on their faces. None can compare to how young and pretty my mom is.” 
After hearing Skylar’s words, Janine chuckled. “You’re joking about me now? But speaking of serious matters, since you’re here, let me show you the designs from Muriel. She created them based on our requirements since she started a couple of days ago.” 
11 
Skylar immediately straightened up and examined the two design sketches. She had to admit that Muriel’s work was truly captivating. 
Both the emerald ring and the necklace designs were eye–catching and fresh. 
The fusion of ancient and modern styles made Skylar eager to see the finished piecès. 
Janine couldn’t help but praise, “Where did you find this talent? I hired three designers, but none of them can compare to her skills. Plus, she takes her work seriously and remains composed at such a young age.” 
As Skylar snapped photos of the designs, she joked with Janine. “Well, it seems I have an eye for spotting talent. 
“Absolutely! You have an eye for greatness.” Janine beamed with pride. 
In her heart, Skylar was exceptional. No other daughter could compare to her intelligence and 
beauty. 
Skylar glazed over at Muriel, who was focused on her work. Muriel had her back to Skylar and didn’t see her arrive, so Skylar chose not to disturb her. 
Since they were currently live streaming, she decided not to interrupt their work. 
Once in her car, she sent the two photos of the design sketches to Lizzie. 
“Muriel is incredibly talented,” she texted. 
After seeing the designs, Lizzie’s eyes lingered on the name “Muriel Sandoval” in the lower corner of the sketches. 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
###chapter1147
 1154
The name suited Muriel perfectly. 
Muriel’s name was written with an elegant touch 
Lizzie understood better than anyone just how talented Muriel was. “She has always been exceptional.” 
At the hospital, Natalie stood outside the ward. After hesitating for a few minutes, she finally knocked and walked in. Inside, Jeremy was busy looking at his phone. 
He was likely making some work arrangements with people from his company. When he noticed her entering, he glanced up, quickly hanging up the call and setting his phone aside. “I wanted to explain my relationship with Helena.” 
Natalie interjected before Jeremy could explain his relationship with Helena, “Helena is a great person. After your accident, she came to see me. It was clear she was very worried about you.” 
Upon hearing her words, Jeremy’s expression darkened. “Are you developing feelings for Austin?” 
“My relationship with Mr. Powell isn’t what you think. Honestly, there’s no need for an explanation.” She suddenly felt that it was pointless to clarify anything. 
After all, she had been misunderstood so many times in recent days. Even Austin’s mother, Jessica Parker, had handed her a blank check, allowing her to fill in any amount. 
As long as she understood her situation, the opinions of others didn’t matter. 
Jeremy’s expression grew even colder. “It doesn’t matter whether you like him or not. There will be no future between you two,” he spoke in a low voice. 
He had found out some things about Austin. No wonder his attempts to ruin Austin’s career 
had failed. 
However, because of this, the Powell family would not accept Natalie. If she developed feelings 
for him, she would be the one to suffer in the end. 
Again, it was that same phrase–there would be no future between them. Jessica had said the same thing to her, but she had never even considered having a relationship with Austin. 
“Forget it,” she thought. She hadn’t come to see Jeremy today to start an argument. 
There was no need to find a definitive answer. “You seem to be doing well. You should be discharged soon. I have to go now,” she said. 
212 
She set down some items she had picked up way on the table. 
They were all things Jeremy could eat. She had chosen them according to his tastes. After knowing each other for so many years, they were well aware of each other’s habits. 
Jeremy glanced at the items she had set down. Just as Natalie was about to leave, he suddenly asked, “Did Helena say anything to you?” 
Natalie’s expression froze for a moment, puzzled by Jeremy’s unexpected question. However, 
she didn’t dwell on it. 
She said, “Your situation was urgent. She only asked me to come to the hospital and didn’t have time to say much. Did you want her to tell me something?” she asked. 
“No.” 
Natalie nodded. “Alright, then I’ll be going.” 
Jeremy watched her walk away; his brows knitted in thought. He dialed Helena’s number. 
When Helena received Jeremy’s call, she was taken aback. “Mr. Hughes?” Her voice held a hint of uncertainty. 
“Did you say anything to Natalie?” Jeremy asked directly. 
Helena felt her anticipation drain away at the tone of his question. She took a deep breath and replied, “No, I didn’t say anything. Don’t worry, Mr. Hughes. I know exactly what to say and what not to say. I wouldn’t tell Natalie anything she shouldn’t know.” 
“Good.” Jeremy ended the call. 
Meanwhile, as Helena listened to the dial tone, her expression gradually turned pale. She knew all too well that in Jeremy’s heart, no one compared to Natalie. 
###chapter1148
 1155
In the past few days, Helena had heard a rumor that Austin had changed his assistant. He wondered if Natalie had suddenly realized she wanted to return to Jeremy. 
Hence, Jeremy was particularly sensitive about the incident that night. The thought made her let out a self–deprecating smile. 
After leaving Sullance Group, Skylar headed straight home. On her way, she happened to pass by a popular deli that had recently gained a lot of attention. 
Many people were there to try it. The pasta, paired with a secret sauce, was undeniably tempting. Even some celebrities and social media influencers stopped by for a taste. 
With nothing else to do, she parked her car and got in line. 
While waiting, she snapped a photo and sent it to Joe. “I just found a trending deli. I’ll try out. If it’s good, I’ll take you here when you’re back.” 
“Skylar?” A male voice, filled with surprise, called out to her. 
Skylar looked up at the person who called her name. When she saw it was Claudio, her expression immediately darkened. 
It seemed today would not be lucky for her. Encountering Claudio was the last thing she wanted. 
On the other hand, Claudio lit up at the sight of her. He never expected that a casual trip to grab some pasta would lead him to run into Skylar. 
“Looks like we’re quite fated, huh?” 
Skylar glanced at the long line ahead of her. It would take another half an hour before she 
reached the front. 
it 
After a moment’s hesitation, she decided to leave. Just a couple of steps away, she was blocked by Claudio, who was furious at being ignored. 
“Skylar! Didn’t you hear me calling you?” 
She lifted her gaze to Claudio, her tone flat as she replied, “Move aside.” 
Claudio was quite handsome. Standing at six feet and one inch tall and wearing designer clothes, anyone who didn’t know him could easily see he was a trust fund baby. 
Skylar’s indifferent attitude left his female companion, Sasha Robson, astonished. “How can you speak to Mr. Martin like that?” 
Claudio felt angry and frustrated. He had called Skylar twice before, only to have her hang up on him both times, and now she was outright ignoring him. 
Joe had broken up with her, yet she still acted so high and mighty. “I’m giving you a chance to apologize,” Claudio declared, trying to assert his authority. 
Many beautiful women seemed aloof, appearing as though they looked down on everyone and wouldn’t be easily swayed by money. But in reality, it was simply a matter of how much money was offered. Once the price was right, he could have his way with them in bed. 
In his eyes, Skylar was just another woman who seemed a bit more stubborn than the rest. She thought she was special just because she had been with Joe. 
No matter what, he would conquer Skylar. He wanted her to compare him and Joe–to see who was truly superior. 
Skylar looked at Claudio as if he were an idiot and felt no need to waste her breath. She pushed him away with a firm shove. 
Claudio was taken aback by the force of her push. “Skylar.” 
She turned to glance at him. “If you come any closer, I’ll report you for harassment. I recorded our previous phone conversations, so I suggest you don’t call me again.” 
Claudio’s expression darkened immediately. No woman had ever dismissed him like that before. She dared to threaten him to call the police. He wondered if she had lost her mind, thinking Joe would protect her. The idea seemed absurd to him. 
Sasha stared at Skylar in disbelief. Everyone in their circle knew who Claudio was, and few dared offend someone from the Martin family. This woman was either foolish or incredibly 
brave. 
“I’ll be waiting for the day you come to beg me. I can assure you, Joe will never take If you think you can rely on him, you’re dreaming! Besides…” Claudio started but quickly stopped as he realized he had said too much. 
###chapter1149
 1156
back. 
Skylar’s eyes darkened. She thought, “What was Claudio holding back from saying?” 
He wanted to say more but had hesitated, stopping himself just in time. She wondered if Claudio and the rest of the Martin family were scheming something behind the scenes again. It seemed Joe’s earlier lesson hadn’t been enough for them. 
“Anyway, if you don’t apologize, and make it up to me right now, I won’t give you the chance to find me in the future.” Claudio sneered. 
He was already imagining a time when Joe would become useless and the entire Martin family would be under his control. When that day came, everything he wanted, especially Skylar, 
would be within his reach. 
By then, she would come begging him for attention and only be good for a few nights with 
him. 
Without paying Claudio any more attention, Skylar quickly walked away. Seeing how decisively she had left without a shred of hesitation, Claudio’s expression darkened. 
“Who is that woman anyway, Mr. Martin? She’s way too arrogant. How dare she talk to you like that?” Sasha finally snapped back to reality and complained. 
Claudio’s face grew even darker at her words. “Shut up! Get lost!” he snapped at her. 
It wouldn’t have bothered him if he hadn’t run into Skylar. But now that he had, Claudio ‘couldn’t help but notice how Sasha by his side paled in comparison to her. She had a decent figure, but beyond that, she was nothing. 
Sasha’s face turned pale. She bit her lip, stomped her foot angrily, and stormed off. These trust fund babies were impossible to deal with. Their tempers flared up for no reason, and they were impossible to please. 
As he watched her leave, Claudio wasn’t bothered. Women like her were a dime a dozen for him. There was no shortage of them who wanted to crawl into his bed. 
But if they were this oblivious and couldn’t read the room, he would lose interest after being 
intimate once or twice. 
His eyes were locked on the direction Skylar had disappeared, and a burning desire filled him. Never before had a woman lingered in his thoughts the way she did. 
Even when he spent time with other women during the past few days, her image would flash in his mind. These thoughts had already disrupted his daily life. He couldn’t be at peace unless 
he had her. 
“Just you wait,” Claudio muttered. 
After Natalie returned to her apartment from the hospital, she felt hungry but was too tired to cook. She ordered takeout instead. 
While waiting for the food, she casually browsed the news and came across an article about a terror attack in Murida. That reminded her of what Skylar had told her earlier–Joe was currently on a business trip in Murida. 
Immediately concerned, Natalie called Skylar. “Skye, I just saw the news about a terror attack in Murida. Didn’t you say Joe’s there for a business trip? You should let him know to be extra 
careful.” 
Skylar was in the middle of cooking some pasta when Natalie’s words made her freeze. “Where did you see the news?” 
“On Facebook. Check it out.” 
Skylar quickly searched for “Murida terrorist attack” on Facebook and found several reports. There were a few photos, too–bodies lying in the streets, people running in chaos. 
Her heart sank. 
She suddenly remembered that she had sent Joe a message a little over an hour ago while waiting in line at the deli. However, after running into Claudio, she had completely forgotten/ about it and hadn’t checked if Joe had replied. 
Immediately, she opened her WhatsApp and checked it. As she expected, there was no response from Joe yet. 
Without thinking, she started to call him. But just as she was about to dial, a WhatsApp message from Joe popped up. 
“Sure, let’s eat together when I get back.” 
Skylar breathed a sigh of relief when she saw Joe’s message. “There’s been a terrorist attack in Murida. It’s dangerous there right now, so be careful.” 
About a minute later, he responded, “I’m flying back tomorrow. The attack happened far from where I am. Don’t worry, I’m safe.” 
“Good, take care.” 
Skylar read his message over again, focusing on the words “far” and “safe“. Her anxiety gradually faded. 
He would be back tomorrow. There was nothing to worry about. She just needed to wait for him to return safely. 
###chapter1150
 1157
S 
Natalie was left waiting for her takeout after her call with Skylar, feeling a bit bored. These past few days had been too indulgent for her liking. She decided she would look for a job 
tomorrow. 
She had originally considered starting her own business, but her current state of mind wasn’t conducive to entrepreneurship. 
She would find a new job first and then consider opening a café later. While she was lost in thought, the doorbell suddenly rang. She hurried over to open the door. “Just a second.” 
Her stomach almost growled from hunger. The delivery was taking a bit longer today, likely 
due to the dinner rush. 
Finally, she opened the door, only to freeze in disbelief at the person standing before her. “Mr. Powell?” 
She wondered what Austin was doing here all of a sudden. She glanced to the side but didn’t see Hank. So, Austin had come by himself. 
He stared at Natalie with deep, dark eyes, saying nothing. It was rare for him to appear so serious. He seemed angry. 
“Um… Mr. Powell, I know I left abruptly, but there were reasons. I wasn’t feeling well, and I told Hank I didn’t need my paycheck for this month. So… please don’t be upset.” She forced a sincere
smile, trying to convey her apologies. 
Ever since she met Jessica, she felt something was off when she saw Austin. Austin regarded the carefree Natalie with a mix of emotions. He had been waiting for her to reach out. 
But instead, she had disappeared without a trace. She had even blocked him and Hank on WhatsApp. It seemed she didn’t want any connection with him at all. 
Austin wondered if she had really not noticed his feelings after all this time. 
“Mr. Powell? You… Can you say something? I’m starting to feel anxious.” Seeing Austin staring at her without saying a word, Natalie suddenly felt a chill run down her spine. 
She realized that quitting her job so abruptly might have been too sudden, but Austin looked extremely angry. 
Suddenly, Austin stepped forward with purpose. 
He pressed Natalie against the wall and kicked the door shut behind him. 
Natalie’s mind went blank. “Mr. Powell, you—” 
Without warning, he kissed her. Natalie completely froze, her body stiffening in shock. 
At that moment, a knock echoed from outside the door. After a few seconds, the knocking continued. 
Natalie stared wide–eyed at Austin, who was kissing her. She was completely stunned and bewildered. She couldn’t help but wonder why he had kissed her out of nowhere. They weren’t even acting in a scene. 
In that instant, something clicked in her mind, exploding into awareness. Meanwhile, the delivery person outside waited a few moments before calling her phone. 
The ringtone pierced through the apartment, loud and jarring. 
At that moment, Austin finally released Natalie and looked down at her. He asked, “Now do you understand why I came to see you?” 
Natalie was still in shock. She nodded, then shook her head. “Mr. Powell, please move aside. My food has arrived.” 
Austin couldn’t help but chuckle at her words. 
Once he stepped aside, Natalie quickly opened the door. Her face flushed and quickly grabbed the takeout from the delivery person. 
###chapter1151
 1158
After the door swung shut again, Natalie turned to look at Austin. The apartment was eerily silent for a moment, so quiet that one could hear a pin drop. 
Natalie was slow to register what had just happened. She could still feel the warmth of his lips on her, and her lips felt slightly swollen. 
If she didn’t understand what was happening, then she would be as clueless as a na?ve young girl. “Mr. Powell, are you… drunk?” she asked. 
There had been a faint taste of alcohol during their kiss. 
That had to be it. If Austin hadn’t been drinking, he wouldn’t have acted that way with her. 
“I’m not drunk,” Austin replied directly. 
Natalie was left speechless, staring at him in shock. If he wasn’t drunk, she couldn’t help but wonder why he had kissed her. 
“It’s exactly what you think. Someone approached you and urged you to quit, right? How much did she offer you?” Austin’s intense gaze fixated on the dazed woman before him. 
He had waited patiently for Natalie to understand his feelings. Instead, all he got was her 
resignation. 
Natalie was still somewhat bewildered. 
Noticing that Natalie was still in a daze, Austin suddenly took her hand, leading her inside and guiding her to sit on the couch. 
“Whoever is looking for you must be my family’s butler,” he continued. 
“What?” Natalie exclaimed, her eyes widening in shock. She thought, “Wasn’t it supposed to be your 
mother?” 
“They know I’ve recently developed feelings for someone, so I’ve stayed in Jipsburg and not gone home. That’s why they reached out to you. Natalie, now do you understand how I feel about you?” Austin said in a low, serious tone. 
But Natalie’s mind wasn’t focused on his feelings. She was caught up in thoughts about Jessica and the implications of him not going home. 
Suddenly, she recalled some plotlines that only appeared in TV dramas. 
“So, you’re the type of celebrity who just plays around in the entertainment industry while back home there’s a vast family fortune waiting for you to inherit?” 
Austin sighed slightly at her words. “That’s pretty much the case.” 
There was a family business waiting for him. Had he not met Natalie, he would have long since left the entertainment industry and returned home. 
Natalie blinked in surprise. “If your rivals find out, they’ll definitely be furious. Many believe you come from a humble background, which is why you’ve worked so hard to get to where you are today.” 
There were countless articles making similar claims. 
During her college days, she would empathize with Austin when reading those articles. She viewed him as a role model for many. She believed that anyone could reach the top if they just worked hard enough, 
But now she realized that Austin had started at the top. 
What a refreshing twist to the story. It was something only novels dared to portray. No wonder he remained unfazed when Jeremy had him blacklisted. 
After all, he could always leave the industry and return home to inherit his family’s wealth. As Austin observed Natalie’s expression shift rapidly, he understood her thoughts were wandering. She hadn’t even considered why he kissed her or thought to complain. 
She didn’t mention feeling humiliated or unhappy when Jessica threw a check at her. 
“They would indeed be furious once they find out. What about you?” he asked. 
Natalie blinked again. “I’m happy for you, Mr. Powell. No matter what threats come your way, they won’t harm you. 
Austin smirked slightly. “No one can harm you either.” 
Upon hearing that, Natalie felt herself growing calmer. Her smile began to fade, becoming slightly rigid. She had learned from experience to avoid certain pitfalls. 
Austin had a powerful family backing him, which made her happy for him. However, Jessica was right. Things weren’t as simple as they seemed. 
###chapter1152
 1159

Natalie avoided Austin’s gaze and forced a smile. Mr. Powell, I think you may have 
misunderstood. I just got divorced not long ago, and I haven’t moved on from Jeremy’s yet. I’m not planning to date anyone for the next few years.” 
Austin’s expression gradually darkened as he fixed his eyes on Natalie. She couldn’t bring herself to meet his intense gaze. 
After a long silence, Austin finally spoke again. “I won’t accept your resignation. Come back to work tomorrow.” 
“Mr. Powell, I’m sorry.” 
Austin continued to stare at Natalie for a moment before standing up and leaving. 
After he left, Natalie sat in a daze for quite some time. Eventually, she snapped out of it and realized her takeout was getting cold. She started eating while her mind wandered. 
Making such a decision was best for everyone. Sometimes, it was easy to put an end to things before they had a chance to develop, which would help avoid future complications. 
During her years with Jeremy, she learned what it was like to be in a marriage that didn’t meet 
her family’s expectations. 
Moreover, Austin’s family situation might be even more complex than Jeremy’s, and her involvement could cause him trouble. And as for love… it tended to fade over time. 
As dusk approached, Steven found himself with some free time and invited Skylar to a barbecue at a night market. 
It had been a long time since they had gone out for a barbecue together. Skylar was excited about their meeting that evening because Steven was bringing a friend along. She had a hunch about who that friend might be. She arrived early at a popular barbecue restaurant. 
By the evening, every barbecue restaurant in the area was bustling with customers. 
Just a few minutes after she arrived, Steven walked in with a girl who looked even younger than Skylar. 
She appeared to be in high school, with a fresh, clean demeanor that exuded innocence and beauty. Without any makeup, her oval face and glistening skin made her undeniably charming. 
“Hi, I’m Skylar Sullivan.” She greeted her first. The girl stared at her in awe as they shook hands. “I’m Mona Silva.” 
After they released hands, Mona couldn’t help but turn to Steven and exclaimed, “You never told me your sister was this pretty. She looks just like a female lead from a novel I would write. 
11 
Upon hearing her words, Skylar couldn’t help but laugh at Mona’s cuteness. Steven looked at Mona with a hint of affection in his eyes. “You can probably tell how she looks by looking at me.” 
Skylar raised an eyebrow. She pondered when she had failed to notice this narcissistic side of Steven. It seemed that ever since Steven started being with Mona, he had become more vibrant and alive. There was a kind of energy about him that she found unfamiliar. 
“You’re not wrong, but she’s even prettier than you,” Mona earnestly complimented. 
Skylar felt a rush of happiness from the compliment. She placed the menu in front of Mona and said, “Take a look and see what you like. Steven’s treating us tonight.” 
“What do you both want to eat? I’ll treat you guys. I just got paid today,” Mona said excitedly. She was overjoyed. 
Just when she was struggling with the female lead setting for her new story, she met Skylar and found instant inspiration. 
She was so stunning. Mona had thought Steven was already eye–catching, but his sister was even more radiant. 
Just as Skylar blurted out “lamb skewer“, someone suddenly approached their table and greeted them. 
“What a coincidence!” 
###chapter1153
 1160
As Skylar looked up, she spotted Annie. Upon seeing Annie, she subtly furrowed her brows. She couldn’t shake the feeling that the timing seemed oddly coincidental. 
Stevan and Mona turned their heads almost simultaneously to look at Annie. Steven’s expression darkened. 
On the other hand, Mona seemed taken aback for a moment when she saw Annie but quickly regained her composure. It struck her that she had seen Annie before. Annie used to host a show and was now quite popular online. 
“I’m here shooting some videos. I didn’t expect to run into you guys. Am I interrupting anything?” 
Annie directed this question toward Steven while her peripheral vision was clearly assessing 
Mona. 
“You are Annie Silver, right? I’ve seen your show and some of your videos before. I really like your work,” Mona said, her excitement evident. 
Skylar watched Mona with her na?ve and romantic demeanor, shaking her head internally. If Mona knew that Annie was Steven’s ex–girlfriend, she might not be so eager to express her admiration. 
Skylar could tell that Annie was scrutinizing Mona. The way Annie observed her revealed an ‘element of comparison mixed with a hint of self–satisfaction. It was clear that Annie had 
intentionally come over to greet them. 
She wouldn’t have approached them if she was truly concerned about interrupting. “Yes, I’m indeed Annie Silver,” she replied. 
Ever since that night, she had been curious about who Steven was dating now. She had imagined that someone who could capture Steven’s interest less than a year after their breakup would be stunning. Instead, she was surprised to find it was a young woman. 
In every way, Mona fell short in comparison to her. Mona was indeed a simple person who neither cared for competition nor liked to vie with others. 
However, at that moment, she could feel Annie’s gaze on her, filled with comparison and a hint of scrutiny. It felt as if Annie were evaluating her like a product, assessing her worth with a critical eye. 
Mona didn’t like the way she was being scrutinized. She could also feel Annie’s gaze lingering 
on Steven. It was clear that Annie liked him. 
Thinking of this made her smile fade. After murmuring a quick “Oh,” she turned her attention seriously to the menu. 
Skylar looked at Mona and said, “This place has great lamb skewers. Do you like lamb?” 
Mona was a food enthusiast and didn’t hide her enthusiasm. She nodded eagerly. “I love it. And the grilled lamb chops are amazing. I come here often.” 
“Really? That’s a coincidence. I love lamb chops too. How about spicy chicken wings? Are you interested?” Skylar asked. 
Mona nodded again, her eyes sparkling. “Finally, someone who can join me in a spicy challenge. Let’s do it together.” 
The two of them chatted animatedly about their meal, seemingly oblivious to Annie standing nearby. 
Steven watched Mona with a smile. “Didn’t you say you also like grilled briskets?” 
“Oh, right. Yes, I want those too.” 
Seeing Mona’s excitement over the barbecue options, Steven suggested, “Let’s get six skewers, two for each of us.” 
“Sounds good.” 
The trio enthusiastically discussed their meal, temporarily ignoring Annie. Her smile began to falter, turning awkward. Her face paled slightly as a wave of humiliation washed over her. 
She glanced at Steven, feeling a mix of bitterness and disbelief. They had once shared a passionate love, and he had embraced various challenges for her. Now, less than a year later, he seemed to genuinely like this woman who clearly couldn’t compare to her. 
It felt as if she were being completely ignored, and an indescribable ache settled in her chest. The pain of rejection throbbed within her. 
Suddenly, she found herself regretting everything. 
Taking a deep breath, she decided not to make a scene. Instead, she slipped away quietly without saying another word. 
###chapter1154
 1161
As Annie left, Skylar lifted her head and glanced in the direction she had gone before looking 
back at Steven. 
Steven met her gaze. 
They exchanged a knowing look and likely understood each other’s thoughts. From Steven’s expression, Skylar realized he had already moved on from his feelings for Annie. That was good. 
There was no room for a third party in Steven and Mona’s relationship. 
Even though she had just met Mona today, Skylar could tell that Mona appeared to be a sweet girl with a strong personality. She definitely wouldn’t accept a boyfriend who still had feelings for his ex– girlfriend. 
Throughout the meal, they all enjoyed themselves. Since Skylar had driven, she hadn’t drunk any alcohol. Meanwhile, Steven and Mona had a few drinks and decided to take a cab home. 
Skylar felt a bit stuffed and decided to stroll through the night market. Suddenly, she recalled that Muriel seemed to be in this night market. 
During their interview the other day, Muriel mentioned that she needed some money and would be setting up a stall at the night market in the evening. She was selling items she had, designed, and she had plenty of stock. 
Once it was sold out, she wouldn’t be coming back to the night market. Skylar suddenly thought that she could actually open a few more livestream accounts. 
Then, she could give Muriel a time slot to livestream. As a designer explaining her products, this should attract quite a bit of traffic. Skylar could also give Muriel a percentage of the 
profits. 
However, she hadn’t discussed these ideas with Muriel yet. When she found her later, they 
could discuss them in detail. 
At this time, the night market was particularly crowded. 
It was a cool evening, and the night market stretched on for a long way. Skylar wasn’t quite sure where Muriel had set up her stall, so she would have to find her by chance. 
During her college years, Skylar loved to stroll through the night market near campus with Natalie. The market was filled with various snacks, and as she wandered, memories of her college days flooded back. 
Suddenly, she spotted Muriel not far ahead. Many girls gathered around her stall. 
Just as Skylar was about to approach, she noticed Lizzie nearby. 
Lizzie sported her usual short hair today and wore no makeup, just a simple hat. She was dressed quite casually and focused intently on Muriel. 
Seeing this, Skylar decided not to interrupt. After a moment’s thought, she turned to leave quietly. 
However, just as she took a couple of steps, someone grabbed her arm. 
“I saw you,” Lizzie said in a low voice. Skylar paused and turned to look at her. “I saw you too, ” she replied. 
Lizzie seemed taken aback at first but then forced a smile. “Want to join me for some barbecue?” 
Skylar had already filled up on barbecue earlier, but seeing Lizzie’s sad expression made it hard to refuse. She nodded and said, “Let’s go.” 
They randomly chose a barbecue place. Inside, Lizzie ordered food and then asked what Skylar wanted. 
Skylar ordered five lamb skewers. Perhaps it was the evening, but some emotions felt magnified. Lizzie suddenly felt the urge to open up. 
“Muriel is my girlfriend,” she revealed. 
Skylar had guessed that much. 
“Back in college, not many knew about our relationship–only Paul knew. We both had our dreams. When we were young and fearless, we shouted slogans, wanting to become the brightest stars in our respective fields. Unfortunately … I ruined her future. I can’t face her. As Lizzie spoke of the past, regret filled her eyes. 
###chapter1155
 1162
Skylar did not interrupt Lizzie as she spoke. She listened quietly as Lizzie recounted her past with Muriel. 
Lizzie had initially pursued Muriel. It was her proactive approach that brought them together. 
Many people liked Muriel at that time, including Paul, but he never competed with Lizzie. Once they were together, they inspired each other and excelled in their field. 
Unfortunately, for some reason, they were forced to part ways later on. 
Lizzie didn’t disclose the reason for their separation. For about ten minutes, she fell silent. She seemed consumed by painful memories, her gazes filled with sorrow and longing. 
“If I hadn’t gotten involved with her back then, she definitely wouldn’t be in this situation today,” Lizzie lamented. 
Skylar could only offer her comfort. “We all need to look forward. Muriel still carries the light of pursuing her dreams. She has never given up.” 
When a person compromised with reality and was subsequently knocked down, they became dull and lifeless, drifting through life like a zombie without their own thoughts. But with Muriel, Skylar saw someone who bravely forged ahead. She was undeterred by reality and moved closer to her dreams step by step. 
If Muriel had given up on her dreams, she wouldn’t still be devoted to jewelry design. She maintained her aspirations in her own ways. 
Selling at the night market further showcased Muriel’s persistence. 
Skylar admired those who upheld their original intentions in difficult circumstances. Upon hearing Skylar’s words, Lizzie first froze in surprise, then smiled and nodded. 
“She looks fragile, but once she makes up her mind about something, she never backs down.” 
In Lizzie’s demeanor and speech, there was no hiding her feelings for Muriel. Even after several years, those once intense emotions still lingered in her heart, becoming increasingly irreplaceable. 
Many people pursued her. However, once someone had made space in their heart for another, no matter how dazzling a presence was, it could never compare to that special person. 
Slylar stayed with Lizzie until midnight. Afterward, Skylar dropped Lizzie off at her home. 
s alrea 
By the time she got back, it 2:00 am. Joe should still be awake at this hour. 
After taking a shower, she glanced at her phone. A few hours earlier, before having dinner with Steven and Mona, she had Joe about his flight schedule for the next day. She wanted to know when he would land, but he hadn’t replied yet. 
He must still be busys He had left in a rush and hurried back due to the terrorist attack. With everything piling up, he likely hadn’t had time to check his phone. 
Skylar resisted the urge to call him. 
She then checked the news about the terrorist attack in Murida. It appeared that the situation had calmed down now. 
After a good night’s sleep, she woke up at dawn. The first thing she did was reach for her phone. 
There was still no response from Joe. A sense of unease settled in her heart, and she couldn’t help but worry. She immediately sent a message to Paul, inquiring about their flight schedule and landing time. 
At this time, she wasn’t sure if they were busy or still on the plane. Just like Joe, her message to Paul had gone unanswered for over half an hour. 
Next, she began to check the flight status from Murida. Flights were scheduled to arrive in the mid– afternoon and late afternoon. The lack of replies from Joe and Paul made it hard for her to relax. 
She spent the whole day at home. Despite waiting for two flights to arrive, Joe still had not called her. 
###chapter1156
 1163
If Joe’s plane had landed, he would have called Skylar right away. At the very least, he would have called her before boarding to let her know he was safe. 
But now… 
Skylar stopped herself from making assumptions. Instead, she sent him another message on WhatsApp. “Are you resting?” 
Just like before, there was no response, as if her message had been thrown into a void. 
Another hour passed. It was already 6:00 pm, and there were no more flights arriving from Murida that day. So, they must still be in Murida. 
Perhaps some last–minute work had delayed their return. Right now, it would be early morning in Fachington, so they were probably still asleep. 
She had sent several WhatsApp messages in a row, but they likely hadn’t seen them yet. 
She had skipped lunch. Even though it was time for dinner, she still didn’t feel hungry. 
She couldn’t shake her uneasiness despite knowing that Joe and Paul frequently traveled abroad for work. There was an underlying sense of anxiety she couldn’t quite explain. 
Skylar massaged her temples, trying to calm her nerves. Perhaps the weight of everything that had happened recently was making her overthink 
Or maybe it was because Joe had become increasingly important to her lately. When it came to matters involving him, she felt anxious and insecure. 
Honestly, that wasn’t a good sign. 
For some reason, she suddenly thought of the dream she had had before, the one where Viola had told her that she and Joe would face many challenges. 
Just then, her phone rang. 
Skylar immediately grabbed her phone to answer the call. To her surprise, it was Vera calling. She frowned slightly but decided to pick up. 
“What do 
you need?” she asked directly. 
Vera’s tone was anxious. “I’ve been having nightmares lately. They’re always the same, whether at night or during my afternoon nap. I dream of Molly getting into an accident, covered in blood. 
“In my dreams, she even tells me that I haven’t been properly honoring the statue, so she won’t let me off the hook. Skylar, do you think Molly is haunting me? She knows I handed the statue over to you, and now she’s targeting me?” 
Vera had never believed in metaphysics before. She used to think it was all a scam. But after some personal experiences, her perspective had shifted. Now, she couldn’t help but feel she had been shortsighted. 
She felt guilty. After all, she had brought one negative item after another into her home, and one incident after another had occurred in her life. 
After waking up from those experiences, she became increasingly fearful of the term negative items“. 
On top of that, Molly was dead. After hearing Vera’s description, Skylar realized what was happening. 
“That statue does have some influence over you. Have you moved?” 
“I moved right after you mentioned it. I left everything behind at that place and moved to a new place with all new stuff,” Vera quickly replied. 
Skylar responded, “While I’ve already dealt with the statue, its influence on you will last for a while. But remember, you’ll dream about what you think about. Your recent nightmares are due to both the statue and your own worries. You need to accumulate good fortune for yourself. The statue’s influence will diminish over time.” 
11 
“Now that you mention it, I feel more at ease,” Vera said, sighing in relief. 
“Okay.” 
Just as Skylar was about to end the call, Vera suddenly recalled something. “Oh, by the way, I heard from a friend that Claudio has publicly claimed he wants to support you. 
“You should be prepared for that. He’s the kind of guy who will use any means necessary to get what he wants. He’s already snagged a few stubborn celebrities. He’s pretty devious.” 
164 
###chapter1157
 1164
After Vera finished speaking, she quickly ended the call. She felt that Skylar was actually a good person, and now that Joe had abandoned her, she felt quite sorry for her. 
Perhaps her shared experience of being cast aside by Joe made her feel sympathy for Skylar. 
The difference was that her situation was more public, and very few people in Jipsburg knew about Skylar’s marriage and subsequent divorce from Joe. So, it was clear that the one suffering more from Joe’s new relationship was not her but Skylar. 
Thinking about this, the lingering hostility she had toward Skylar faded away. It would be even better if she could turn their conflict into a friendship.. 
But Skylar’s expression darkened at Vera’s warning. She knew that Claudio was not a good person, but for him to say he wanted her was downright despicable and extremely low. He was as disgusting as a slimy eel. 
Taking a deep breath, she tried calming the anger that arose from Claudio’s actions. She stood up from the couch, intending to step out onto the balcony for some fresh air. 
Just as she was about to rise, a sudden wave of dizziness washed over her. 
The world around her dimmed for a moment. She quickly shut her eyes, trying to steady herself against the dizzying sensation. 
After a while, she felt completely calm again, as if the earlier wave of dizziness had never happened. She took a moment to steady herself and took a deep breath. 
It was probably due to the combination of dealing with negative items recently and not getting enough rest. Dealing with those negative items undoubtedly took a toll on her body, resulting in some backlash as well. 
Skylar then stepped out onto the balcony. She set her phone down on a small table beside her. The sky had completely darkened. 
The nearby and distant skyscrapers already had many lights illuminated. Under the night sky, the city seemed to pulse with various emotions swirling within it. 
Perhaps it was the breeze on the balcony, but she felt more awake after standing there for a 
while. 
In her hand, she held a cup of smoothie. 
It was a ready–to–drink smoothie that could be prepared simply by mixing it with cold water. 
Sometimes, when she craved it at home, she would prepare a cup instead of ordering takeout, 
which was much more convenient. 
тесь на 
Throughout the day, she had felt uneasy. Now, her heart felt restless, floating, and suspended 
in her chest. 
She wanted to grasp something significant, yet she couldn’t hold onto anything. 
Maybe it was because she cared about someone, worrying about their well–being and becoming more invested. At that moment, she realized just how significant Joe was in her 
heart. 
She had once thought her feelings for Christopher were love, believing she would feel that way from start to finish. But now, she suddenly understood that it wasn’t love at all. 
Lost in thought for a while, the night deepened. Throughout the day, Joe hadn’t replied to her messages. Neither had Paul. 
At this hour, they should be at lunch. After hesitating for a few minutes, she decided to call Joe. 
As she dialed his number, a mechanical voice came through. “The number you have dialed is not in service. Please try again later.” 
###chapter1158
 1165
Skylar thought, “Out of service?” 
She wondered if Joe’s phone was just turned off or possibly in airplane mode. They might have had an evening flight and were supposed to arrive the next day. With each passing thought, her anxiety intensified. 
“What on earth is happening?” she murmured, gazing at the cityscape lit up by night. 
Three days had passed in silence without any word from him. 
During those days, no matter how many times she called, she only heard that the phone was out of service. She even sought out Jacky and Howard, hoping they would have more insight into Joe’s situation. 
Jacky urged her to wait for news while he inquired at the Martin Group. 
After contacting the overseas company manager, he learned that Joe and Paul had finished their work four days prior. According to the timeline, they should have returned to Jipsburg three days ago. 
Receiving this news hit Skylar like a thunderbolt. 
“Mrs. Martin, we can’t reach Mr. Martin or Paul. There’s a strong possibility something has gone wrong. We need to head over there immediately and contact the local police to trace their whereabouts. As Mr. Martin’s wife, your legal status will help us in this matter, and we’ll accompany you.” 
Jacky acted swiftly, formulating a response. Skylar’s face turned pale, leaving her at a loss for words. She understood what Jacky was implying. 
Joe and Paul were missing, and the situation was likely dire. 
Howard’s complexion also turned ashen. “We’re going to Murida?” 
“Yes.” Jacky nodded. 
Going to Murida meant they would have to reach out to various people. Otherwise, dealing with the local police wouldn’t be easy. 
Of course, if Joe was merely missing, they could utilize some resources to locate him. But what 
if… 
Moreover, they could no longer keep Joe’s disappearance under wraps. The shareholders of the Martin Group were already unable to reach him. Soon enough, news of his troubles in Murida would leak. 
When that happened, the Martin family… 
All of this was what Skylar had to face, as well as what Gloria had to endure. While Jacky was thinking about this, his phone buzzed with several WhatsApp notifications. 
Opening WhatsApp, he saw a news link sent by his office assistant regarding Joe from the Martin Group. His expression darkened immediately. 
Someone had already begun to inquire about the situation. 
Skylar snapped back to reality amidst the ringing of her phone. 
The name “Steven” on her screen reminded her that she was in the real world. The news Jacky had brought back was true, not just a nightmare. 
“Steven.” 
“I saw the news. Did something happen to Joe? I just took a leave from work to find you. Don’t be scared. I’ll be here to face whatever happens with you. I called Mom and the others earlier. “Don’t worry, I’ve made arrangements. Our priority right now is to get to Murida. Just wait for me, I’m on my way to you,” Steven said, his tone urgent and quick. 
Skylar’s eyes brimmed with tears, yet she managed to keep her voice steady. “Okay.” 
After hanging up, she looked at Jacky and Howard. “Steven is coming over shortly, and he’ll be joining us to head to Murida.” 
“Okay, I’ll book the flight tickets right away,” Howard said immediately. 
While Howard booked the flight ticket, Jacky turned to Skylar and said, “Before we leave, we need to check in on Mrs. Martin Senior at Pearlhall Residence. 
“The news about Joe’s disappearance will undoubtedly attract a lot of attention, and the Martin family might take advantage of this situation. You should be mentally prepared.” 
Skylar felt a pang of pain at the mention of Gloria. She worried about whether Gloria’s health could handle this. She needed to see Gloria right away. 
“I’ll head to the Pearlhall Residence now. Please wait here for my brother, Mr. Lourdes. Contact me immediately if anything comes up.” Skylar’s face was pale, but her voice was resolute as she addressed Jacky. 
Jacky looked deeply at Skylar. It was impressive how she could stay calm, not crying or panicking during such a difficult time. It was no wonder Joe cared for her so much. 
###chapter1159
 1166
Yet, Skylar couldn’t help but wonder if she would be able to handle everything that was about to unfold. A faint suspicion had already started to form in her mind. 
After Skylar left, Jacky turned to Howard with a worried expression and said, “The upcoming situation doesn’t look good. We need to be mentally prepared.” 
Howard’s expression mirrored Jacky’s seriousness. “Yes, it seems we are heading into a tough 
battle.” 
When Skylar arrived at Pearlhall Residence, Gloria had already heard about the situation. The news had spread quickly. 
By now, most people in Jipsburg City were likely aware of it. 
Skylar’s mind was blank as she approached Gloria, who looked worn out. She immediately moved closer to comfort her. 
“Grandma, I’m getting ready to go to Murida. Wait for me to bring him back. You need to take care of yourself at home.” 
Gloria’s eyes glistened with tears. Having lived this long, she had faced countless challenges in her life. Yet, she never imagined she would have to confront the possibility of losing her grandson. 
Gloria gently patted Skylar’s hand and said, “Stay safe. If anything happens, let me know. Don’t worry about me. I’ll take care of myself. No matter what happens out there, I won’t let it 
bother me.” 
Those who wanted to take advantage of the situation could do as they pleased. 
If Joe returned safely, everything taken without justification would eventually find its way back to him. However, if something were to happen to him, then those possessions wouldn’t 
matter. 
Seeing that Gloria was holding up well, Skylar decided to leave Pearlhall Residence. 
Calls came in one after another from Alexander and the others, asking if she needed help at this time. Even Jeremy and John reached out to check in on her. When she returned home, Natalie and Aiken also called her one after another. 
Aiken mentioned that he knew some people over there who could help when it mattered most. At that moment, she wouldn’t turn down anyone willing to help. Trying to find someone on her own felt like searching for a needle in a haystack. 
One month later, in Murida, inside a hotel room, Jacky hurried in and pushed open the door to the guest room. 
“Take a look at this video,” he said. 
Skylar immediately walked over and took the phone from Jacky. While Skylar focused on the surveillance footage, Jacky glanced over at Steven. 
Since their arrival in Murida, they had mobilized various resources to search for Joe and Paul. As they initially suspected, the police had no leads. 
Joe and Paul had disappeared without a trace. They had checked the hotel they stayed at, 
day they completed their work. 
confirming their departure coincided with the 
That meant something happened that day. They examined the surveillance footage from around the hotel and along the route to the airport. They even investigated whether any accidents occurred that day. 
They had explored every possible avenue. Unfortunately, even after a month, they still hadn’t found any trace of Joe and Paul. It was as if they had vanished into thin air. When Steven caught Jacky’s gaze, the two of them stepped outside. 
Meanwhile, Skylar remained focused on the surveillance footage. The video was from a camera positioned outside a store, capturing the many people passing by. 
Occasionally, vehicles could be seen on the road. Suddenly, as dusk fell, two familiar figures appeared on the video. 
This was the last recorded sighting of Joe and Paul. They entered the restaurant to eat and then got into a car, which subsequently disappeared without a trace. 
###chapter1160
 1167
ex 
Due to the lack of surveillance in certain areas on the way to the airport, there were still no clues about what had happened to them. The police indicated that the two likely had been abducted. 
However, if they were truly abducted, the abductors would have made contact by now. The absence of any communication suggested that it probably wasn’t an abduction. 
It was more likely that both Joe and Paul, along with the driver, had met with an unfortunate fate. Both assumptions were based on speculation before finding anyone. 
Though they hadn’t found any trace of Joe or Paul, Skylar firmly believed they were safe. Tears welled up in her eyes as she replayed the video of Joe over and over. She whispered, “He’ll be fine. He has to be fine.” 
Outside the guest room, Jacky turned to Steven and said, “There’s a chance Mr. Martin might already be dead.” 
When he retrieved the surveillance footage, he had been informed that continuing the search was unlikely to yield results. They had been in Murida for a month, exhausting every possible method and contacting everyone they could think of. 
Thus, there was no longer a need to continue searching. It was time to return and deal with the mess left behind. 
The situation at the Martin Group was grim. 
Joe’s associates and the other shareholders were currently embroiled in fierce conflict. With Joe now unreachable, he had been presumed dead back in Jipsburg. 
Fortunately, Joe had implemented some protective measures for the Martin Group. If he were still alive, his return would mean that those scheming in the chaos would face the consequences for their actions. 
Jacky knew it was time to go back. Steven nodded, his face serious as he glanced back at Skylar in the guest room. He also needed to return. 
f 
He let out a deep sigh. “This outcome is not what we wanted to see.” 
They had all witnessed what Skylar had endured over the past month. Each glimmer of hope had turned into disappointment. 
Everyone held onto a silent answer, keeping their hopes alive until they had to confront the truth. “We need to face reality. You should tell her,” Jacky said rationally. 
Steven nodded. “Alright.” 
After Jacky and Howard left, he returned to the guest room and found Skylar lost in thought, 
staring at her phone. 
The recent surveillance footage captured Joe’s final moments before he was last seen. The impact of that video weighed heavily on Skylar. Just as he was about to speak, she suddenly said, “Are you going to tell me that Jacky and Howard are heading back to Jipsburg?” 
Steven was momentarily taken aback, then he nodded knowingly. “You figured it out?” 
“We’ve been here for a month. During this time, a lot has happened in Jipsburg, but we’ve come up empty–handed. I kept insisting on finding them, but I lost track of time. Without realizing it, we’ve been searching for a whole month.” Skylar’s voice was heavy, and her expression showed a hint of confusion. 
The pain inside her began to surface as she spoke, making it almost impossible for her to 
continue. 
For the past few days, she had been wondering if her rebirth had changed Joe’s fate and led him into danger. She took a deep breath, trying to calm the ache in her heart. “Steven, it’s time for us to go back.” 
Steven looked at her with concern. “Okay, let’s go home.” 
But the search here wouldn’t stop. After all, they needed to find Joe, regardless of how long took. They had to see him alive or confirm his death. 
Martin Group had fallen into an unprecedented crisis due to Joe’s disappearance. 
In just a month, Gloria had sold off her shares. Ernest was using all means possible to elevate Claudio to the top, and Claudio believed he was just as capable as Joe. 
Just a few days ago, when everyone thought Claudio would become the new CEO of the Martin Group, a sudden turn of events occurred. 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
f 
###chapter1161
 1168
Ernest and Nelson’s brother, Darren Martin, who had been living abroad, returned unexpectedly. 
Years ago, 
he and his entire family had moved out of Jipsburg City and immigrated overseas. If not for his sudden return, people in Jipsburg would have long forgotten that the Martins were once a powerful family with all its internal complexities. 
In a short time, Darren had taken control of the Martin Group. Six months later, many people in Jipsburg had already forgotten that Joe was once its CEO. 
During this time, Lizzie was interviewed by many media outlets about Joe’s disappearance, and the internet was filled with reports of her heartbreak. 
Lizzie used the opportunity to announce that she would take a one–year break. 
Shortly after that, Gloria also moved out of Jipsburg to retire in Murida. A month after Gloria left, Skylar made her way to Murida as well. 
Three years passed in the blink of an eye. [1 
At the airport, Skylar raised her luggage and headed outside. Just as she was about to hail a cab, a car pulled up in front of her. 
The car window rolled down, revealing a handsome face in front of Skylar. 
“I checked today’s flight from Murida to Jipsburg. You didn’t tell us the time because you didn’t want to disrupt our work, right?” 
Charles drove a low–key MPV worth around 200 thousand dollars. No one would expect a major celebrity to arrive at the airport in such an unassuming vehicle. 
Recently, he had a film that just premiered, and it received outstanding reviews, breaking box office records for the year. As one of the hottest male celebrities at the moment, he was riding a wave of popularity. 
Wherever he went, he was easily recognized by fans. 
Seeing Skylar with a large suitcase, Charles immediately got out of the car and loaded it into the truck. Noticing that someone was looking his way, he lowered his voice and said, “Get in the car quickly.” 
Skylar knew that Charles was currently very popular, so she got in right away. 
Once inside, she couldn’t help but smile at him and said, “Charles, you’re quite extraordinary now. In just three years, you’ve already won two major awards.” 
It had been a little over three years since she left Jipsburg City, a time that felt both–long and short. This was her first time back since she had moved. 
As she gazed out at the familiar sights of Jipsburg from the car window, memories began to flood her mind. A trace of melancholy flashed in her eyes, but she quickly buried it deep down. “Mom and
Steven are at home cooking your favorite dishes. Before I left, I made a special dish that will definitely blow your mind,” Charles said, glancing at her from the corner of his eyes. 
Seeing Skylar staring intently at the scenery outside, he noticed a subtle sadness in her expression that was hard to detect. His heart sank as he thought of the reason for her three- year stay in Murida. 
They all understood why she had spent three years in Murida. 
It was because she had always believed that Joe was still alive. Living in Murida allowed her to keep searching for Joe and stay updated on any news about him. 
Yet, three years had passed without a trace of him. The hope of finding Joe alive was becoming increasingly slim. 
Just like their father, who had drowned years ago. They had searched endlessly but could never recover his body. 
and They had realized too late that he had fallen into the water, and by the time they started looking, a day and night had already passed. The water level had risen during that time, the current had become fierce. Many had fallen in over the years, leaving no remains behind. 
Life was indeed unpredictable. 
As they chatted, they quickly reached the city center. 
As they neared home, Skylar’s phone began to ring incessantly. The first call was from Natalie. 
###chapter1162
 1169
Natalie said, “Are you back, Skye? I don’t care what you say. Since you’re back, you need to spend today with your mom and brother. Tomorrow, it’s just you and me.” 
Her tone was firm. 
Skylar smiled and reassured her. “Alright, alright. Tomorrow is all yours.” 
This time, she would stay for a month. 
It was time for her return, especially since a negative item that had been absent for over three years had recently resurfaced. 
Many had become curious about collecting antiques three years ago because of her. However, as time passed and the negative items faded from the market, almost everyone forgot about 
their existence. 
Just half a month ago, another incident occurred with the Ruell family. 
Vera had fallen victim to the negative item twice. This time, when things went wrong again, everyone immediately suspected it was linked to the negative item and reached out to Skylar. 
The Hughes family had also faced trouble. Jeremy had contacted her just a couple of days ago. 
Before returning, she had a discussion with Gloria. The reappearance of the negative item 
indicated that Kevin was back. 
Although they didn’t know why he had been missing for over three years, the fact that he had resurfaced meant she needed to return and find him. 
Three years could feel short or long, and Jipsburg City seemed to have changed little. It looked much the same as when she had left three years ago. 
After ending the call with Natalie, she received a call from Lizzie. 
She had been on a world tour for the past year and had just returned to Jipsburg City. They arranged to grab dinner in a few days. 
After ending the call, Skylar thought of Muriel. After she moved to Murida, Muriel had reached out, knowing that Lizzie had introduced her current job. 
Although Lizzie and Muriel still felt something for each other, they hadn’t met in person for three years for various reasons. However, thanks to Muriel’s addition and under Janine’s guidance, Sullance Group had grown significantly 
They now had over 20 live–streaming influencers, and their product range was not limited to jewelry. A variety of clothing and other general merchandise were featured in their broadcasts. Because of their strict selection criteria, they had a high level of fan loyalty, with their main 
account boasting over 40 million followers. 
Even if Skylar did nothing now, she 
she could just wake 
just wake up and count her earnings. 
Skylar reflected on how Janine was truly astute in business. Muriel had also made a name for herself online as a designer, and her jewelry was selling exceptionally well. 
Meanwhile, Steven and Mona were stable in their relationship, and they were now preparing for their wedding. 
As for Charles, his focus remained solely on his career. He hadn’t considered dating yet. ely on his career. He hadn’t considered dating yet. Harvey had one more year until he graduated from college and was currently preparing for his graduate school entrance exams. 
While Skylar pondered over the events of the past few years, she had unknowingly arrived 
home. 
The house was the one she purchased a few years ago, which Janine had moved into three years ago. It had four bedrooms, so everyone had a place to stay when they came home. However, tonight, she didn’t plan to stay at home. She wanted to visit Galaxy Villa instead. Edgar had been helping to tidy up the villa, so she could move in right away once she returned. As soon as she stepped through the front door, Janine rushed to embrace her. 
“Welcome back, Skye! It’s so good to see you. Dinner is ready, and it’s all your favorite dishes, “Janine said, her eyes glistening with emotion. 
Though three years might seem short for many, they felt incredibly long for Skylar. Life had been particularly cruel to her. 
“I just heard from Charles on the way here that everyone made their signature dishes. I’ve missed your cooking so much while I was abroad. I’m definitely going to indulge tonight,” Skylar said with a beaming smile as she held Janine and walked inside. 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
? 
X 
###chapter1163
 1170
Claim b 
The dining table was filled with dishes, all of Skylar’s favorites. It was the first time in three years that the family sat together for a meal. 
“This is so delicious! Steven, Charles, and Harvey, your cooking skills have really improved, and Mom’s dishes are just as amazing as ever,” skylar said, hardly able to pause between bites. 
In Murida, having maids made it easy to get any type of Flaon cuisine she wanted, but it still lacked the flavor of home. Over the past three years, everyone around her had gone through so much, and they all stayed connected through video calls every day. 
However, nothing compared to being together in person. Janine couldn’t help but feel heartbroken as she noticed that Skylar had lost quite a bit of weight since three years ago. 
“Eat more,” she urged. 
“Okay,” Skylar obediently piled her plate with another serving of mashed potatoes. 
In total, she consumed three servings, feeling stuffed to the brim. 
After the meal, the family sat together and chatted, enjoying each other’s company until night 
fell. 
Eventually, Charles drove her back to Galaxy Villa. After a gap of three and a half years, she stood in front of the villa and paused momentarily at the entrance. 
Everywhere she looked, she saw remnants of her life with Joe. Everything remained exactly as it had been three years ago–clean and tidy. 
If it hadn’t been for all that had transpired during those years, she might have felt as if 
nothing had changed. 
It was as if she had returned to three years ago–to a time when Joe was still by her side. 
Skylar quickly shook off the thoughts that dragged her back into the past and speculation. She walked directly inside and headed upstairs. 
She had just lay down in bed after showering, when Gloria’s international call came through. 
“Edgar mentioned you’ll be staying at Galaxy Villa while you’re in Jipsburg. Please be careful since you’ll be alone, and don’t forget to activate the security systèm at the house,” Gloria said 
with concern in her voice. 
Listening to Gloria’s voice brought Skylar comfort. She smiled as she replied, “During my time away, please take care of yourself, Grandma. Be sure to follow the doctor’s advice and take your medicine on time.” 
“Alright, alright. We’ll both take care of ourselves. Focus on your own matters, and if anything comes up, just reach out to Alexander and George for help.” 
“Okay, Grandma.” Once they both reassured each other of their well–being, they ended the 
call. 
Initially, she wasn’t tired. But as she lay in bed, she unknowingly drifted off to sleep. In a half- dream state, she seemed to see that familiar mist again. 
She raised her hand to disperse the fog. 
Amidst the chaos, a figure seemed to materialize. When she recognized that familiar silhouette, her heart jolted. 
“Joe…” she called out as she hurried toward him. 
As she approached, she hoped to see if it was truly Joe. To her surprise, he turned to look at her. 
His features were all too familiar. It was Joe, it was him. 
But for some reason, when he looked at her, it felt as though he was gazing at a stranger. His 
eyes 
held no emotion. 
It was as if he could hear her calling him. He kept staring at her,
###chapter1164
 1171
Skylar gasped, “Joe, you’re still alive!” 
However, that one exclamation pulled her dream back into reality. She abruptly opened her 
eyes. 
As she surveyed her familiar surroundings, the soft glow of the room gently reminded her that it had all been a dream. 
Since Joe’s incident, this was the first time in over three years that she dreamt of him. Her heart raced like a drum. This dream felt like a sign. 
Joe must still be alive. An inexplicable sense of certainly washed over her. Deep down, she felt she would find Joe. 
When she checked her phone, she saw that it was 3:00 a.m. Since she couldn’t fall back asleep, she opened her WhatsApp to check for messages. 
Aiken had sent her a message four hours ago, asking if she had time to meet up in the next few days. She replied that she would likely be available in about a week. 
After meeting with Natalie tomorrow, she planned to take care of some matters regarding the Ruell family the following day and then visit Hughes Residence. 
This would be the perfect opportunity to brainstorm how to uncover the identity of the person behind everything. 
Her mind was suddenly flooded with thoughts. Sleep had completely evaded her, so she left her bedroom and headed downstairs for a glass of water. 
Sitting on 
couch and sipping her water, she gazed at everything in the villa. Before she 
knew it, dawn had broken. 
Just as she was about to set her phone down and prepare breakfast, she noticed a news headline on her screen. 
A founder of a newly emerging tech company was set to visit Jipsburg City in the coming days, and many leading tech companies in the city were eager to seize the opportunity to collaborate. 
She remembered hearing about this person recently. Sometimes, she would come across news about him while scrolling through social media. This tech company was established in Murida. 
The company’s CEO was known to be quite mysterious. The company had only been established for two years, yet it had emerged as a surprising contender, standing out among many companies and firmly establishing itself in the market. 
It was said that the founder was a Clusian. He was very young but also very enigmatic. Hardly 
anyone outside the company had ever seen him. 
However, he had a fiancée, and the two were very affectionate. Since he hadn’t accepted any visitors and disliked being photographed, there were hardly any photos of him online. 
Perhaps because she hadn’t slept well, her mind began to wander. A simple news story made her recall some information she had come across 
After finishing breakfast, Natalie arrived at the Galaxy Villa. 
This was Natalie’s first visit. As she stepped inside, she looked around in awe. 
“This place is huge. Aren’t you scared of living here alone? Do you want to come stay at my place for a while?” 
Skylar shook her head. “Not for now, I’m used to this place.” 
“That makes sense. You lived here before going abroad.” Natalie didn’t press further. She had an inkling about Skylar’s situation. 
Skylar had chosen to stay at Galaxy Villa because of Joe. But after three years had passed, it seemed that Skylar had not moved on. 
Everyone knew that Joe couldn’t possibly still be alive, yet it seemed only Skylar believed he 
was. 
“Why don’t you sit down and relax? Would you like something to drink? I have coffee, smoothies, juice, and yogurt,” Skylar asked as she made her way to the kitchen. 
Edgar had stocked the refrigerator and kitchen with everything she could possibly want. 
Natalie took a seat. “I’ll go with a smoothie. I gained seven or eight pounds recently. After nearly a month of dieting, I finally lost some weight. I’m starving. Today is my cheat day, I plan to indulge.” 
“‘Alright, I’ll make sure you’re satisfied. What do you want for lunch?” Skylar asked with a 
smile. 
There were many flavors of smoothie at home, so she prepared a cup in Natalie’s favorite flavor. Without a second thought, Natalie responded, “Fondue.” 
“Sure.” 
Just as Skylar agreed, Natalie’s phone rang. 
“They want to borrow the venue for filming? This isn’t the first time someone wants to rent the venue. Just negotiate the price with them… Do they really need to talk to me in person? And they want to rent it for half a month?” 
After Skylar approached, Natalie hung up the phone. “Skye, how about trying the coffee from my café?” 
###chapter1165
 1172
At the Solace Café, Skylar and Natalle arrived an hour later. 
The head of the film crew, Eddie Byrd, had been waiting at the Solace Café, 
After Skylar sat down, a staff member brought her a cup of coffee. She sipped her coffee while watching Natalie converse with Eddie. 
Natalie hesitated, considering whether to accept the offer since the crew needed to close the café for several hours each day, which would severely impact business. 
The main concern was whether the payment would be worth it. Just as Natalie was contemplating this, Eddie said, “The price is negotiable. Just name your figure. 
“Your café’s decor perfectly matches the theme of our film. Plus, I can promise that the café’s name will remain unchanged in the film, and we’ll promote it without conditions.” 
Natalie’s eyes widened in disbelief. This was a fantastic opportunity that felt like winning the lottery. Not only would she earn money, but she would also receive free advertising. 
The decor of her café was indeed unique. When she worked with the designer, she contributed plenty of her own ideas, putting in a lot of effort and creativity to make it just right. 
Over the past two years, her business had flourished, leading to the opening of two more branches. But if she could get free publicity, her café could expand into a chain, boosting its brand presence significantly. 
This was fantastic news. After only a minute of contemplation, Natalie agreed to the offer and discussed the payment terms for half a month. 
Once they wrapped up and sent the crew off, Natalie couldn’t contain her joy any longer. With a beaming smile, she exclaimed, “Skye, I’m about to become a rich woman. Hahaha! I’m just one step away from financial freedom. I always knew I had some luck on my side.” 
Skylar had listened attentively throughout their conversation. Looking at the clever and spirited Natalie, she sincerely gave her a thumbs up and said, “Our Natalie is getting better and better.” 
“I closed a big deal today and made a lot of money. For lunch, order whatever you want–eat as much as you like.” Natalie couldn’t hide her excitement. It had been a long time since she had been this happy. 
Over the past three years, she had started her own business, and her parents were in good health. Her relationship with Jeremy had returned to just being friends, and life was comfortable. 
However, from time to time, she felt like something was missing deep inside. But with her carefree nature, she never paid much attention to it. 
For lunch, the two of them went to a fondue restaurant. 
Since all the private rooms were booked, they sat in the main dining area, which was crowded. Almost every table was full. 
They used to come to this fondue restaurant regularly years ago, and business was still booming. 
They ordered a large spread of food–lobster, crab, and prawns–and ate at a leisurely pace, chatting as they went. 
“Now that you’re back, does this mean you’re staying for good?” Natalie asked, looking a bit reluctant to let Skylar go. 
Even though video calls on Instagram were convenient, and they could chat anytime, it wasn’t the same as sitting down face–to–face for a heart–to–heart conversation. 
Skylar replied, “I’ll stay for a while, but I’ll head back eventually. Grandma needs me.” 
Besides, the dream she had last night was likely a sign. It was telling her Joe was still alive, and she was close to finding him. 
Now that she was back in Jipsburg, she planned to handle everything here before returning to 
Murida. 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
###chapter1166
 1173
Claim 
Natalie let out a sigh. “Alright then.” 
The unpredictability of life was overwhelming. So much had happened in the past few years. Looking back, she realized that college was a simpler time. She had fewer worries and felt 
Carefree 
After graduation, she truly understood the realities of adulthood. It was filled with unavoidable challenges, and there were only a few things she could actually control. 
Fortunately, she had managed to cut off all romantic feelings, sparing herself the pain of love. 
“Maybe I’ll be back soon. I have a feeling I’ll still be here in Jipsburg City in the future. After all, you’re here, and so are my family,” Skylar sald with a smile. 
She felt a twinge of reluctance seeing Natalie look so down. 
Natalie’s eyes brightened instantly. “Then I’ll wait for you.” 
It seemed that Skylar had come to terms with letting go of Joe. Elliott still didn’t have a girlfriend. Whenever they met, he would talk about people he could fall for at first sight and dismiss everyone else. 
It was clear he was talking about Skylar. If things worked out, she would definitely play matchmaker. 
“Have you heard? The CEO of Hawking Technologies is in Jipsburg today. Our project lead is trying to find a way to meet him,” someone said. 
“That guy is a legend. He started from nothing and built that tech company to its current scale in just three years. He’s my idol. If I get the chance, I absolutely have to meet him,” another added. 
“There’s a big charity gala coming up in a few days. He might attend, and I might have a chance to go with our chairman.” 
“If you meet him, let us know if he actually has any superpowers. 
11 
“I heard our chairman wants to introduce his daughter to him, but I also heard he has a fiancée. He’s pretty mysterious. There aren’t even any photos of him online. They say he’s around 30–really impressive.” 
Several people had obviously had quite a bit to drink, and the atmosphere of the fondue restaurant made their voices rise unconsciously. The conversation was loud and clear. 
Skylar found herself slightly distracted by their conversation. Sh 
had just read about Hawking Technologies in the news that morning. Now, hearing others talk about the CEO again piqued her curiosity for some reason. 
Natalie noticed that Skylar seemed a bit distracted, so she decided not to interrupt 
“Were you talking about the Hughes family?” Skylar asked, coming back to her senses. 
Natalie smiled and nodded. “Yeah, the Hughes family is quite complicated. I’ve heard a lot about their recent troubles from my parents. Jeremy’s cousins, Walters Hughes and Maurice Hughes,
were recently accused of molesting a young girl. But they both deny it, claiming they don’t remember anything. 
“Yet there’s video evidence. They can’t refute that. One of Jeremy’s uncles, Grover Hughes, had been acting erratically. He lost control of his emotions and lashed out at people uncontrollably. The Hughes family has had to pay quite a bit for that. 
“It’s all quite bizarre. The Hughes family is wealthy, so you can demand a little more money. 
“Okay, Jeremy has already transferred me five million dollars,” Skylar replied with a nod. 
Upon hearing the amount, Natalie gave her a thumbs up. “That’s my girl, Skye. You really know how to make money.” 
In the end, they didn’t finish all the dishes on the table, leaving some leftovers. 
Adhering to the principle of not wasting food, Natalie packed everything the leftovers to take home, planning to store them in the fridge. She thought she could buy some fondue ingredients tomorrow to have another round of fondue at home. 
Just as they stepped out of the fondue restaurant, a crowd rushed past them toward the mall across the street. 
“What are those people up to? Is there a promotional event at the mall?” Natalie asked, her curiosity piqued. 
Skylar was intrigued as well. “Let’s go check it out.” 
They waited at the traffic light for a few seconds, preparing to cross the street when an MPV passed right in front of them. 
The rear window of the MPV was partially lowered, and Skylar caught a fleeting glimpse of a man in the backseat, his profile visible for just an instant before disappearing from view. She felt her body tense up suddenly. 
###chapter1167
 1174
Chapter 117% 
Skylar rushed after the MAPV, but it was moving too fast for her to catch up. It wasn’t until she heard Natalle calling her name from bedind that she snapped back to reality. 
Her body fell stiff as she stared at the traffic ahead, which had already swallowed the MPV from her view. Confusion washed over her as she tried to process what she had just seems. 
The person she had just glimpsed inside the MP even from just a profile, looked almost identical to Joe, 
A few minutes later, Skylar returned to Natalie, who watched her with concern. “What just happened back there?” Natalie asked, her worry evident. 
“It’s nothing, I just saw someone in a car who looked a bit familiar, and I momentarily forgot I was on the street and chased after it,” Skylar explained nonchalantly, trying to downplay the situation. 
Natalie hesitated, sensing there was more to Skylar’s words. She could guess who Skylar meant by familiar. 
There were many people in the world who resembled others, and there were certainly plenty who looked like Joe. But three years had passed, and it seemed Skylar still hadn’t moved on. Just the thought of it made Natalie feel a pang of sympathy. As they reached the shopping mall, they were met with a throng of people crowding the five floors of the building. 
With the massive crowd, it seemed impossible to get inside. “What’s going on? Why are there so many people?” Natalie asked a nearby mall security guard, Stuart Maxwell. 
Stuart shrugged as if this was a common occurrence. Seeing the confusion on their faces, he chuckled and explained, “You two are in your 20s, right? It’s the perfect age to be a fan. Didn’t you
know? Today, the mall is hosting an event featuring Austin Powell, the award–winning actor.” 
Natalie’s expression changed instantly. It was as if she were shocked. Stuart added, “There have been celebrities here before, but never with such a big crowd. The entire mall is packed right now. 
“You two arrived too late, and you definitely won’t be able to get in. For your safety, it’s best not to push through.” 
Skylar was also a bit surprised. Three years ago, Austin suddenly announced his temporary departure from the entertainment industry to take a break. 
During these three years, he had become virtually invisible, with paparazzi and reporters unable to catch a glimpse of him. 
He had not accepted any film roles or attended award ceremonies, yet his absence only 
amplified his influence. Even without news or new projects for three years, his first public appearance today attracted such a large crowd, 
This clearly showed just how powerful he remained in the industry. 
However… 
Skylar glanced at Natalie. 
After a moment of surprise, Natalie smiled and replied to Stuart, “Thank you for the heads- up. So it’s Austin. No wonder there are so many people. I guess we won’t be able to get in. It seems we’re not meant to meet him.” 
Stuart chuckled and said, “You can always go home and watch Austin’s movies. I just saw him in person, and he looks just like he does on screen.” 
“Okay, thanks!” Natalie said. After a brief exchange, Natalie took Skylar’s hand, and they left 
the mall. 
As they walked away, it felt almost like they were fleeing. Once outside, Natalie’s mood had noticeably dropped. Skylar noticed but chose not to address it directly. 
It seemed there was some backstory behind Natalie’s departure from Austin three years ago. 
The next day, Skylar drove to Ruell Residence. Vera had been waiting for her at the front door for several minutes. 
###chapter1168
 1175
Vera had transformed into a completely different person after experiencing so much over the years. She had become more composed and restrained, shedding the insolence and arrogance of her younger self. 
Yet, the essence of her character remained unchanged. Sometimes, the true state of one’s heart could be seen through fleeting expressions and the slightest shifts in demeanor. 
Skylar had just stepped out of her car when Vera rushed up to her. “I’ve been waiting for you.” 
Seeing Skylar lifted Vera’s spirits. To be honest, she wasn’t sure Skylar would come. 
So much had happened in recent years. Jipsburg City was no longer the same as it had been three years ago, and Vera herself had changed as well. 
“Let’s go inside and take a look,” Skylar said with a nod. 
Vera provided an update on the recent situation as they entered Ruell Residence. The recent troubles involved Vera’s grandfather, Denton, and one of her uncles, Marlon. Both had been experiencing similar symptoms. 
At night, they would become like different people–irritable, insomnia, and even rambling incoherently in their dreams. Occasionally, they could manage only an hour of sleep. 
This cycle of poor sleep and insomnia was becoming vicious. Before long, both of them were in even worse emotional states. 
Denton had been hospitalized for health issues a few years ago. Over the past three years, his health had been sporadically deteriorating. 
At his age, insomnia had taken a significant toll on him. 
The family kept an oxygen machine at home, and he often needed supplemental oxygen, even going downstairs became challenging for him. 
and 
As for Marlon, he had fallen into severe depression. It had led to his divorce, and now he no longer recognized his own son. Recently, he had even attempted suicide multiple times, creating chaos in the family. 
“In the past two years, my grandpa started collecting antiques again, which I only recently learned about. Everyone thought the negative items were gone, so we didn’t pay much 
attention. 
“At first, when my grandpa and Uncle Marlon began to experience insomnia and emotional issues, we thought it was just illness. But now, I can’t help but wonder if it’s related to those negative items.” 
Vera sighed, wishing she had the ability to detect negative items. Unfortunately, that wasn’t a 
skill she possessed 
The so–called experts in lipsburg merely said that this year was their bad luck year, among other astrological terms. 
After consulting them, there had been no progress or changes in Denton and Marlon’s condition 
It was only later that Vera considered the possibility of a negative item being involved. This led her to contact Natalie, who then got her in touch with Skylar, currently in Murida. 
After listening to Vera’s detailed account, Skylar nodded in understanding, “Okay, I see.” However, she knew that she needed to see the things in person to confirm anything. As soon as she entered the villa, a chill swept over her back. 
She noticed Vera wrapping herself tighter in her cashmere shawl from the corner of her eye. 
“It’s a bit cold. Do you want me to get you a shawl?” Vera immediately asked. 
Skylar shook her head. “Not for now, thanks.” 
In the past three years, Skylar had grown. Although she hadn’t dealt with negative items abroad, she had dedicated herself to studying. 
She had read almost all the metaphysics books left behind by Viola. What had once been difficult to understand became surprisingly easy to grasp over the past three years, as if she had suddenly found clarity. 
Skylar could even read some experiences from a person’s features. 
“Has anyone died in this villa in the past year?” she whispered, keeping her voice low so only Vera could hear. 
Vera’s expression shifted to one of shock, admiration, and respect, all clearly reflected in her gaze as she looked at Skylar. 
###chapter1169
 1176
Vera asked, “How did you know? It was one of the maids. She was cleaning the stairs when she accidentally fell. They rushed her to the hospital, but after two days, she didn’t make it.” 
She sighed after speaking. 
Moira Townsend had worked for Denton for over 20 years. To have such a tragic end was something she hadn’t expected. They had compensated Moira’s family, and that was how the matter was resolved. 
After hearing this, Skylar didn’t say much. Instead, she went to see Denton. He lay in bed, his face pale and exhausted. 
When he saw Skylar, he gave her a glance, but there was no spark of life in his eyes. His long- term insomnia, constant nightmares, and growing irritability had drained him of energy. With age, it only became worse, leaving him completely depleted. 
After exchanging just a few words with Skylar, he was too exhausted to continue and soon closed his eyes to rest again. 
Skylar then walked through the entire villa, checking the antiques Denton had collected. Nothing seemed out of place. She had an idea but wasn’t certain yet. “Let’s visit your uncle’s house next,” Skylar suggested. 
Vera quickly responded, “Sure, my uncle and his family are waiting at home.” 
As they were about to leave the villa, Skylar’s gaze suddenly shifted to a maid, Ursula 
Fairbank, who was mopping the floor nearby. 
Ursula appeared to be in her early 20s, with a slightly plump figure and an average face. She was the kind of person who wouldn’t leave much of an impression at first glance. 
“What is it?” Vera asked in a low voice, noticing Skylar had stopped to look at Ursula. 
Skylar said, “The necklace she’s wearing–I want to take a closer look.” 
Vera paused for a moment, then walked over to Ursula. She said, “Let me see your necklace.” 
Ursula, who had been busy mopping the floor, suddenly froze. Her face turned pale as she quickly responded, “It’s just an ordinary emerald pendant. If you like it, I can send you the link where I bought it online.‘ 
To be honest, this kind of plain, low–quality necklace wasn’t Vera’s taste. Luxury items never appeared on online shopping platforms. 
She smiled and said, “Just send me the link later. But for now, let me have a look.” 
If Skylar hadn’t wanted to see the necklace, Vera wouldn’t have insisted on seeing a maid’s necklace. But Skylar always had her reasons, and Vera trusted her. 
Ursula bit her lip, clearly hesitant to comply. But in the end, she reluctantly took off the necklace and handed it over. 
Vera brought the necklace back to Skylar. As Skylar accepted it, she noticed the nervous tension in Ursula’s expression, something she couldn’t quite hide. 
Skylar’s expression darkened as she studied the pendant. 
Vera was confused. “What’s going on?” she thought, noticing the shift in Skylar’s mood. 
Skylar approached Ursula, holding the necklace up. “Did you buy this necklace, or was it a gift from someone?” 
Ursula’s eyes darted away 
from Skylar. “I… I bought it. Can I have it back now? I’m just used to wearing it, and when it’s not on me, I feel… uneasy.” 
“Sure,” Skylar replied calmly. 
Ursula quickly took the necklace back and immediately put it on, as if she was afraid that 
Skylar and Vera would confiscate it or not return it at all. 
###chapter1170
 1177
Skylar observed Ursula’s subtle expressions, noting every change in her demeanor. 
Vera couldn’t hold back her confusion as they stepped out of the villa. She asked, “Is there something wrong with that necklace?” 
Skylar’s response was direct. “What’s the relationship between that maid and the one who fell down the stairs and died?” 
Vera was caught off guard by the question. “They’re mother and daughter.” 
Hearing this, Skylar’s expression became more serious. She nodded slowly. “Then that makes 
sense.” 
But Vera was even more confused and wondered what Skylar meant. What did her family’s situation have to do with the maid? 
Seeing the look of puzzlement on Vera’s face, Skylar didn’t explain further. “We don’t need to go to your uncle’s house just yet. Let’s find somewhere we can talk.” 
Vera had a nagging feeling that things were far more complicated than they seemed. Doubts filled her mind as she pointed to a path nearby. “If we head down this way, there’s an artificial lake. It’s usually deserted and very quiet.” 
“That’ll do.” Skylar agreed. 
They walked for about ten minutes before arriving at the lake. Though it was man–made, it was large. Indeed, just as Vera had mentioned, the area was deserted. 
It was the perfect spot for camping or having a quiet barbecue, a place where one could unwind. However, the serenity of the place didn’t ease Vera’s growing sense of dread. 
The Ruell family had been going through a lot lately. Their position in Jipsburg had been declining over the past two years. Vera was fully aware that things weren’t looking good for them. She couldn’t bear the thought of any more blows coming their way. 
“Can you tell me now?” she asked, her voice tentative, laced with worry. 
Skylar stared at the clear water, her tone calm yet heavy. “What’s happening with your family is beyond my control.” 
“What?” Vera was shocked. She was baffled, wondering how it could possibly be beyond her control. What had caused this sudden change? 
Skylar nodded slowly. “You should go back and ask your grandfather and uncle if they’ve done anything that weighs on their conscience. They might know the exact reason behind the maid’s death in that unfortunate accident on the stairs.” 
Vera was still struggling to understand everything, but some thoughts began to take shape in 
her mind. 
“Does that mean the maid we just saw had some sort of issue? Is the problem related to her?” 
she inquired. 
Skylar’s expression remained neutral as she replied, “The real issue doesn’t lie with her. It’s with your grandfather and your uncle.” 
The saying went, “If you have nothing to hide, you have nothing to fear.” 
This was certainly true for Denton and Marlon. They both experienced sleepless nights filled with nightmares because of the guilty deeds they had committed. 
While there might be some influences from negative items, the root cause of their troubles stemmed from their malicious thoughts. 
Vera paused, then suddenly remembered something. 
Every family hid some dirty secrets beneath their polished 
. Howerror beneath that fa?ade, century–long history, appeared glamorous on the acade. The Ruell family, with its 
there were things that remained concealed from the public eye. 
In the past, Vera had witnessed certain scenes that made her uneasy. Being young and influenced by those around her, she used to think that the maids, yearning for wealth, sold themselves out of greed. 
People like that were ordinary yet greedy, and she looked down on those maids for their avarice. Eventually, everyone tacitly understood the hidden truths. 
“Okay, I understand. Thank you for coming here. 
Skylar glanced at the time, recalling how frightened Ursula had looked earlier. “If your grandfather and uncle realize they’ve done something wrong, they should seek forgiveness from that maid. If they can’t resolve this perfectly, their time will soon run out.” 
It seemed that Denton and Marlon believed the lives of ordinary people were expendable, using them to satisfy their dirty desires. 
“Alright, I understand,” Vera said, her expression turning serious. 
At that moment, she grasped that Skylar had already deduced the true cause of Moira’s death. She hadn’t thought much of it before, but now the pieces were falling into place. 
Skylar’s mind raced with images, leading her to a deeper understanding of the family’s hidden sins. 
###chapter1171
 1178
Denton and Marlon were forcing Moira, a beautiful woman in her 40s, to kneel in a dimly lit 
room. 
Tension escalated as a stack of cash was thrown in her face. 
They then began to pressure her to serve them. However, Moira refused, panic evident as she pointed toward the door. 
She was clearly worried that someone was outside, her lips moving to say, “My daughter is here too. Don’t let her see this.” 
But at that moment, no one was willing to listen to her. Marlon was solely focused on seeking pleasure and forced Moira down to her knees. 
Denton appeared increasingly agitated as he watched the scene unfold. Moira struggled fiercely, using all her strength to push Marlon away. 
She then opened the door and ran outside. In her haste, she accidentally tripped and fell down the stairs. 
Skylar furrowed her brow at the vivid scene. Any woman witnessing this would feel a wave of discomfort. Some people, emboldened by their wealth, acted without regard for the wishes of 
others. 
As a daughter, seeking revenge for her mother was entirely justified. Besides, Ursula, who lost her mother, had experienced similar bullying at the hands of those two men. 
Skylar took a deep breath. 
As she prepared to leave, she told Vera to let Ursula contact her, mentioning that she knew the origin of the small pendant. 
She was confident that when Ursula heard those words, she would seek her out. After Skylar’s car drove away, Vera went to find Ursula and relayed Skylar’s message. 
Upon hearing Vera’s words, Ursula quickly lowered her head to conceal her startled 
expression. Vera was preoccupied with her own thoughts and failed to notice Ursula’s change in demeanor. 
She hurried upstairs to find Denton. She wanted to know what Denton and Marlon had done, She was curious about how Moira, who had worked in their household for 20 years, had fallen down the stairs. 
After leaving Ruell Residence, Skylar drove down the road where she had eaten fondue with Natalie the day before. 
Once she parked her car, she stood by the roadside, watching the flow of people and traffic. 
The fleeting face she had glimpsed yesterday kept appearing in her mind. Although it had only been a casual glance, it had lodged itself in her memory. 
The profile resembled Joe’s quite a bit. 
The more she thought about it, the more striking the resemblance became. 
Standing at the intersection, she quietly watched the changing red and green traffic lights. Everything around her seemed to grow quiet, leaving only the stream of vehicles in her view. She knew her actions might seem silly, but standing there brought her an inexplicable sense of peace. She continued to stand there until a phone call jolted her back to reality. 
“Skye, are you coming home for dinner tonight?” Janine asked her. 
She glanced at her watch and realized she had been standing there for an entire hour. Time had slipped away without her even noticing. 
“Sure, I’ll head home now.‘ 
“Take your time on the road, drive slowly.” 
“Okay.” 
After hanging up, she took one last look at the traffic before turning decisively toward the parking lot. 
Just as she turned to leave, an MPV stopped at the intersection, waiting for the light to change. Inside, a man, Ned Sowle, glanced out the window. 
His gaze fell on the woman walking briskly away. Her alluring figure and flowing black hair swayed with her movements. 
In an instant, he was entranced. 
As the light turned green and the driver, Brian Shelton, was about to drive through the intersection, Ned abruptly commanded, “Wait a moment.” 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
Claim 
###chapter1172
 1179
The honking from behind was incessant, but Ned seemed oblivious to it. It wasn’t until the woman’s figure vanished from sight that he finally withdrew his gaze completely. 
The woman sitting beside him, Rosa Reese, noticed his distraction and asked softly, “Are you feeling that headache again? I’ve made an appointment with a doctor, he’s skilled in acupuncture. Maybe he can help relieve your insomnia and headaches.” 
Ned’s expression was stern as he raised his hand to press against his forehead. The woman he had just seen…. 
“By the way, what were you looking at just now?” she asked. Rosa glanced out the window, but there was nothing particularly special outside. 
Only a few restaurants, including one fondue restaurant. 
“Nothing much. Let’s go,” Ned replied. 
While having dinner with Janine, Skylar received a call from an unknown number. She had a 
the young maid from Ruell Residence. hunch who it might b 
“Hello?” 
– 
“This is Ursula Fairbank. Ms. Sullivan, you met me today and looked at my necklace, saying you recognized the origin of the emerald pendant.” Ursula’s voice was low, and it was clear she was
quite nervous. 
Pected a 
to recognize where her emerald pe 
She probably hadn’t came from. Skylar signaled to Janine that she needed to take a call and moved to the balcony. 
Once there, she spoke softly, “Did the person who gave you the pendant mention if it would have any effects on you aside from the purpose he described?” 
Ursula was taken aback. “What? An effect on me?” 
She had no idea about any of this and hadn’t thought much about it. 
“Have you been to the hospital recently for a termination?” Skylar asked, maintaining a soft tone with a hint of concern. 
Ursula and Moira seemed to have no other way to respond to the bullying from those who could dictate their fate. Aside from fear and feeble resistance, there was little else they could 
1. do. 
Ursula drew in a sharp breath. 
Skylar listened intently on her phone. Shortly after, Ursula hurriedly ended the call. 
Skylar glanced at the disconnected call and saved the unfamiliar number, labeling it “Ursula“. 
Inside Ruell Residence, Ursula abruptly ended the call and began crying softly. She was careful not to let her sobs grow too loud, fearing someone might hear her. 
Looking down at the necklace hanging around her neck, she found some comfort in the small emerald pendant. Over the past few months since her mother’s death, it had provided her with a source of solace. 
She felt genuinely happy witnessing the people who bullied her and her mother finally facing the consequences of their actions. 
She hadn’t considered the future. So, if the emerald pendant were to harm her, it wouldn’t matter. They had already ruined her life; her mother was gone, and there was nothing left for her to care about. 
She had previously dreamed of saving money and returning to the countryside to marry her boyfriend. They would build a two–story house together and live happily. But after everything she had experienced, she couldn’t bear the thought of returning to marry him. 
Tears streamed down her face. At that moment, Vera stood outside Ursula’s door. 
Several maids lived on the lower floor. 
Vera hesitated, contemplating whether to knock and call Ursula out. 
Whether it was Denton or Marlon, they wouldn’t say a word no matter how much she asked. Denton seemed especially agitated, lost in thought, struggling to breathe as if he might faint at any moment. 
This made her abandon the idea of seeking answers. 
Finally, she mustered the courage to knock on the door. 
“Ursula, are you in there? I’d like to talk to you.” 
The door opened quickly. 
Ursula looked at Vera with swollen eyes. “You… You’ve been crying? Did someone bully you?” 
Vera asked. 
Ursula shook her head. “Did you need something Ms. Ruell?” 
###chapter1173
 1180
Vera said to Ursula, “Let’s go for a walk.” 
Vera understood that this was not the right place for a conversation. Soon, the other maids would return to rest after finishing their tasks. 
Although she could guess some things, she wanted to hear them confirmed. 
After all, Skylar’s words made her feel something serious was happening. Otherwise, Skylar 
wouldn’t have said she couldn’t control it. 
Denton had always treated her well since she was a child, and she couldn’t just stand by and 
watch him suffer. 
A few minutes later, Vera and Ursula stepped outside the villa. 
Under the night sky, everything was quiet. Ursula kept her head lowered. 
Vera had never paid much attention to the maids before. She hadn’t even taken a close look at them. Now, as she looked closely at Ursula, she realized how beautiful she was. Just 20 years old, she was in the bloom of youth and had a vibrant appearance. 
“Ms. Ruell, what do you want to ask me?” Ursula asked, feeling uncomfortable under Vera’s scrutiny, especially when it came to members of the Ruell family. It reminded her of Denton and Marlon, who had bullied her. 
Those two had the same look in their eyes when they were bullying her–intimidating and suffocating, like she could never escape. 
She was terrified. They had taken so many pictures and videos of her. They threatened that if she ever told anyone, those images would spread everywhere. 
The police wouldn’t believe her either. They would assume she was just upset about the money she was being offered, or they might think she had flirted with them. 
She felt so scared, and she felt so much hatred. 
Seeing that Ursula couldn’t bring herself to meet her gaze, Vera said, “Did your mom say anything to you before her accident? Don’t be afraid. If something is bothering you, you can tell me. I will help you.” 
Hearing the word “help“, Ursula bit her lip. A previously righteous person had also said they could help her. But in the end, they had only caused her harm. She didn’t trust anyone from the Ruell family. 
“My mom didn’t say anything to me at all,” Ursula replied. 
Hearing this, Vera frowned 
It seemed that Ursula didn’t know anything. If she wanted to find out what happened, she would have to get the answers from Denton and Marlon. 
After dinner, Skylar returned to the Galaxy Villa. 
As soon as she stepped inside, Vera’s call came through. Her voice filled with shock and 
urgency. 
“Skylar, I just found out something. My grandpa and uncle… They must have bullied Ursula’s mother. Did you guess that? Is that why you said my grandpa and uncle’s issues couldn’t be
resolved?” 
Just a moment ago, someone had sent her a USB drive. After signing for it, she checked the contents on her computer. 
A chill went through her body when she saw the videos and photos. It felt as if she had been frozen in ice, and nausea washed over her in waves. 
She had suspected Marlon might be keeping a woman on the side. This kind of thing wasn’t unusual. 
Some maids had ambitions, hoping to sleep with someone for a bit of money. It wouldn’t have surprised her at all. 
However, she never expected that Denton would be involved, either. Not only that, but Denton and Marlon had also bullied Moira. It was clear that Moira didn’t want anything to do with 
them. 
The money scattered on the floor felt like a series of slaps across her face. 
Skylar nodded and replied, “I did know.” 
“They were indeed in the wrong. However, they later compensated Ursula with a settlement of one million dollars. Ursula understood that her mother’s fall down the stairs was an accident. After receiving the money, she decided to stay on and work. 
“As for Ursula’s mother, my grandpa and uncle were indeed very excessive, but it wasn’t a crime worthy of death. I think they realize their mistakes now.” 
Although Vera felt disgusted, she didn’t want to see Denton and Marlon punished to the point of losing their lives. 
Moreover, Moira was already dead. They had made the necessary compensation. 
These past few months, both Denton and Marlon had suffered enough. 
###chapter1174
 1181
Skylar’s voice was calm. “Like I said before, this is something I can’t help with.” 
Vera quickly responded, “Skylar, name your price whatever it is. My grandpa said that as long as you can help solve this, you can ask for anything.” 
Skylar took a sip of water, completely unmoved. “Vera, I don’t need money. I won’t involve myself in something so unethical. Tell your grandpa and uncle to really think about what they’ve done. I’m pretty sure you don’t have the full picture yet.” 
“I’ve seen some of the videos and photos,” Vera admitted, taking a deep breath. 
These family scandals were too disgraceful to even speak about, but they involved the lives of her loved ones. She couldn’t just sit back and do nothing. 
“Did you see how they hurt Ursula’s mother?” Skylar asked, her voice cold. 
Vera took another deep breath. “Yes.” 
After a moment of silence, Skylar responded, “Do you really think Ursula’s mother was the only victim? I hope this is the last time you call me about your grandpa and your uncle. Everything comes with consequences.” 
“Wait!” Vera blurted out before Skylar could hang up. She quickly added, “Can you keep this between us? Please, don’t tell anyone.” 
The Ruell family couldn’t handle another scandal. If word got out, it would be a huge disgrace. Vera herself wouldn’t even be able to show her face in public again. 
Skylar’s tone turned colder. “I have no interest in your family’s affairs.” 
Her only concern was for Ursula. The pendant was a negative item and could negatively impact Ursula. The poor girl had already been through too much for her age. She couldn’t allow something like a negative item to harm her. 
Hearing Skylar’s response, Vera relaxed. “I’ve been too narrow–minded. Sorry. 
She had been so overwhelmed by shock and disgust from.what she had seen that she hadn’t fully considered it. 
Moira wasn’t the first woman they had hurt. Given how comfortable Denton and Marlon seemed with it, this likely wasn’t the first time they had done something like this. 
They had probably hurt other people too. 
This matter was truly difficult to resolve. She knew that asking wouldn’t yield much information. Denton and Marlon wouldn’t share anything with her 
It was better to let her dad, Buck, inquire instead and then figure out how to address the issue 
Chap 1181 
with Denton and Marlon. 
Natalie instructed the staff members, Andrea Poole and Hayden Walton, to clean up the Sars Café. She helped out as well. 
In half an hour, the crew was supposed to arrive for a night shoot. 
She had built a good rapport with Eddie and even managed to secure a small role for herself. She would be a café waitress. It meant she would be on screen, with a few lines, and even exa 
some money, 
Tonight was bound to be late, so she kept Andrea and Hayden on and offered them substanta overtime pay. 
Once the crew finished filming the night scene, they would need to clean up again 
She felt exhausted once she wrapped up the cleanup and leaned against the wall She pulled out her phone and sent a message to Skylar on WhatsApp. 
“Can you believe it? Besides earning money for the crew using the space, I also snagged a small role with a few lines. Hahaha! I’m good at finding ways to make money. I won’t let any opportunity slip by.” 
After sending the message, she tossed her phone back into her bag 
Suddenly, the door swung open, and someone walked in. At the entrance, Hayden quickly informed the newcomers, “I’m sorry, but we’re closed today.” 
“Closed?” Rosa seemed surprised. 
She turned to Ned beside her and said, “Let’s go to another place.” 
Natalie casually glanced toward the door, but when she did, her eyes widened in shock. “Wait! Joe!” 
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out! 
###chapter1175
 1182
That was Joe. 
Without a second thought, Natalie dashed forward and grabbed Ned’s arm. She feared she might be mistaken, but she couldn’t let him slip away. 
Ned frowned at her grip on his arm before yanking it free. Rosa, who was beside him, glanced at Natalie and said, “You’ve got the wrong person. 
“I’m not mistaken. He is Joe Martin. Wait, don’t go! Skylar is back in Jipsburg City. I’ll have her come over.” Natalie didn’t care what anyone else said. She trusted her own eyes completely. 
This man was definitely Joe. 
“Ned, do you know her? And who is this Skylar she mentioned?” Rosa asked Ned, glancing at him beside her with curiosity. 
“I don’t know her.” Ned’s brow raised slightly at the mention of Skylar, but his expression 
returned to indifference. 
He appeared indifferent overall. 
Natalie was stunned. He didn’t recognize her. 
In that moment of shock, Ned and Rosa left the café. By the time she regained her senses and/ 
rushed outside, they had completely vanished. 
Realizing what had just happened, Natalie hurried back into the café and called out to Andrea, Help me check the surveillance footage from just now.” 
Then she quickly grabbed her phone to call Skylar. 
Skylar was about to go to sleep when she saw Natalie’s call and answered immediately. 
“Skylar, I just saw Joe! No, wait, I can’t be sure if it was really him. You need to come to my café so I can show you the footage. No, forget that, I’ll just send you the video clip.” 
Natalie spoke rapidly, overwhelmed with excitement. 
She initially wanted Skylar to come over, but considering how late it was, she thought better 
of it. 
However, after a brief silence on the other end, Skylar replied, “I’m on my way.” 
Then the call ended. 
Natalie stared at her phone after the call ended, feeling as if she had just realized something significant. She slapped her face slightly, trying to shake off the shock. 
There was no way she had been mistaken. The man she saw truly looked identical to Joe, but 
the way he looked at her was entirely andamilia 
was 
And then there was that woman. Now that the calities, the ward to notice that the hart been too shocked and excited to pay attention to 
falls 
If that man was indeed for, she wondered why the womum called him that 
Within a few minutes, Andrea showed her the shillin fontage. The often displayed the man and woman arriving and leaving within are three to five minutes 
The café had high–definition cameras, and one was partly positioned at the entrance, clearly capturing Joe’s face. 
“Natalie, who is that guy? He isn’t your ex–boyfend, is he?” Andras asked, noticing how intently she was watching the video, 
Natalie’s lips twitched at the comment. “What are you talking about? I don’t have an ex- boyfriend.” 
That man was Skylar’s husband, who had gone missing three years ago. Still, she felt hazy and uncertain about it all. She truly couldn’t determine if that man was Joe Just as she was getting lost in thought again, crew members began to antive 
Once the crew members arrived, they quickly setup the lights, cameras, and various equipment. 
One of the assistant directors approached her, aking if she had memorized the lines for her cameo role. 
After regularly rehearsing with Austin back in the day and having witnessed so many stunning performances live, memorizing a few lines and playing a waitress was just a minor task. 
After finishing her conversation with the assistant director, she sent a voice message to Skylar. “Skye, the crew has arrived. You might have to wait for me a bit once you get here.” Just as she sent the voice message, a crowd of people entered. 
###chapter1176
 1183
A few people quickly surrounded two individuals as they walked into the café. 
Such a commotion could only signal one thing–these were big stars. 
Seeing how cautiously the crew members were behaving, Natalie became curious. When she caught sight of the newcomers, her expression changed dramatically. Her shock was evident on her face. 
It was Austin. Natalie could hardly believe her eyes. It was really him. 
Then, she recognized the actress beside him as the recently award–winning actress. They strolled in together, both handsome and beautiful, creating a visually pleasing sight. 
For a brief moment, Natalie’s mind went blank as she focused entirely on Austin. When he spotted her, he nodded in acknowledgment, looking at her like an ordinary friend. 
The look in his eyes lacked the confusion and passion from that unforgettable night three years ago. Instantly, she snapped back to reality. 
In today’s world, even a little bit of flirtation could easily fade over time. After three years, even passionate feelings could turn to indifference. Perhaps Austin had forgotten all about her. 
She quickly composed herself, smiled brightly, and called out, “Mr. Powell, it’s been a while.” 
Upon hearing her voice, a flicker of darkness crossed his eyes. However, the change was subtle, hidden beneath the warm, inviting lights of the café. It went unnoticed by those 
around him. 
Inside, he couldn’t help but think, “What a heartless woman. 
Outside the café, Skylar arrived but did not go inside. 
She stood by her car, observing the bustling café and realizing they were filming. It wasn’t the right time for her to go inside. Leaning against her car, she waited quietly, lost in thought. 
Natalie’s words felt like a thunderclap, shaking her to the core. It confirmed that she hadn’t mistaken the man in the MPV. 
But if it was indeed Joe, she couldn’t help but wonder why he was in Jipsburg and why he had not shown up or contacted her over the past few years. 
For a moment, the stillness of the night made her mind swell with questions. Yet, the more she thought about it, the less she could find a concrete answer. 
Taking a deep breath, she tried to calm her racing thoughts but found it impossible. She couldn’t help but let out a light laugh. 
She found herself in a whirlwind of thoughts, wondering that if it truly was Joe, she would definitely ask him why he had vanished for so long without a word. She wanted to ask him what the promises he had made back then meant 
After getting lost in her chaotic thoughts for a while, Natalie stepped out of the café and walked toward Skylar. 
She glanced over at Natalie. 
Seeing Skylar standing there in just a coat, exposed to the evening wind, Natalie felt a pang of concern. “Why are you dressed so lightly?” she asked. 
“I’m not cold,” Skylar replied. 
Natalie couldn’t help but raise an eyebrow. It was hard to believe she wasn’t cold. The temperature had dropped recently, and she had to wear a cashmere coat at night. 
But seeing the heavy look on Skylar’s face made her heartache. At that moment, she felt calmer. 
She regretted having impulsively revealed so much to Skylar. But the words had already been spoken, and the deed was done. There was no room for regret. 
She took out her phone. “This is a video I captured from the surveillance footage. He appeared with a woman for just three or four minutes. He looks just like Joe, but he doesn’t recognize me.” 
###chapter1177
 1184
Skylar listened to Natalie as she watched the video. The short four–minute clip was incredibly precious to her–especially when Joe appeared on the screen–she couldn’t take her eyes off it. It felt like an eternity had passed. 
But when she heard Joe say he didn’t recognize Natalie, the glimmer in her eyes instantly 
dimmed. 
Natalie noticed her reaction and said, “I’m not sure who that man is yet, but the woman called him ‘Ned‘. I think that’s part of his name. I was probably too excited and should’ve asked more questions to figure out who he really was.” 
“It’s Joe,” Skylar responded firmly. 
Before coming here, she had worried about Natalie mistaking someone else for Joe. But now, with the footage right in front of her, she was sure of it. 
If the glimpse she caught earlier was just a fleeting profile, this video offered a full view of Joe. She was absolutely certain–this man was Joe. 
Hearing Skylar’s firm tone, Natalie was momentarily speechless. 
If this was Joe, Natalie wondered what he had been through over the past three years to vanish without a trace. After all, everyone had believed he was dead. 2 
Anyway, looking back at everything now, none of it made any sense. 
However, Natalie realized it wasn’t her place to crash the hope that had finally rekindled in Skylar. Whether or not the man was Joe didn’t even seem that important anymore. 
After calming down, she considered the possibility that it could just be someone who looked eerily similar. It wouldn’t be the first time someone had an identical face. 
“Natalie, the director’s calling for you,” someone shouted behind them. 
Natalie turned and called back, “I’ll be right there.” 
Then she looked at Skylar and said, “We’re filming through the night tonight. You should go home and get some rest. Don’t stress yourself over this right now. 
“If it’s really Joe, he’s in Jipsburg now–he’s not going anywhere. Besides, it should be him coming to find you, not the other way around. So don’t overthink it. Take care of yourself first, or I’ll be worried.” 
Seeing Natalie’s worried expression, Skylar had already calmed herself down. “I’m fine, don’t worry.” 
Noticing that Skylar was emotionally stable and even managed to smile, Natalie finally relaxed and breathed a sigh of relief. “Alright, I’ll call you tomorrow.” 
Skylar watched as Natalie headed back into the café. Then she got into her car, started it, and drove back the way she came. 
Back at the café, Natalie resumed filming her next scene. Her role was fairly minor, with only three or four lines in total. 
However, her presence was essential for the scenes between the male and female leads. She couldn’t afford to miss it, so she returned to continue her role as a supporting character. 
As she played her part, she found herself irresistibly drawn to Austin. It was like stepping back in time to a few years ago when she had spent hours on set watching him act. 
No matter how many times she had seen him act, each scene still managed to astonish her. Tonight was no exception. 
Even after a three–year break from acting, Austin’s return still marked him as a master in his craft, a figure admired by all. His acting skills were just as astonishing as ever. 
The café scenes they were shooting mainly focused on the leads, discussing either work or romance. Both of them were lawyers, talking about cases while sipping coffee. 
She could also see emotions reflected in each other’s eyes–feelings that were subtle and restrained. The emotional tension between the two characters was palpable, like an invisible thread pulling them closer together. 
It was undeniable that the two actors before her were a powerful duo. 
Just as she had suspected, the scene was set to take place around 7:30 pm. But by the time they wrapped up all the filming, it was already the next day. 
###chapter1178
 1185
As dawn approached, the director finally called it a wrap. He instructed everyone to take a break since more filming was scheduled for the afternoon. 
The crew began to tidy up, and Natalie didn’t rush to leave. Instead, she joined Andrea and Hayden to clean up. 
Since they had an afternoon shoot scheduled, she decided to tidy up before heading home to rest. While she was busy wiping down a table, she suddenly sensed someone standing before her. 
Without looking up, she assumed it was either Andrea or Hayden and said, “Once you’re done cleaning, you can head home. I’ll reimburse your cab fare.” 
However, the person before her didn’t move after she finished speaking. Piqued by curiosity, she raised her head. 
Her heart skipped a beat when she saw Austi she asked. 
standing there. “Mr. Powell? You’re still here?” 
Austin looked at her with a hint of amusement in her eyes. “Don’t you have any questions for me?” 
“Uh, are you planning to make a comeback in the entertainment industry? Are you not going back to inherit the family business?” Natalie asked, channeling her inner fan. 
As a devoted fan, she hoped to see her idol take on various projects. Their dedication to their careers made the fans feel a sense of pride as if they were sharing in their idol’s success, 
Whenever they mentioned the celebrity they followed, it filled them with a special sense of accomplishment. 
Austin’s deep–set eyes remained unreadable, and he showed no reaction to her words. 
Natalie’s heart raced under his gaze, making her slightly uncomfortable. She swallowed hard. ” Um, you don’t have to answer if you don’t want to, Mr. Powell.” 
Just then, Andrea and Hayden, who had finished cleaning, timidly approached. 
Hayden asked, “Mr. Powell, I really admire you! I’ve seen all your works. It’s not just our boss who’s a fan, we are too. Can we take a picture with you?” 
The two were practically excited, especially realizing the male lead filming at the café was 
none other than Austin. It felt surreal to them. 
This job was worth every moment. After giving Natalie a thoughtful glance, Austin turned to the two fans and replied, “Sure.” 
After quickly snapping a picture together, Andrea and Hayden left. However, Austin remained 
at the café. 
Natalie was unsure of what Austin was thinking. Even though the cleaning was already done, she awkwardly wiped the table with the cloth. 
“Do you not have anything else you want to say to me?” Austin asked again. 
Natalie set down the cloth and took a deep breath, looking directly at him. “Mr. Powell, welcome back! I’m so happy to see you again. 
“I haven’t been to the cinema in three years because I couldn’t get into any films other than yours. Now that you’re back, I finally have something to look forward to.” 
Austin smirked slightly, clearly amused by her enthusiasm. “As long as my return makes you happy, that’s all that matters.‘ 
Natalie blinked in surprise. There was something about Austin’s words that didn’t sit right with her. She thought, “Wait a minute. What did he mean by ‘as long as my return makes you happy‘?” 
Before she could process her thoughts, Austin turned and strode away. Natalie stood there, momentarily dazed. 
After a long pause, she shook her head and thought, “What was I thinking? I need to get home and get some sleep.” 
At Galaxy Villa, Skylar had only slept for five hours the previous night. 
She woke up at dawn. After having breakfast, she checked the time and decided to call Aiken. “Can you help me find someone?” 
###chapter1179
 1186
Aiken was a bit surprised when he received a call from Skylar. 
When he heard that she was looking for someone, he didn’t think much of it. The fact that she sought him out meant that she trusted him, and this thought brought the hidden emotion in 
his heart to the surface. 
“Okay, who are you looking for?” he asked. 
Skylar was standing by the window, gazing outside. “Joe.” 
Aiken’s expression changed slightly when he heard that name. “Skylar, you…‘ 
“I’ll send you a video in a bit, and you’ll understand. Aiken, it’s been three years. I know what 
this name’s impact is,” Skylar explained softly. 
A few minutes later, Aiken received a short surveillance video. 
When he saw Joe’s figure in the footage, he was stunned. It proved that it wasn’t Skylar who couldn’t let go. 
The person in the video had a face identical to Joe’s. Anyone who saw it would think it was him. However, in the video, when this person heard Skylar’s name, he claimed not to know her. 
Was that person really Joe or not? 
Nonetheless, since Skylar came to him for help, he couldn’t let her down. Just then, there was 
a knock on the door. 
“Aiken, can I come in?” 
“Come in.” 
Simona then entered. She often came into the study to read whenever she was home. Her 
brother had a lot of books. 
“Aiken, I have to say, it’s been over three years already. If I were you, I’d have made a move by now. Who knows how long Skylar will stay this time? 
“If you don’t take action, she might leave again, and who knows when she’ll be back. By then, you’ll regret it and everything will be too late.” 
She was genuinely frustrated with his lack of initiative. 
Over the past three years, he had visited Skylar at Murida, but Aiken remained completely emotionless each time. Simona was now in her second year of college, but Aiken was still single. 
She had many suitors in college and had started to consider who was most suitable for her. 
As for Aiken, despite being single, plenty of women were attracted to his status and wealth as well. There were even women who would throw themselves at him. Yet, he kept his distance and didn’t even pursue Skylar. 
It was as if he was living the life of a monk, which left her speechless. 
Listening to Simona’s rant, Aiken, who was already used to it, remained expressionless and said, “I have my own plan. By the way, I heard a young man at your college is pursuing you? You even watched a movie with him?“. 
Simona’s lip twitched. “Aiken, you’re not having me followed, are you?” 
“In Jipsburg, there’s nothing I can’t find out if I want to. I’ve looked into him. He’s not suitable for you, there’s too much of a gap between your backgrounds. You could easily be used as his stepping stone for success,” Aiken said directly. 
That young man’s family was ordinary. He had three older sisters and one younger sister. The family had poured everything into supporting his education. 
Aiken wasn’t really bothered by his modest background but by his family members, who were known for always seeking advantages, with poor reputations among neighbors. Even if the young man himself was different, his upbringing and his family background made him unsuitable for Simona. 
Simona’s eyes flickered slightly. “Okay, okay, I’ll listen to you. Besides, I’m only in my second year. I’m not in a rush to get married, and I won’t casually date anyone. Don’t worry, I’m not a child anymore. 
“Aiken, you should focus on your own future–opportunities don’t wait. Don’t let Skylar slip away. Just go after her.” 
Aiken really made her worry. 
###chapter1180
 1187
“If there’s nothing else, you can leave. I still have work to do,” Aiken said. 
Simona was completely exasperated. “Alright, alright, I’m leaving.” 
After she left, Aiken called Skylar back. 
“I saw the video. The person in it does look a lot like Joe, but he denies it in the video. So, whoever he is, I’ll have someone investigate it thoroughly.” 
Skylar then responded, “Yes, I know he denied it, but… I have a feeling that he is Joe.” 
Aiken hummed in acknowledgment and opened his mouth as if to say something, but then he held back. There was no point in speculating until they found the person. Without seeing him, any guesses were meaningless. 
Just as Skylar was about to leave Galaxy Villa, Ursula called. Her background sounded noisy, suggesting she was in a rather loud environment. 
“Ms. Sullivan, this is Ursula Fairbank. I… I would like to meet you. Are you 
Skylar just replied, “Where are you?” 
They met some time later in a café on the third floor of a small mall. 
available?” 
After sitting down, Ursula couldn’t look directly at Skylar. She nervously asked, “Ms. Sullivan, what would you like to eat? I’ll order.” 
“I had breakfast earlier and I’m still a bit full. Just order for yourself,” Skylar said. 
Ursula bit her lip and then nodded awkwardly. “Okay, I’ll go order.” 
Perhaps due to nervousness, she ended up ordering two sets of meals. 
Seeing Ursula’s anxious demeanor, Skylar smiled gently and said, “Just say whatever you need 
1. to. Don’t worry.” 
“Will you tell Ms. Ruell and the others what I say?” Ursula bit her lip again. 
“No, I have nothing to do with the Ruell family.” 
“Really? You and Ms. Ruell seem to be very good friends,” Ursula said, unable to quite 
understand her own feelings. 
After everything that had happened, she couldn’t trust anyone. Everyone seemed malicious to her. Especially people like the Ruells. They thought they could trample on others‘ dignity just because they had money, believing their money could solve everything. 
Ursula particularly disliked that. But somehow, Skylar didn’t give her that feeling, Instead, she felt an inexplicable sense of trust, 
Skylar understood what Ursula was afraid of as her gaze fell on the necklace around Ursula’s neck. 
“If I were Vera’s friend, I wouldn’t have asked her to leave a message for you. The necklace you’re wearing is cursed. It will bring retribution to those who harmed you and your mother.” 
Ursula’s eyes widened in disbelief as she stared at Skylar, “You… You actually know about this? 
11 
She stood up suddenly, overwhelmed with fear. For a moment, she had the urge to flee. 
“Yes, I know some things. This necklace you have can also backfire on you. It’s true that those who hurt you will pay a price, but it will harm you too. Have you been having nightmares or falling ill frequently lately?” Skylar asked gently 
Ursula’s eyes 
widened even more. She never thought her secret would be exposed so easily. 
###chapter1181
 1188
Seeing that Ursula seemed frightened, Skylar continued, “Those who did wrong have already been punished. You don’t have to keep hurting yourself. I can help you deal with this necklace. After that, you can focus on getting well again, just like before.” 
Ursula’s eyes suddenly turned red, as if overwhelmed with a deep sense of grievance. In the 
end, she couldn’t hold back and burst into tears. 
Skylar didn’t say anything further and waited patiently for Ursula to calm down. 
Anyone who had experienced what Ursula did would be unable to bear it. At such a young age, she had seen the darkest side of the world, with her closest family member dying right in 
front of her. How could she not be afraid? 
Ursula cried as she ate her meal. 
“When I was little, I envied other kids whose moms were with them every day. My mom had 
to work in the city and could only come home to see me once a year. 
“Later, when I grew up, I came to find her. At first, she didn’t want me to stay and work as a maid for the Ruell family, but I wanted to be with her. 
“I thought she was afraid that I couldn’t handle the hardship. But if she could, I could do it too. I wasn’t a child anymore. 
“But I never imagined that they would bully my mom. She had to endure it because she needed the job. She said she needed to save up to buy a house for my brother to get married. 
“My dad was a gambler, and he died early. So, my whole family relied on my mom. That was when I realized my mom had been living in hell all these years, enduring it for my brother and 
1. me. 
“I never expected them to be so inhumane. They drugged me, took advantage of me when my mom was not around, and then gave me money just like they did with my mom. 
“She wanted to report it to the police, but they weren’t scared at all. They said that their family lawyers could make sure my mom and I would spend our lives in prison and that we should think carefully about whether we wanted to take the money and keep serving them or go to jail. 
“We were terrified, especially my mom. 
“They’re monsters! When they tried to attack my mom that day, she fought back and accidentally fell down the stairs while trying to escape. Then they used money to try to silence me, but I couldn’t accept it. 
“I know this necklace I’m wearing is cursed. One day, I was crying in the park for a whole afternoon without realizing it. When night fell, an old man sat beside me and asked why I was 
crying. I told him that someone had hurt me and my family and that I was scared. 
“Then, he comforted me and gave me this necklace. He said that it could help me punish the bad people, but I would have to pay a price. 
“He said I probably wouldn’t get married in this lifetime. But I’m already so dirty, I never 
thought about getting married. I don’t deserve it.” 
Skylar quietly listened to Ursula as she told her story. But her eyes darkened when she heard that an old man in the park had given the necklace to Ursula. 
So, the person who had been missing for years had reappeared. 
She didn’t believe that their encounter in the park was a coincidence. It must have been deliberate. That person wanted to use Ursula to deal with the Ruell family. 
If Ursula hadn’t met her, she would have carried this necklace for the rest of her life, suffering not only from poor health and a shortened lifespan but also a lack of prospects for marriage. 
Ursula took a deep breath before saying, “But after meeting you, Ms. Sullivan, I calmed down. My mom wanted me and my brother to live well. I can’t destroy myself just for revenge, especially when they’ve already received their punishment.” 
One of them was on the brink of death, and another had lost his family and was constantly attempting suicide. It was enough. Those people could only live in fear for the rest of their 
lives. 
But she hadn’t done anything wrong. Why should she suffer along with them for her whole life? 
Every time she saw the necklace, it reminded her of them and what they had done to her and her mother, trapping her in a constant state of fear. 
For some reason, last night, Ursula seemed to wake up suddenly and even had a dream in which her mother told her to trust Skylar and not to let herself be trapped by this pain for the 
rest of her life. 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
###chapter1182
 1189
Ursula knew she needed to look forward. 
She wasn’t the one at fault. It was those two monsters. 
“So, Ms. Sullivan, please help me. I can also pay you. I have money–it’s the compensation they gave me,” Ursula said earnestly, wiping the tears from her face as she looked at Skylar. 
Skylar looked at Ursula and said, “I can help you, but you need to tell me which park you met that old man and if you remember what he looked like.” 
Ursula first told her which park it was and gave a specific date. 
However, when she tried to recall what the old man looked like, she struggled. “For some reason, I can’t remember. I’ve completely forgotten what he looked like. I vaguely remember that he looked like the other old men dancing in the square–nothing special.” 
Skylar’s expression grew serious, but she wasn’t surprised. This wasn’t the first time she had encountered such a situation. “If you can’t remember, don’t force it now. Just give me the necklace. After this, don’t stay in Jipsburg. Go back to your hometown and live well.” 
Ursula obediently removed the necklace. She didn’t know if it was just a misconception, but the moment she took it off, she suddenly felt as though the heavy weight on her shoulders and chest had vanished. 
She felt relieved. 
For the past few months, every day had been so difficult for her. 
As the two were about to leave, Ursula got a phone call. 
The moment she answered, her expression changed. “I… I will never forgive them, Ms. Ruell. Don’t preach kindness to others when you haven’t endured their pain. I have lost my mother forever, and I can never go back to the way things were. They ruined my entire life.” 
It seemed that Vera had said something again, but Ursula resolutely refused. “I won’t take another cent from you. Ms. Ruell, if you have a conscience, stop calling me. Those who did wrong must pay the price. 
“The fact that you’re calling me means you know what they did. In that case, don’t you think it’s unreasonable to push me like this?” 
Her firm stance seemed to make Vera hesitate, but she didn’t say anything more. 
After hanging up, Ursula looked at Skylar, her eyes brimming with tears.” I will never forgive them!” 
Skylar smiled at her and said, “Just follow your heart. You still have family, and a bright future ahead.” 
Ursula nodded firmly. Yes, she still had a future. 
It must be her mother who was watching over her from somewhere, allowing her to meet Skylar just when she was lost and unsure of the way forward. 
When Vera’s call came through, Skylar had just arrived at the underground parking lot and was about to get in her car to head to the Hughes Residence. 
“Skylar, can you help me? I really can’t just watch my grandpa and others get into trouble. Please think about it. I’ll pay any price you name. My grandpa and Uncle Marlon have always been proud. What they did was indeed too much, but they definitely knew they were wrong 
now. 
“But for them to apologize to Ursula… they can’t bring themselves to do it. So, can I beg you to help me? I’ll pay any amount, really. And I’ll agree to any conditions.“” 
配 
###chapter1183
 1190
Vera had truly run out of options. In the end, she could only turn to Skylar for help. 
Her grandpa and uncle firmly believed that Ursula and her mother were in the wrong. To them, the mother and daughter pair were ordinary people, and being noticed by people like them meant they shouldn’t have thought of resisting or holding a grudge. 
So, for them to seek forgiveness. from a deceased woman and a young woman was out of the question. To them, it would be no different from killing them. 
This path was completely blocked, leaving no other choice. All their hopes rested on Skylar. 
Denton believed that Skylar surely had a way to help them, and if they offered enough money, they would get what they wanted. 
After hearing Vera’s plea, Skylar responded directly, “Sorry, I can’t help you. Other than sincerely repenting and seeking forgiveness, there is no other way. This is the only path you 
can take.” 
Vera let out a deep sigh, feeling utterly helpless. “Is there really no other way?” 
Skylar simply replied with a hum. 
With no other options, Vera could only hang up the phone in frustration. After ending the call, 
she looked at her father. 
“Dad, other than the method I just mentioned, there’s no other way. Grandpa and Uncle Marlon have no other choice,” Vera said with a heavy heart. 
Buck nodded gravely, “Alright, I understand. You’ve done your best in this matter, and that’s enough. Now, we can only hope that your grandpa and uncle can come to their senses.” 
Vera nodded with reddened eyes, feeling the pain of watching her relatives reach this point. Even though she knew what they needed to do to save themselves, they just couldn’t bring themselves to do it. 
Perhaps that was the fate they had chosen for themselves. 
In the hotel suite, blackout curtains blocked out all the light. The entire room was dim, with hardly any light. 
A man lay on the bed, asleep with furrowed brows. 
Whatever he was dreaming of, a layer of sweat suddenly formed on his forehead. Then, he suddenly opened his eyes. 
Even in the dim light, he could make out the surroundings of the suite. He was in a hotel. 
The man woke up fully. 
In his dream, there was a thick white mist, and behind the mist stood a woman who constantly looked at him. 
But he couldn’t see her face clearly. He felt that this woman was very important to him. For the past three years, he often had this dream. 
But ever since arriving in Jipsburg a few days ago, this dream haunted him almost every night. Every time he thought he would see the woman’s face, it remained obscured. 
The man got out of bed, opened the curtains, and a knock came at the door. 
“Ned, are you awake?” 
A woman’s voice called softly from outside, careful not to raise her voice, probably afraid that the man inside might still be asleep. 
But he had always been disciplined, waking up at precisely the time he set for himself. 
He could handle any difficult task without showing any sign of stress. 
Hearing the woman’s voice, the man’s expression softened slightly. Then, he walked over and opened the door. 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>> 
###chapter1184
 1191
After Skylar left home in the morning, she first went to the Gardner Group. 
She hadn’t seen Alexander for over three years, and he looked the same as before, without much change. Caleb, however, seemed more mature. He wholeheartedly followed his grandpa’s lead and learned from him. He would often call Skylar with various questions. 
“Why have you lost weight? Is the food over there not to your taste? I’ll have some fresh vegetables sent to you,” Alexander said with a hint of concern when he saw that Skylar had noticeably lost weight. 
Having lived far away from home for these years and bearing the pain of losing Joe, both Skylar and Gloria had suffered greatly. Who could have predicted such a turn in life? 
“Grandpa, Edgar sends food over there every month, and we have everything we need, so don’t worry,” Caleb said, thinking that his grandpa was being a bit dramatic. 
But seeing Skylar in person did reveal what the video calls couldn’t–she had indeed lost quite a bit of weight. 
Skylar smiled, “Yes, I can find anything I want there. I lost some weight recently due to a cold and fever that took away my appetite, but I’ve already gained back two or three pounds since 
returning.” 
She wasn’t exaggerating. When she got back, she weighed herself, and after a few days of eating well, she had gained about two and a half pounds. 
It seemed like the climate and food of Jipsburg really suited her. 
“Haha, that’s good.” Alexander felt relieved to hear that. “Will you be staying for a few months this time?” 
Skylar replied, “I’ll just stay for a month and see how things go. I’m still a bit worried about Grandma.” 
She worried that in her absence, Gloria would not take her medication on time. Plus, with Skylar around, she wouldn’t feel as lonely. 
Although Gloria had some friends abroad with whom she could hang out, she sometimes didn’t take her medicine on time. 
“You’re such a good kid,” Alexander sighed. 
Noticing his sadness, Skylar quickly changed the subject, “Mr. Gardner Senior, I’ve got some news about that person.” 
“What?” Alexander immediately perked up. 
Skylar then recounted what had happened with Ursula. She avoided mentioning the harm done 
to Ursula and her mother by the Ruell family members, only focusing on the cursed necklace 
and Kevin. 
After listening, Alexander’s expression darkened. “It looks like he plans to stir up trouble again! We absolutely can’t let him succeed.” 
Skylar nodded. “I’m heading to the Hughes family next to see how things are over there.” 
“Alright, leave the search to me. I’ll have people look for him. A living person in Jipsburg can’t just disappear without a trace,” Alexander said, squinting his eyes and steeling his resolve. He had to find this person quickly. He couldn’t allow any more trouble in Jipsburg 
“I’ll go to the Hughes‘ with you. I’m worried those people might give you a hard time. But with me there, they won’t dare to say anything unpleasant in front of you. Plus, there’s a charity gala tomorrow night, and I need a date–will you come with me?” Caleb suggested quickly. 
Over the past few years, he had realized that no one else had caught his interest like Skylar did. 
He had liked her for years and still did. Now that Joe was no longer in the way, he was determined to win Skylar’s heart. 
Skylar was about to decline, but Alexander nodded. “It’s not a bad idea for this brat to accompany you. The situation there is likely more complicated than the Ruells. 
“As for the gala, it’s up to you. These charity events happen several times a year in Jipsburg, and there’s not much novelty. Perhaps the auction of some rare antiques might interest you.” 
Hearing this, Skylar could only smile and said, “Alright.” 
Then, she turned to Caleb. “Let’s head out now.” 
As Skylar walked out, Caleb whispered to Alexander, “Just you wait, I’ll bring back a granddaughter–in–law for you.” 
“Look at yourself in the mirror, do you really think you’re worthy? Now get lost,” Alexander retorted with an eye roll. His grandson had only one real trait—he was being full of himself. 
###chapter1185
 1192
Caleb rolled his eyes. “Why am I not good enough?” 
But there was no time to argue with Alexander as Skylar had already walked out. 
Caleb believed that he and Skylar were a match made in heaven. After all, relationships with older women were trending. And with his looks and physique, wasn’t he a snatch? He was the premium version of a cute boyfriend. 
Once in the car, Caleb couldn’t stop talking. He chattered on and on, even mentioning Simona. 
Simona had completely stepped out of the shadows in the past few years and became as sunny as she used to be. After starting university, she made many new friends, leaving Caleb behind 
entirely. 
Listening to Caleb’s chatter, Skylar couldn’t help but smile. “You’ve had quite an eventful three years.” 
“Of course! Recently, Grandpa even started to praise me. Give me a bit more time, and who knows, maybe I’ll be as impressive as you are,” Caleb said with a sense of pride. 
To him, being as skilled as Skylar would be a huge achievement. Alexander would probably 
brag about him everywhere. 
But deep down, Caleb knew he could only say this. He was well aware of his abilities, and comparing himself to Skylar was practically self–sabotage. 
Even Alexander admitted that Skylar’s restoration skills surpassed his own. 
That kind of talent required not only innate ability but also tremendous hard work. Some people possessed the talent but lacked the effort. 
As for Caleb, he had neither exceptional talent nor the drive to work as hard as needed. His words were more to cheer himself up, but he knew his own limits. 
Skylar laughed at his words. “By the way, why did you suddenly decide to attend the charity gala?” 
“It wasn’t really a sudden decision. Uncle John just left the country yesterday, and my dad is not back yet. My grandpa isn’t interested in these kinds of events, but since we received the invitation, someone had to attend. 
“I’m just going to fill in, and maybe see if there’s anything interesting at the auction,” Caleb replied honestly. 
“I see.” Skylar nodded in understanding. 
Since she had no other plans, she might as well accompany Caleb to the event tomorrow. 
As they chatted, they soon arrived at Hughes Residence, 
On the way, she had spoken to Jeremy on the phone, 
At that moment, Jeremy was there, where two family members were being held in detention awaiting a court hearing. Meanwhile, the others, supposedly influenced by a cursed , were also present. 
Thinking about what had happened with the Hughes family, she had a vague sense that there was some deeper connection. All of them seemed to be affected emotionally, 
And there were two people who claimed to have no memory of what happened after they mistreated the young girl. She found this explanation questionable. So, Skylar decided it would be best to see for herself before drawing any conclusions. 
“I know Zack and Quincey Hughes. They were three grades ahead of me, and we went to the same high school. 
“Back then, they were pretty arrogant, often forcing younger girls to date them. If the girls refused, they would resort to all kinds of bullying, leaving their victims too scared to fight back or even speak up. They were jerks. 
“As for their claim that they don’t remember hurting that little girl, I don’t buy it,” Caleb 
remarked to Skylar as they drove. 
Jipsburg might be big, but it was not that big–especially within certain circles. 
Everyone in their social circle had crossed paths in some way, and they all knew each other. 
Everyone knew about some people’s messy pasts, even if they weren’t openly discussed. That was part of why he wanted to accompany her. 
When it came to the Hughes family, the only person he had any real respect for was Jeremy, 
but not the rest. 
Once they arrived at Hughes Residence and parked the car, a maid came forward to invite them 
inside. 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
###chapter1186
 1193
After entering Hughes Residence, Caleb and Skylar met a few members of the family. 
Jeremy introduced them to Skylar. Among them were the parents of Zack and Quincey, as well as Jeremy’s uncle, Joey Hughes, and his wife. He also introduced his grandpa, the family patriarch. 
In the large villa, some of them shifted their glances toward Skylar as Jeremy introduced her. They barely acknowledged them with a nod with a cold and indifferent attitude. 
It was clear that aside from Jeremy, the others looked at Skylar with a mix of skepticism and condescension. They were blatantly disrespectful. 
But Skylar didn’t mind. It was Jeremy who hired her, and her purpose was to find the cursed . As for the rest, their opinions didn’t matter to her. 
Caleb, however, was not pleased. He asked Jeremy, somewhat dissatisfied, “How much did you pay Skylar to come here? Don’t just rely on the fact that your ex–wife was her bestie to get a 
discount.” 
With their attitude, even a million would seem too little. Why were they acting all high and mighty? If they were so capable, they wouldn’t need Skylar’s help in the first place! 
Caleb was the kind of person who, if someone annoyed him, would use his words to make them question their life choices. 
When Caleb spoke up, Marvin finally took notice of him. Up until then, they had all been focused on Skylar. 
Caleb’s personality was well–known among their social circles in Jipsburg. He was bold and unrestrained, and his sharp words could leave people speechless. 
The Hughes family members‘ expressions shifted at that. They didn’t care much about how much they paid Skylar. Their concern was whether someone so young could really help them. They were skeptical. 
They wouldn’t have bothered coming today if Jeremy hadn’t brought her in. So, while the exact amount paid wasn’t their focus, they found Caleb’s remarks rather harsh and wondered what kind of upbringing he had. 
“Caleb?” Marvin frowned. 
Caleb smiled at him and said, “Yes, it’s me, Mr. Hughes Senior.” 
Jeremy’s expression remained neutral, but he felt apologetic toward Skylar. “I’ve just transferred another payment to your account,” he said. 
After acknowledging it, Skylar raised an eyebrow and didn’t pay any further attention to the 
1193 
others in the room. She turned to Jeremy and said, “Please take me to it.” 
“Honestly, I think this whole thing with cursed s is a bit too fantastical. I don’t really believe in it,” Joey’s wife, Melinda Ward, suddenly remarked. 
Skylar just glanced back at her. 
Jeremy frowned and said, “Aunt Melinda, if you don’t believe in it, then there’s no need for you to waste your time here.” 
“You!” Melinda’s face darkened instantly. 
She knew that Jeremy never respected her or her husband. But did he really think that the family couldn’t manage without him? He was far too arrogant. 
Marvin shot a glance at the couple. “Enough, stop talking.” 
Whether it was really about a cursed or not was yet to be determined. However, Skylar was trusted by Alexander despite her young age, so she probably had some skills. 
“It must be the influence of the cursed . Otherwise, how could Zack do such a terrible thing? Both he and Quincey don’t even remember what happened,” Zack’s mother insisted. 
Another middle–aged woman nodded in agreement. “Exactly. I know my son well. He and Zack have been especially good these past two years. They’re about to join the company to help Jeremy. Then, this strange incident happened. If it’s not a cursed , then it must be something like hypnosis.” 
But she couldn’t help but think that the person Jeremy had brought in seemed unreliable as she was just too young. 
###chapter1187
 1194
Two hours later, Skylar finally finished inspecting Hughes Residence. When she came 
downstairs, several pairs of eyes turned toward her simultaneously, nearly asking all at once. Did you find the so–called cursed ?” 
Skylar looked at Marvin and said, “The problem isn’t with this house. None of the antiques 
here are cursed.” 
“What?” the women exclaimed in unison. 
Melinda immediately questioned, “Is it that you lack the ability to see it? We live here. How could the problem not be with the house?” 
Her tone was particularly hostile, carrying a sense of arrogant disdain. 
Skylar merely glanced at Melinda before turning her attention back to Jeremy. “The issue likely lies with them,” she said, indicating to the family members. 
No matter how others doubted Skylar, Jeremy believed in her. She had handled matters that even Alexander couldn’t. If Skylar hadn’t pointed out the possibility of cursed s, many would never have realized that they had unknowingly brought one home, allowing it to 
control their fate. 
? 
After hearing Skylar’s statement, Jeremy turned to his family members. “Uncle Joey, Aunt Melinda, have any of you purchased any accessories recently? Bracelets, necklaces, or similar 
items?” he asked. 
Joey frowned. “Isn’t it called a cursed because it’s supposed to be powerful and dangerous enough to cause all these incidents? What does it have to do with some accessories we’ve recently bought? 
“Who exactly did you hire here? Don’t bring this nonsense into our home.” 
“Exactly, these things we wear are just accessories. We might wear them one day and not touch them for a long time after. How could they harm anyone?” Melinda quickly added. 
Quincey’s mother also chimed in, “Yes, Jeremy, I think you’ve been swindled this time.” 
Marvin’s expression darkened. If not for Skylar’s connection to Alexander, who spoke so highly of her, his face would have been even grimmer. 
“Oh, you all seem to think you know everything. Fine, I get it. You don’t trust Skylar. If that’s the case, why bother saying so much? Skylar, let’s go. There are plenty of people waiting in line to see you. It’s a total waste of time for you to take even an hour or two out of your busy schedule to come here,” Caleb snapped in frustration. 
Skylar nodded toward Jeremy. “I’ll transfer the money back to you shortly.” 
Then she turned to Caleb and said, “Let’s go.” 
With plans to attend the charity gala with Caleb tomorrow, she thought it was a good opportunity to look for a dress. 
When she returned to the country, she didn’t expect to attend such an event. So she had only brought back a few simple outfits, and there were no evening gowns. 
Jeremy’s expression darkened. 
The rest of the Hughes family didn’t expect Skylar to simply walk away without even defending herself against their doubts. This reaction took them by surprise, leaving them uncertain about their previous assumptions. 
Just moments ago, they thought Skylar was an amateur and a fraud, out to take their money. But now, seeing Caleb’s attitude and how Skylar didn’t care about their doubts and even offered to return the payment, they suddenly realized that perhaps they had misunderstood. “Wait, are you certain that the cursed is connected to them?” Marvin asked suddenly. 
Skylar, who was already at the door, paused and turned back to look at him. Although she didn’t have a great impression of him, he was still an elder and one of Alexander’s friends. Then, she glanced at Joey and the others. 
“There’s a high chance that they are the cause,” she said calmly, but her words landed heavily on the ears of those listening, leaving them with a sinking feeling in their chests. 
There seemed to be a sense of foreboding that washed over them, making them suddenly doubt their earlier skepticism. 
After a moment, Joey seemed to have thought of something. 
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>> 
###chapter1188
 1195
Joey touched his thumb for a moment before finally taking it out. 
“This thumb ring is something I bought at an auction a few months ago. It’s just a small item worth a few hundred thousand. This shouldn’t be the problem, right?” 
His voice trembled as he asked, unable to hide his mease. For some reason, he felt a bit guilty, as if all the recent incidents were tied to this thumb ring. It could just be a coincidence, couldn’t it? 
Skylar glanced at it and said, “It’s the ring.” 
“What?” Joey exclaimed in disbelief. The others Immediately looked at the thumb ring on his 
finger. 
It looked like an ordinary green emerald thumb ring. Even if it wasn’t bought at an auction, similar pieces could be found at any high–class jewelry stores or custom–made places. So this… 
“Is it really cursed?” Melinda’s expression changed. 
Jeremy’s face turned stern as he asked Skylar, “Can it be dealt with?” 
Skylar just nodded. “Yes, it can.” 
Then, she stepped closer to Joey to look at the marks on the ring more clearly. 
Joey’s face had turned pale. After knowing that it was cursed, he tried to take it off and throw it away, but Skylar stopped him immediately. 
“You’ve worn this for months, so it has already bonded with you. If you take it off and throw it away or break it, it won’t reduce the trouble it brings you.” 
“What?” Joey’s voice rose sharply. Breaking it wouldn’t help? He immediately froze, afraid to 
make a move. 
“Jeremy has already paid you. Didn’t you say you can handle it? Please do it quickly,” Melinda urged anxiously. 
“Yes, take care of it quickly. How could they sell something like this at an auction?” Quincey’s father added in a deep voice. 
Caleb could only roll his eyes. He found their attitude incredibly annoying. 
No wonder Alexander didn’t like dealing with the Hughes family over the years, except for Jeremy. This was the reason. 
“It can be resolved. Carefully remove it, clean it and wrap it up properly. Then, pass it to me. But…” Skylar looked over at Jeremy and said, “But Zack and Quincey bullying the young girl has nothing to do with the curse.” It only affected Joey. 
“What? How is that possible? Zack is a good child, always excelling in both character and academies, and now he’s very capable. If it weren’t for the cursed , how could he do such a thing?” Melinda couldn’t accept this. 
Quincey’s mother also nodded repeatedly, using the opportunity to praise her son along with Zack. 
Skylar was not interested in listening to their nonsense, so she turned directly to Jeremy and said, “I’ll wait in the car. Bring the cleaned ring out to me.” 
Then, she walked out without another word. 
Besides Jeremy, she was not interested in speaking further with the rest of the Hughes family. They must know what kind of people their children were, right? The horrible things they did were closely tied to the way they were doted on since childhood. 
“Excelled Once Skylar and Caleb were in the car, Caleb couldn’t hold back his anger and swore, in character and academics, my foot! Zack and Quincey are scumbags! Sure, they might be good at studying, but their cores are rotten.” 
Skylar smiled and said, “Everyone has to pay for the mistakes they make. Even if they were truly influenced by a cursed , they still have to face the consequences of their actions.” 
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>> 
###chapter1189
 1196
After leaving Hughes Residence, Skylar dropped Caleb off at his house before heading to the 
mall. 
While on the way, Jeremy called to apologize for his family members‘ attitude, which Skylar accepted. 
After buying a dress at the mall, she went to Natalie’s café. 
When she arrived, she noticed a staff member stationed outside. 
“I’m sorry, we’re not open for business right now. We will open again after a few days.” 
That was when Skylar remembered that Natalie’s café would be closed to the public for ten days because a film crew had rented it out. 
However, she caught a glimpse inside and unexpectedly saw Austin. 
She raised her eyebrows as she realized why the crew had agreed to all of Natalie’s conditions. 
It was all because of Austin. 
It seemed likely that Austin’s return was for Natalie. 
Skylar smiled at the thought, feeling it was a good development. 
It looked like Natalie would be busy for the day, so she decided to visit another time. 
As soon as Skylar got home, Natalie called her. 
“How was it with the Hughes family?” 
“Nothing major, it’s already been resolved. However, those two who bullied the young girl were just bad on their own. It had nothing to do with any cursed .” 
Natalie just chuckled. “I’ve been scrolling through social media these past few days, and I’ve 
seen a lot of stories about them. 
“Everyone says Zack and Quincey have been troublemakers since childhood, and now they’ve finally hit a wall. The situation is blowing up, and even if their family wants to use 
connections to smooth things over, it’s not going to be easy.” 
“You’re right.” 
“Anyway, I’ve got to go. I’ll probably be busy until midnight,” Natalie said hurriedly. 
Skylar just replied, “Alright.” 
Compter 1195 
The next day, Caleb came over in the morning with a custom–made dress. 
“One of Uncle John’s friends is a fashion designer, so I got this dress from him. It’s the smallest size. Go and try it on. If it doesn’t fit, I can have him adjust it,” he said. 
Skylar tried it on and came downstairs. 
Caleb couldn’t take his eyes off her, swallowing hard in awe. 
Skylar looked stunning. Caleb thought no one could pull off this dress better than Skylar. It was a one–shoulder white gown that revealed a bare collarbone and shoulder, with skin so fair it was dazzling. 
The dress hugged Skylar’s figure, perfectly showing off her silhouette. It was flawless. 
Caleb thought he had never seen a woman so beautiful. In his mind, no one could be compared to Skylar. 
“You’ll steal the show tonight when I take you there! I’m not exaggerating,” he said enthusiastically. 
Caleb felt that no words could fully capture what he was seeing. Skylar was like a timeless vision, a muse who had always perfectly matched his aesthetic. 
This time, he was determined to win, Skylar’s heart. He was certain that no one else could ever take her place in his heart. 
“That’s good,” Skylar said, pleased with the dress. 
She had checked herself in the mirror earlier and found that it looked even better than the one she had bought at the mall. It suited her perfectly. Then, she glanced at the time. “What time should we leave?” 
“Around four should be fine,” Caleb replied, also checking the time. It was now eleven in the morning, so they had a few hours to spare. 
He had originally thought he might need to make alterations if the dress didn’t fit well, but it turned out to be a perfect fit. 
Skylar smiled and said, “Do you have other plans for lunch? If not, stay and have lunch with me. I’ll cook a few dishes.‘ 
Caleb’s eyes 
widened in surprise, so he quickly replied, “I don’t have any other plans!” 
###chapter1190
 1197
Even if Caleb had other plans, he would have canceled them. This was his first time getting to eat a meal personally cooked by Skylar, and he couldn’t miss this chance. He was beyond 
excited. 
“Alright, I’ll get started then. If you’re bored, you can watch TV or something,” Skylar said as she headed upstairs. She needed to change out of the gown. 
Lunch consisted of four dishes and a soup, all simple home–cooked meals that were ready in 
less than an hour. 
Caleb enjoyed it so much that he finished everything. 
“If only I could eat your cooking every day!” Caleb sighed as he leaned back on the couch, feeling quite full. He was determined to win Skylar over, no matter who stood in his way. 
Skylar still treated Caleb like a kid, and she said smilingly, “When I’m here and if I’m home, I’ll cook for myself. You can come over if you want.” 
Caleb nodded eagerly, taking her words seriously, even though he knew she was just being polite. 
He didn’t have the chance before, but now that he did, he was going to seize it with everything he had. He wanted everyone to know that Skylar was his crush. 
Aiken was holding a few photos in his hand. They showed a man and a woman entering and exiting a high–end mall, and their faces were captured clearly. 
The man’s face was familiar, but the woman’s was entirely new to him. 
Just from the photos, the man looked exactly like Joe. Even if Gloria had seen the photo, she wouldn’t have been able to spot any differences. No wonder Skylar thought this man was Joe 
when she saw him. 
However, it was a pity. That man wasn’t Joe. His name was Ned Sowle, a Muridian, and he was engaged to the woman in the photo. 
The two had just arrived in Jipsburg a few days ago, intending to start a company and discuss a collaboration. They were also planning to get married soon. 
Aiken frowned as he studied the photos, staring intently at Ned. It was incredible how much he resembled Joe. 
He tapped the photos lightly with his fingers, hesitating. How should he tell Skylar about Ned’s identity? Would this hurt her again? 
He could disregard others‘ feelings, but he had to care about whether Skylar would be hurt. 
“Mr. Parkinson, are you attending the charity gala tonight?” A voice came through after three knocks on the door. 
Aiken’s eyes remained on the photos as he asked in a deep voice, “Are we sure that Hawking Technologies‘ Mr. Sowle will be attending?” 
“Yes, Mr. Parkinson. It’s confirmed.” 
“Alright, make the preparations then.” 
At 4:00 pm, Skylar and Caleb arrived on time at the venue of the charity gala. 
The turnout was larger than she had expected. Most of the attendees were strangers to her, but many people recognized Caleb. She paid little attention to the curious gazes swept over her. Just then, someone called out to her. “Skylar? Skylar! It’s really you!” She turned toward the voice and saw Minerva walking quickly toward her. 
After over three years apart, Minerva looked even more radiant and confident than before. Her movements excluded a sense of ease and poise. 
“Minerva?” 
“I just got back yesterday. I heard you had returned too, but I’ve been busy and couldn’t reach out. I didn’t expect to see you here today!” Minerva was delighted to see Skylar. 
For Minerva, this kind of event was incredibly dull. She hadn’t attended such gatherings in over three years, and she felt a bit out of place. But seeing Skylar made her feel like coming today was worth it. 
###chapter1191
 1198
Enjoy Ad–Free Reading>> 
Go 
Skylar’s eyes lit up when she saw Minerva as well “This is fate.” 
“When did you two meet?” Caleb was quite surprised. 
To him, Minerva and Skylar seemed like two people with completely different personalities The Reids were strict, and they had high expectations for Minerva, especially regarding her friends, who had to come from prominent families. 
While Skylar was undoubtedly exceptional, she didn’t come from such a background. So, seeing the two so familiar with each other caught him off guard. 
Minerva laughed and said, “We’ve known each other for many years, and we’re very good friends. It’s been a few years since we last met. 
“Caleb, you’ve grown up! And you even managed to have Skylar as your date for the evening. Well done!” 
“I’ve grown up a long time ago, okay?” Caleb’s mouth twitched. Today, he had met many people, and every one of them mentioned how he’d grown up, each one more surprised than 
the last. 
It was driving him crazy! Not only had he grown up, but he was a man now, standing at six feet tall. How could anyone still see him as a kid? 
Minerva couldn’t help but laugh. “Yeah, you’ve grown a lot over the years. I remember when we last met, you were only a little taller than me. Now, you’re a whole head taller.” 
Caleb felt a little proud at the compliment. 
“Come on, let’s go over there. The cakes are pretty good. Let’s try some,” Minerva said as she linked her arm with Skylar’s and started to lead her away. 
Seeing Caleb trying to follow, Minerva turned back and said, “I’m going to chat privately with Skylar. You go over there and have some fun.” 
Caleb rolled his eyes. What was he supposed to do for fun? Minerva was still treating him like a kid. But he didn’t follow them as he spotted some of his friends nearby. 
Minerva picked up a plate of small cakes and handed one to Skylar, “I tried this one earlier when I was bored. It’s pretty good, not too sweet or heavy.” 
Skylar, who liked small cakes, took a bite and found that Minerva was right. “This is delicious, just the way I like it.” 
“Are you planning to leave again?” Minerva asked casually. 
Skylar nodded and said, “Yes, I’m planning to stay for about a month before heading back to Murida. Is your fiancé here today?” She hadn’t noticed earlier, but it seemed like Minerva had 
come alone 
A couple of months ago, Minerva had mentioned that she was getting engaged. 
She met her fiancé while studying abroad, and he was also from Jipsburg. His family was politically influential, with a significant status and commanding respect even from the major families there. 
Hearing that, Minerva blushed slightly, “He just returned to the country, so he has a lot of things to take care of. Besides, this kind of event isn’t suitable for him.” 
“I’m happy for you, finding such a great partner” Skylar said, picking up two glasses of wine and handing one to Minerva. 
They clinked their glasses and took a small sip. The faint–aroma of the wine lingered on their lips. 
Minerva then smiled softly. “He is truly wonderful.” 
Just as she finished speaking, a figure appeared behind her. 
Skylar noticed Rowan first. 
The two of them had been so engrossed in their conversation that they hadn’t realized anyone was nearby or seen when Rowan approached. 
At first, Minerva also didn’t notice anyone behind her. After all, it was a charity gala. People constantly moved around. But when she sensed Skylar’s gaze shift, she quickly turned to look and met Rowan’s eyes directly. 
###chapter1192
 1199
“Long time no see,” Minerva greeted Rowan first. After several years, she had let go of the past. Now, meeting him again after three years, she felt calm. 
When she first went abroad, she occasionally thought about their entanglements. But as time passed, she eventually stopped thinking about Rowan altogether. 
It turned out that time truly was a great healer. 
“Long time no see,” Rowan replied, meeting Minerva’s gaze while feeling a heavy weight in 
his chest. 
After years of not seeing her, the reality of this reunion struck him hard. He could clearly feel her indifference, and her eyes showed no trace of lingering feelings. 
Had she really let go of everything that had happened between them three years ago? 
Minerva smiled back and nodded, but she didn’t know what else to say to Rowan. So, she just glanced awkwardly at Skylar and said, “I need to go to the restroom.” 
“Do you want me to go with you?” Skylar asked. 
But Minerva just shook her head. 
Rowan’s gaze followed her as she left, only looking away once she was out of sight. Then, he turned to Skylar and asked, “How have you been these past few years?” 
After what happened to Joe in Murida, Skylar left Jipsburg and stayed away for three years. During that time, people gradually forgot about Joe. But among their circle of friends, it was clear that
Skylar was the one most affected by his disappearance besides Gloria. 
Yet she had shown true responsibility, remaining in Murida to care for Gloria. If it had been anyone else, their first thought might have been securing as much wealth as possible after Joe’s downfall. 
Because of this, their friends had great respect for her. 
Skylar smiled and replied, “Not bad. How about you?” 
She could see that Rowan hadn’t moved on from Minerva. Three years might not be a very long time, but it wasn’t short either. Many things could have changed. 
“I’m still the same. It’s good to see you doing well. If you need anything while you’re back in Jipsburg, just call me. I’ll do whatever I can to help.” There was a hint of despondency in Rowan’s demeanor, likely a result of his encounter with Minerva and her cold attitude toward 
him. 
Rowan seemed to have lost interest in everything. 
Suddenly, something crossed his mind, and he asked, “Did Minerva mention her fiancé to you? 
In the past three years, he had traveled abroad more than once. He knew where Minerva was studying and had even waited outside her campus, watching her from afar. But he never approached her or said hello. Perhaps he just didn’t have the courage. 
A few days ago, he found out that Minerva had returned, and she wasn’t alone. She was with her boyfriend, and they were about to get engaged. 
So, he looked into his background and found him to be quite impressive. The thought of it felt like a dull knife cutting through his heart. 
Skylar just shook her head. “She didn’t say much. You…” 
“I’m a pretty boring person,” Rowan said with a smile. “I was the one who called off the engagement back then, and yet I’m the one who regrets it now. 
“Over the past few years, I’ve realized that no one can replace her. If her fiancé treats her well, I’ll wish them the best. But if he doesn’t… I won’t let go.” 
After finishing his words, Rowan picked up a glass of red wine and downed it in one go. 
Skylar didn’t know what to say. Sometimes, the human heart was just that complicated. When one had something, one wouldn’t know to cherish it. Only after losing it did one feel the heart- wrenching pain. 
“Have you heard of Ned Sowle while you were in Murida?” Rowan suddenly asked. Skylar shook her head and said, “No, I haven’t.” 
###chapter1193
 1200
Claim 
“Ned is the CEO of Hawking Technologies, and he just came from Murida. I heard that in recent years, he has acquired several tech companies over there. He’s quite an impressive figure,” Rowan explained briefly. 
This Ned Sowle was rather mysterious. Little information had been available about him, and Rowan had only just learned from the event organizers that he was the CEO of Hawking Technologies. 
Rowan thought that since such a prominent person had been in Murida, Skylar might have heard something about him. 
But it seemed that during her time there, Skylar had been entirely focused on finding Joe and had not paid attention to other matters. 
Unfortunately, all their friends knew that Joe, who had gone missing for three years, wasn’t simply missing–he was truly gone. Skylar might be the only person left who still believed he was alive. 
“I didn’t hear about him in Murida, but I’ve heard a bit since coming back. I heard he’ll be attending tonight’s gala,” Skylar realized that the CEO of Hawking Technologies was Ned. 
Rowan nodded. “Yes, many people are here tonight just for him, hoping to collaborate with him.” 
“Skylar, look, Aiken is here,” Caleb said as he walked over and pointed in a direction for Skylar. 
She followed his gaze and saw Aiken approaching. His presence had already drawn many people’s attention, and a crowd gathered around him, engaging in conversation. 
While talking to others, Aiken noticed Skylar and seemed momentarily surprised. He didn’t expect her to be at the gala tonight. 
Then, he spotted Caleb and Rowan and quickly understood that Skylar was likely here as a companion to one of them. 
Considering that Ned would also be present tonight, Aiken’s expression changed subtly, though he remained composed. 
“Aiken never used to attend events like this. Why did he come today? It’s really lively tonight, “Caleb remarked. 
Rowan replied in a serious tone, “Your Uncle John probably wouldn’t want you to get too close to the Parkinsons. So, you had better stop calling him by his first name.” 
Although Aiken was
###chapter1194
 1201
A?en watched as Skylar made her way to the restroom. It was evident that the news he had brought her had hit her hard. 
But perhaps this was for the best. At least this way, she wouldn’t lose her composure when she saw Ned later. Hearing the truth about his identity directly from him would have been another 
blow. 
Besides, Ned would be attending the gala dinner that evening with his fiancée, Rosa. Judging by the timing, they should be arriving soon. 
Just as this thought crossed his mind, he spotted Ned and Rosa making their entrance. As soon as they appeared, the room fell silent. 
Many people stared in disbelief at Ned. Someone gasped, “Mr. Martin?” 
Another quickly corrected. “He’s not Mr. Martin. He’s Mr. Sowle, the CEO of Hawking Technologies.” 
What? The CEO of Hawking Technologies?” 
“Not Mr. Martin?” 
“How can there be two people who look so alike? They’re practically identical.” 
“Yeah! They look so much alike. It’s uncanny how identical they are.” 
The shock and murmurs from the crowd reached Ned’s ears, and he wasn’t surprised to be mistaken for Joe. A few months back, he had seen a photo in the news that introduced Joe, and he
had learned some details about him. 
Aiken was momentarily taken aback, lost in thought. It was one thing to think they resembled each other from photos and videos. 
But seeing Ned in person made it clear that it wasn’t just a resemblance. They looked almost like twins. 
At that moment, Rowan and Caleb regained their senses. They exchanged glances and simultaneously exclaimed, “What the heck?” 
“I’m going to ask him.” Rowan couldn’t contain his curiosity and excitement after hearing the crowd’s conversations. 
He hurried over to Ned. 
Caleb was about to follow when he suddenly thought of Skylar. He quickly scanned the room, searching for her. In the end, he didn’t find her. 
He only saw Aiken sitting there, staring blankly at Ned.. 
It wasn’t just Aiken who was shocked. Most of the guests at the gala dinner had met Joe before. The moment they saw Ned, they were all completely astonished. 
Rowan walked directly up to Ned, scrutinizing him closely. He thought, “Damn it! They look 
the same.” 
Rowan asked, “Are you… not Joe?” 
Ned’s expression remained impassive as he coldly regarded Rowan. “No, I’m not.” 
Rosa spoke up, “You all must have mistaken him for someone else. He’s Ned Sowle, the CEO of Hawking Technologies. We don’t know anyone named Joe.” 
Since that day in the café when she heard Ned being called Joe, Rosa had been digging into Joe’s background. The more she learned, the more startled she became. 
“Are you really not?” Rowan frowned, continuing to examine Ned from head to toe. It was one thing to look alike. Their heights and personalities matched as well. 
“Are you sure you grew up in Murida?” 
A woman’s graceful figure suddenly appeared, hurrying toward Ned. Hearing the footsteps, Ned turned and saw Skylar standing right in front of him. 
###chapter1195
 1202
Ned and Skylar locked eyes. 
Skylar’s eyes filled with tears, a surge of encontrollable emotions welling up inside her. She waited for the man in front of her to respond. 
Ned’s gare was deep and unreadable, seemingly devoid of emotion. However, he kept his eyes fixed on Skylar unusually long 
There was something about this woman before him that sparked a strange, subtle familiarity within him. It felt as though he should know her 
But logic told him otherwise they had never met. Maybe it was the way her tear–filled eyes made her look fragile, evoking a sense of pity in him. 
“Ned…” Rosa called gently. 
Ned gave Skylar one last deep look before pulling his gaze away and responding, “I grew up in 
Murida” 
His answer was firm and decisive, leaving no room for doubt. 
Skylar’s body went rigid at his words. 
Shortly after, Ned and Rosa conversed with the others, and the crowd quickly forgot the unsettling moment. 
It was only when Caleb and Rowan whispered to her that Skylar snapped out of her daze. Distracted, she glanced at the two men. “I’m fine,” she murmured. 
Caleb and Rowan were both taken aback by the situation. After all, no one could have expected to find someone who looked exactly like Joe. It was as if they were carved from the same mold. 
Not only Skylar but even they were shaken. No matter how hard they looked at it, they couldn’t distinguish the difference—Ned looked just like Joe. 
But he had grown up in Murida, there was no way he could be Joe. 
“Are you sure you’re okay? We can leave now if you want,” Caleb asked, his tone filled with concern. He wasn’t interested in charity galas like this anyway and was more than willing to leave at any time. 
Skylar shook her head. “No need. I’ll stay until it ends.” 
Her gaze discreetly drifted back toward Ned. Perhaps it was the intensity of the way she had just looked at Ned, but it stirred a sense of hostility in Rosa. 
Their eyes met, and Rosa’s face tightened with a guarded, icy expression. 
Skylar suddenly felt as if something was pressing against her chest, making it hard to breathe. 
“Do you want to step outside for some fresh air? 
Aiken appeared next to her without her realizing when he had arrived, his voice soft and concerned. 
Skylar nodded slightly. “Okay.” 
They made their way to the rooftop. Compared to the bustling event downstairs, the rooftop was quiet and peaceful. 
The cool evening breeze brushed against Skylar’s face, and the heavy weight that had been suffocating her started to ease. 
“Would you like something to eat?” Aiken asked. 
Skylar shook her head and replied, “I had some cake earlier. I’m not hungry. Don’t worry about me, I’m fine.” 
“Good to hear. Ned and Joe really do look alike. If he hadn’t personally denied it, everyone would believe he’s Joe.” Aiken’s voice remained soft. 
Skylar’s thoughts wandered again. “Yeah, they’re really alike.” 
Their height, features, and even voices were identical. She couldn’t help but wonder if two people in this world could look so completely alike. 
Aiken noticed her distraction and didn’t press further. He simply stayed by her side in silence. After hearing Ned’s answer firsthand, it was hard for Skylar to accept it right away. 
She had been so hopeful, only to have all those hopes dashed. Anyone would struggle to accept 
1. it. 
About ten minutes later, Skylar’s phone pinged with a WhatsApp message. She snapped back to reality and glanced at her phone. 
It was a message from Minerva. She asked how she was doing and if she wanted her to come up for some company. 
Skylar glanced at her phone, suddenly realizing it was already 7:00 pm. The auction should be starting soon. 
###chapter1196
 1203
Skylar replied to Minerva, “I’m heading downstairs now.” 
She put away her phone and looked at Aiken. “Let’s go.” 
“Okay.” 
い 
After her earlier calm, Skylar felt completely at ease. They made their way down and took a 
seat next to Caleb. 
Caleb didn’t notice Skylar’s return. He was engrossed in a conversation on his phone. “Uncle John, I wish I hadn’t brought Skylar. You have no ideas. Ned looks just like Joe! I can’t see a 
difference at all.” 
John replied almost instantly, “Send me a picture. I refuse to believe there’s someone who looks that much like another person.” 
Without hesitation, Caleb snapped a photo of Ned from the side. He couldn’t capture a frontal view but snapped a shot anyway. 
He sent it to John, and just as he was about to type a response, he noticed someone beside him. Turning his head, he saw Skylar and quickly said, “You’re back? How are you feeling now? Should we leave?” 
26 
“I’m good. Has the auction started?” Skylar smiled back, her gaze shifting to the front. Staff members were already beginning to set things up. 
Out of the corner of her eye, she spotted Ned talking to Rosa. Whatever they were discussing made Rosa laugh happily. Skylar quickly turned her gaze away. 
“Yes, it’s started. Some attendees of the charity gala have brought items from their collections to auction off, and the proceeds will be donated. Uncle John has participated a few times before and has donated some items as well,” Caleb explained. 
There was something Caleb didn’t mention. Because Ned was present today, many people brought out exceptional items for auction, far better than the previous events this year. 
Skylar smiled. “Great! Let’s see if there’s anything good.” 
The auction proceeded quickly, with many people eager to participate. 
However, she found herself somewhat distracted, finding nothing seemed that piqued her interest. Caleb seemed to feel the same. 
At that moment, Minerva sat down beside her and leaned in slightly. She whispered, “These events can be pretty boring. How about we go out for a drink tonight?” 
Minerva initially thought it would be just an ordinary charity gala, but she hadn’t anticipated encountering someone who looked exactly like Joe. 
Minerva had never heard of such a situation before, only seen it in novels. It felt quite melodramatic, and she was worried that Skylar would feel worse seeing Ned’s face. 
Skylar glanced at the time and agreed. “Alright, let’s go.” 
“I’ll head out too. I’m meeting some friends,” Caleb said. 
As they were leaving, Ned, who had been observing the auction items, suddenly looked over at Skylar. He noticed that her slender figure from behind seemed almost too fragile. It was as if she shouldn’t be this thin. 
Half an hour later, as Ned and Rosa were about to leave, Rowan stepped in front of Ned. His eyes narrowed as he scrutinized him. 
“Are you really not Joe?” he asked. 
Rowan had been observing Ned from a distance. Based on his familiarity with Joe, he noticed that apart from the name and place of birth, Ned was nearly identical to Joe in every other way. 
He needed to understand who Ned really was. He wondered if Joe had grown weary of the Martin family. Perhaps he had created this identity for himself, making it seem as though he –had died over three years ago. 
Rowan felt as if he had stumbled onto the truth. 
Ned maintained a stoic expression as he looked at Rowan and coldly replied, “I’m not. Move * aside.” 
The authoritative tone sent a chill down Rowan’s spine. It was reminiscent of how Joe would have reprimanded him. Without thinking, he stepped aside, allowing Ned and Rosa to pass. 
As Ned and Rosa walked past Rowan, Rosa suddenly stopped and looked at him. She said, “You 
your all have mistaken him. I’ve known Ned for years. He is Ned, not Joe. I hope you and friends won’t bother us again.” 
###chapter1197
 1204
As soon as Rosa spoke, the group that was leaving cast strange glances in their direction. 
Rowan was known for his boldness, and he wasn’t intimidated by anyone in Jipsburg. He chuckled lightly at Rosa’s comment. “Why do I get the feeling you’re afraid of something, Ms. Reese?” 
He figured that when she mentioned not wanting him and his friend to disturb them, she was referring to Skylar. It seemed Rosa was wary of Skylar. This was intriguing. 
Rowan wondered if she was worried that Skylar’s beauty would enchant Ned and steal him away. 
“What do I have to be afraid of?” Rosa furrowed her brows. 
She had no good impression of either the woman who had been teary–eyed while looking at Ned or of Rowan himself. She couldn’t shake the feeling that they would somehow take Ned away from her. 
Seeing that he had provoked enough, Rowan glanced at Ned before deciding to leave. He was in a pretty foul mood today, feeling overwhelmed by a tumult of emotions he couldn’t sort through. 
As for Ned’s true identity, he was certain that after the charity gala, information about his background would be revealed by the next day. 
It was just a pity for Skylar. Meeting Ned today would only bring her more pain. 
Seeing Rowan leave as if nothing happened, Rosa bit her lip and quietly said to Ned, “He’s so rude.” 
After today’s gala, she had lost all good impressions of the people present. When Ned didn’t respond, she turned to him. 
Noticing that he seemed lost in thought and his expression was serious, she immediately asked with concern, “Ned, are you feeling unwell? Do you want to go to the hospital?” 
At the mention of the hospital, Ned frowned and replied, “No need.” 
“Alright then. Let’s head back to the hotel to rest.” Rosa knew Ned disliked visiting hospitals. Over the past two years, his headaches and insomnia had worsened, and even sleeping pills didn’t always help. 
After a couple of visits, Ned had developed a strong aversion to hospitals. 
During their previous visits to the hospitals, Ned appeared to resist going as if by instinct. However, with her insistence, he eventually agreed. Unfortunately, the doctors could only help alleviate some of his headaches. When it came to insomnia, there was little they could do. 
For some reason, Rosa felt a sudden wave of unease wash over her. She had the distinct feeling they shouldn’t linger in Jipsburg City. 
After they stepped out and got into the car, she turned to Ned and said, “I really don’t like this place. Can we leave soon? I prefer being at home rather than staying in a hotel. It’s much more comfortable.” 
Ned seemed to be in so much pain that he didn’t catch her words clearly. He acknowledged she was speaking and replied, “Sorry, I didn’t catch what you said.” 
“I… It’s nothing. I’m just worried that your headache will get worse. I asked around and found out about a doctor who specializes in acupuncture.” Rosa quickly shifted the topic. 
Now that she had calmed down, she felt relieved Ned hadn’t heard her earlier thoughts. Otherwise, she would have appeared overly sensitive. 
This trip was never meant to be prolonged. Once they signed the contract, they would leave Jipsburg City, and another manager from the branch office would come in to take over. 
She had been looking forward to visiting Jipsburg City to see its unique scenery, but now… she took a deep breath and pushed those thoughts aside. 
She hoped that during their stay, there wouldn’t be any further complications. 
After they drove off, Aiken’s car pulled up behind them. 
###chapter1198
 1205
Aiken squinted at the car in front of him and turned to the person beside him. “Keep investigating those two.” 
“Mr. Parkinson, do you think…” 
“Yeah, something feels off. Continue the investigation,” Aiken said in a deep voice. 
… 
After a night of indulgence, Skylar woke up at Minerva’s house. The two of them had spent the previous night drinking together. 
Although her tolerance for alcohol was still quite low, it had improved significantly compared to three years ago. It seemed they had drunk late into the night, and she had ended up sleeping in the guest room. 
As she climbed out of bed, she realized Minerva had already prepared breakfast. Wearing an apron, Minerva looked like a devoted wife as she observed the hungover Skylar. 
“I made you some breakfast -bolognese pasta. I didn’t add any seasoning because we drank too much last night. Your stomach will feel better after eating something comforting.” 
Minerva, whoever marries you is going to be so lucky,” Skylar said as she approached the * table, marveling at the beautifully presented bolognese pasta. 
She gave her a thumbs–up. This was a genuine compliment. She knew how to cook, so she understood how to make bolognese pasta. 
They were topped with rich bolognese sauce made from tomatoes and ground meats, but Minerva had made them look exquisite. Even the grated cheese was arranged in a heart shape, making the dish look even more appetizing. 
Minerva couldn’t stop smiling at the compliment. “I had to cook for myself while living abroad these past few years. I really couldn’t get used to the food there. At first, my cooking was terrible, but I started following various recipes. 
“Thankfully, I’m not a kitchen disaster. Over time, I developed an interest, and my dishes became tastier.” 
“So, you told me last night that your boyfriend initially liked coming over to your place for meals, and that’s how he gradually became attached to you, right?” Skylar asked with a laugh. 
“Well… yes. We actually knew each other a long time ago, but I didn’t think much of him when we were in Jipsburg. He was the one who reminded me we were classmates and had met a few times before,” Minerva replied. 
Back in college, she had a strict upbringing. At that time, she had a crush on Rowan. Hence, 
her thoughts were only on him, leaving little room to notice anyone else. 
The reason she developed feelings for Rowan was partly due to her family. Back in college, she had already learned that their families were set to arrange a marriage, and he was the chosen 
one. 
At that age, she was too young to fully understand her emotions. After meeting the charming and handsome Rowan, she was completely captivated, believing he would be the person she would spend her life with. 
Skylar smiled and nodded. “Your relationship sounds so romantic.” 
After washing her face and brushing her teeth, she walked out of the bathroom and immediately tasted the bolognese pasta that Minerva had made from scratch. 
Although it was just bolognese pasta, it was rich in flavor, and she finished an entire bowl. 
Minerva asked, “Do you have any plans for today? If not, could you come with me to pick out a dress? I need it for my engagement in a few days.” 
Skylar shook her head. “I don’t have anything planned. I need to go to my company for dinner. My mom is hosting a company team–building event tonight, and as the behind–the–scenes boss, I have to attend.” 
“Great!” Minerva exclaimed. 
As Minerva went to her bedroom to change, Skylar unlocked her phone. 
Suddenly, a news alert popped up. Sure enough, Ned had made the trending news due to his striking resemblance to Joe. Some mischievous individuals had even tagged Lizzie and Vera, urging them to confirm the similarity between Ned and Joe. 
Just then, her phone rang. 
###chapter1199
 1206
Upon seeing the caller ID showing Lizzie, Skylar answered right away. 
“Did you see the news?” Lizzie asked. 
“Yeah, I just saw it,” Skylar replied. 
“What’s the deal with this Ned? He looks almost identical to Joe. If no one told me they were two different people, I would think they were the same person,” Lizzie said, still in shock. 
It had been a long time since she had been surprised like this. 
“I saw Ned last night at the charity gala mentioned in the news. He really does look exactly like Joe in person,” Skylar added. 
Lizzie hadn’t expected Skylar to meet Ned and felt a wave of concern wash over her. “You’re okay, right?” she asked. 
Skylar hadn’t developed any new romantic feelings in the three years, and it was clear she hadn’t moved on from Joe. Now, with someone who looked just like him appearing, all the feelings and memories she had buried deep inside would likely resurface. 
She understood this feeling all too well. It was something only those who had experienced it could truly grasp. 
For some people, once feelings were locked away in their hearts, they might never be able to make room for anyone else for the rest of their lives. 
“I’m fine. I see that some people are already trying to stir the pot, dragging you and Vera into it. Are you facing any trouble?” Skylar asked with a smile. 
“No trouble at all. I have a concert coming up in a few days, along with some other performances, so this gives me a chance for free publicity,” Lizzie said nonchalantly. She welcomed any opportunity for free promotion. 
After chatting a bit more, they ended the call. Just as Skylar hung up, another call came in from Natalie. Her questions mirrored Lizzie’s, but after reassuring her, another call came in 
from Steven. 
“Are 
you coming home tonight?” he asked. 
“Mom is organizing a company team–building event, so I’ll be there with her and some employees. Were you worried about me after seeing the news about Ned, Steven?” Skylar inquired. 
Steven chuckled softly. “You have always been smart. Hearins ask that means you’re fine. 
Ned really does look a lot like Joe.” 
you 
He held back his true feelings. Ned was not just similar–he was almost a carbon copy. 
Chablas 120. 
After three long years, Steven felt relieved that skylar had begun to heal from her emotional wounds. If a stranger suddenly appeared and stirred up her feelings again, it would have been better for her to wait a little longer before returning to Jipsburg. 
“Yeah,” Skylar replied, her mind drifting back to the image of Ned from yesterday. 
A person’s gaze could never lie. 
Once she regained her composure, she recalled how he looked at her, there was none of the warmth she once knew. Instead, there was only a chilling indifference. 
So, he was not Joe. If he were really Joe, he would never have looked at her that way. 
Skylar snapped back to reality and said, “Yeah, no one can hurt me anymore. Don’t worry, Steven.” 
By the time they arrived at the dress design studio, it was already noon. The designer had been waiting eagerly for Minerva to arrive. 
Skylar lounged on the couch, enjoying the sight of Minerva trying on various dresses. Minerva had a fantastic figure, and the designer’s creations fit her perfectly, highlighting the unique features of each gown. It was truly a visual delight. 
“How does this one compare to the last?” Minerva asked, standing in front of the mirror. She 
scrutinized her reflection but still felt unsatisfied. 
Skylar walked over, nodded, and said, “I think this dress isn’t as nice as the third one you tried on earlier.” 
“I agree. The third one felt way more comfortable when I had it on,” Minerva replied. 
###chapter1200
 1207
pter 1207 
After Minerva finished speaking, she seemed to think of something and quickly grabbed her phone to make a video call. Before long, someone answered her video call. 
“Darling, where are you?” Emerson Hampton’s voice was magnetic and pleasant, filled with affection. 
“Can you help me decide if this dress looks good? I’m thinking of wearing it for the engagement,” Minerva said, directing the camera toward the full–length mirror. 
Through the phone’s camera, Emerson could perfectly see Minerva’s figure. He studied her intently, his gaze filled with a hint of desire. Then, he said, “Buy everything you tried on today. When I get home, I want you to model each one for me, and then we can decide which to wear for the engagement.” 
Minerva couldn’t help but chuckle at his words. “I’ll think about it.” 
She knew Emerson wouldn’t be much help in making her decision. Even if she wore à burlap sack, he would probably think she looked like a goddess. 
“Send me your location. I’ll drive over now. Our engagement is a shared affair, so let’s pick together,” he insisted. 
Minerva nodded. “Alright.” 
She sent him the address. 
Skylar hadn’t expected Minerva to jump on a video call with her boyfriend. She was caught off guard by the sweet display of affection. With a teasing smile, she looked at Minerva and said, Looks like I
can step back now?” 
I 
Minerva blushed slightly and said, “He’ll take about half an hour to get here, so stay with me a bit longer.” 
“Sure, I’ll make the most of these 30 minutes.” Skylar laughed. 
Minerva excitedly headed back to try on more dresses, while Skylar waited on the couch, feeling a bit bored. This dress design studio was quite famous in Jipsburg. 
The head designer had won numerous awards and many celebrities scrambled to wear their creations on the red carpet. 
While Skylar waited, a couple entered the studio. 
“I have a friend who came to Jipsburg for an event and chose her outfit here. She said the designers are quite talented and recommended I check it out. Ned, I won’t take too long. I just want to see their styles. If I don’t like them, we can leave.” 
“Sure, take your time.” 
212 
Two familiar voices echoed in the room, quickly followed by the sound of high heels clicking against the marble floor. 
Skylar looked up at the noise, her gaze falling on the source. 
When she saw Ned and Rosa, her expression faltered in surprise. She hadn’t expected to run 
into them here. 
Skylar thought their lives wouldn’t cross again. But to her shock, they met just a day after their last encounter. 
Ned and Rosa noticed Skylar at the same moment. They both appeared equally surprised. Especially Rosa, who frowned slightly at the sight of Skylar. 
Ned’s unreadable eyes locked on Skylar as if he were wondering whether this woman could be following him. 
S 
Back in Murida, he had plenty of women trying to get close to him, some even stalking him. Many wanted to climb into his bed. 
But soon, he dismissed the idea. It was clear Skylar wasn’t the type to stalk him. 
Rosa broke the silence first, her brow still furrowed. “Hey, what a coincidence! Running into you here.” 
Ned’s resemblance to Joe had hit today’s trending news in Jipsburg. Many were talking about 
Joe’s fiancée, Lizzie. 
No one 
had brought up Skylar, which left Rosa curious about what kind of relationship Skylar 
had with Joe. 

###chapter1201
 1208
It seemed that many people had known Skylar from the previous charity gala. Rosa had learned her name through others. 
The intense feeling of unease that had surfaced then now returned. 
She glanced sideways at Ned, noticing he was focused on Skylar. A wave of anxiety washed over her, and she quickly took his arm. 
She said, “Ned, don’t you think we have some kind of fate with her? We just met yesterday. Now, here we are running into her again while out shopping.” 
Jipsburg was a large city, not a small town. Sometimes, people even living in the same complex would rarely even cross paths, let alone in this situation. 
Skylar nodded at them. She first met Ned’s gaze, then heard Rosa’s words. Her smile faded slightly as she replied in a neutral tone, “It does seem like fate.” 
Ned stared at Skylar, a voice in his mind insisting that she shouldn’t be so indifferent when facing him. This sudden thought made him momentarily disoriented. 
Noticing Ned staring at Skylar, Rosa felt uncomfortable. She glanced around and said, “I don’t think I like the dress styles here. Let’s find somewhere else to look around.” 
* “Sure,” Ned replied. Just as they were about to leave, Minerva stepped out of the fitting room 
and spotted Ned. 
She had intended to show Skylar her outfit but was taken aback when she saw Ned. Her expression froze in surprise. She thought, “What… How did we run into each other again?” 
She quickly turned to Skylar. 
Skylar appeared unperturbed. After a night had passed, she had already begun to view Ned as a stranger. After all, he was not Joe–just someone who bore a resemblance to him. 
“That dress looks much better than the previous ones. It really complements your fair complexion,” Skylar remarked, taken aback by Minerva’s stunning appearance. 
Minerva nodded enthusiastically and said, “I think so too.” 
“Why don’t you wear this one while you wait for your boyfriend? He’ll definitely be pleased when he sees it,” Skylar suggested. 
Ned suddenly stopped in front of the door. He turned to look at Skylar, and his peripheral vision caught Minerva. 
Minerva was wearing a long white gown that matched the color Skylar had worn yesterday. 
To Ned, Skylar’s skin appeared even fairer, and he still vividly recalled how beautiful she had 
looked the previous evening–her beauty was the kind that effortlessly stirred a man’s desires. 
“Is something wrong, Ned?” Rosa asked when she noticed he had stopped. She followed his gaze and saw that he was once again looking at Skylar. 
The way he gazed at her didn’t seem like he was looking at a stranger. Instead, it was the kind of intense gaze a man might give a woman who captured his heart. 
Rosa’s expression changed abruptly and she quickly asked, “Ned, what’s going on?” 
Her voice snapped him back to reality, pulling his attention away from Skylar as he walked out 
with Rosa. 
Minerva caught this entire exchange. After a moment of shock, she turned to Skylar and said, I can’t shake the feeling that Ned’s gaze toward you isn’t exactly innocent. Is he the type to be greedy, wanting what’s in front of him while still coveting something else?” 
If Minerva were some na?ve girl, that would be one thing. But as a woman, Minerva knew exactly what kind of intentions were in Ned’s eyes when he looked at Skylar. He desired her. 
It was understandable. Someone as stunning as Skylar was a rare find. Most men couldn’t help but have impure thoughts. 
Besides, after what happened last night when Skylar mistook him for someone else, it wasn’t impossible for Ned to have thoughts of getting closer to her. 
Skylar chuckled lightly. “I’m not an item.” 
Minerva felt relieved at Skylar’s response. 
###chapter1202
 1209
Ned might want to toy with Skylar’s feelings, but he had to consider whether he could do so 
“your boyfriend should be arriving soon. I won’the a third wheel, so I’ll take my leave,” Skylar said to Minerva as she glanced at the time 
“Alright, let’s plan to meet up again in a couple of days,” Minerva replied. 
“okay.” 
As Skylar stepped out of the studio, she intended to take the subway when a car suddenly pulled up in front of her. The window rolled down, revealing Ned and Rosa. Ned’s intense gaze swept over her. 
“Ms. Sullivan, where are you headed? If it’s on our way, we can give you a fide,” Rosa asked 
first. 
Though she seemed to be offering help, Skylar could sense Rosa’s reluctance to offer a ride 
With a polite smile, Skylar responded, “Thank you, but the place I’m going is probably not along your route.” 
“Where are you going?” Ned suddenly inquired. 
Rosa’s expression shifted slightly, and she bit her lip. 
With a smile, Skylar said, “I’m headed to the suburbs.” 
They were likely staying at a hotel in the city center, which was definitely not on the way to where she was going. 
Tonight’s team–building event was scheduled at a hot spring resort in the suburbs. Janine had booked two villas, allowing employees to bring their swimsuits and enjoy the hot springs before having a barbecue together. 
Rosa’s eyes widened in surprise. “You’re not going to the hot spring resort in the suburbs too, are you?” 
It was such a coincidence. Perhaps Rosa and Ned’s whereabouts had been leaked, which led Skylar to mention it on purpose. 
She needed to investigate Skylar thoroughly. Otherwise, she wouldn’t feel at ease. 
Skylar was momentarily stunned by Rosa’s remark Just as she was about to find another excuse, Ned said directly, “Get in the car.” 
Brian then got out of the car and opened the door to the passenger seat. It felt too polite to find another reason to refuse now. So, she relented. 
Ned’s face was strikingly similar to Joe’s. Over the past three years, if it weren’t for looking at Joe’s photos, Skylar sometimes felt that Joe’s appearance was becoming increasingly blurred 
in her memory. 
However, ever since she met Ned yesterday, Joe’s appearance had been vividly etched into her memory again. It became clearer than ever. 
Once she got into the car, she thanked Ned and Rosa. Then, she sent a WhatsApp message to Janine, letting her know she was getting a ride to the hot spring resort. 
The journey to the suburbs typically took over an hour without traffic. But now the roads were congested, filled with traffic lights. The car moved slowly, stopping and starting, which consumed quite a bit of time. 
The atmosphere inside the car felt somewhat strange, though Skylar pretended not to notice. 
Sitting in the backseat, Ned watched Skylar with a stoic expression. He seemed cold and distant. But a thought crossed his mind–the passenger seat wasn’t the right place for Skylar; she should be sitting next to him in the back. 
As soon as this idea crossed his mind, he was reminded of Rosa sitting beside him, making him feel a bit ridiculous. 
He quickly withdrew his gaze, leaning back in the seat and closing his eyes. He raised a hand to press against his aching head. 
Rosa noticed this and quickly turned her attention away from Skylar. She asked, “Ned, is your head hurting again? Do you need some medicine? If it’s too bad, we can skip the hot spring resort today and just go back to the hotel to rest. 
Upon hearing Rosa’s words, Skylar glanced up but didn’t turn around. She felt a bit dazed and wondered if Ned also suffered from headaches. 
That was quite similar to Joe. It reminded her of the Joe she first met. 
As she got lost in her thoughts, Ned replied to Rosa, “No need.” 
“But your headaches have been happening too frequently, and you often have insomnia. You really should take the time to rest.” 
Rosa had initially been excited about going to the hot spring resort. Now, as she glanced at Skylar in the passenger seat, a wave of reluctance to go there washed over her. 
###chapter1203
 1210
But even after Rosa finished speaking, Ned didn’t say they wouldn’t go. Rosa felt a twinge of discomfort in her heart. But given the situation, she couldn’t voice her thoughts. 
Skylar noticed Ned’s pale face in the rearview mirror, his discomfort evident due to the 
headache. 
The image brought to mind memories of Joe during his own painful moments. In that instant, Ned transformed into Joe, and it felt as though they were the same. 
They looked alike and both suffered from insomnia and headaches. Skylar suddenly tightened her grip on her bag. 
The familiar feeling she had experienced when she first met Ned resurfaced in her mind. 
Taking a deep breath, she tried to regain her composure. Her voice calmed as she suggested, ” Try pressing here and see if it helps with your headache.” 
As she spoke, she pointed to the top of her head. She was careful not to mention the specific acupuncture point in case they didn’t understand. 
Rosa frowned at Skylar’s suggestion. “Do you know any traditional massage techniques? Or did you just see someone do it and think it might work?” 
Rosa had seen many women try to catch Ned’s attention in similar ways, so she wasn’t surprised. This made her believe that Skylar was pretending to know what she was talking 
about. 
Ned suddenly opened his eyes. His deep, bottomless gaze fixed on Skylar in the passenger seat. “Does it really work?” he asked. 
“It varies from person to person, and it may not necessarily be suitable for you, Mr. Sowle,” Skylar replied. 
His voice was just like Joe’s, making it hard for her to ignore. Yet the longing and memories she had buried would keep resurfacing, and a voice in her mind would insist that the man before her was Joe. 
Ned’s gaze lingered on Skylar for a long moment. 
“Then… let’s follow Ms. Sullivan’s suggestion and give it a try,” Rosa said, feeling a 
heightened sense of unease as Ned had never looked at her that way before. 
Perhaps Ned was unaware of how he was looking at Skylar, but Rosa was very aware. He had looked at her the same way last night and again at the dress design studio earlier. 
“Alright.” Ned returned his gaze and closed his eyes again, slightly reclining his seat. Rosa then began to press on Ned’s head. 
After just two presses, Ned furrowed his brow. Rosa quickly asked, “Am I pressing too hard?” 
“No, you can stop for now.” Ned moved Rosa’s hand away. His voice was cold, but the tightly knit brows revealed that he was enduring pain. 
Rosa felt worried. “Maybe we should just head back to the hotel. With all this stop–and–go driving, your headache might worsen.” 
Skylar spoke up at the right moment. “Just drop me off here, please. Thank you for the ride, Mr. Sowle and Mr. Reese.” 
At her words, Rosa let out a sigh of relief. It seemed Skylar wasn’t the kind of person she feared – someone who would try to attract Ned’s attention. 
Rosa was cautious because she sensed something unexplainable hanging between her and Ned, hindering their relationship from progressing. The presence of Skylar stirred a sense of unease within her. No one had ever made her feel this way before. 
Previously, Ned had been indifferent toward other women with ulterior motives. Hence, Rosa had always believed this was simply his personality. He didn’t like to get too close to anyone. But the way he looked at Skylar now made her realize something was different. 
“That’s fine, then…” She was about to instruct Brian to pull over. 
Just then, Ned opened his eyes and fixed his gaze directly on Skylar. He said, “Since we’re headed to the hot spring resort, it’s on the way. Let’s all go together.” 
Rosa felt a heaviness in her chest. She bit her lip, glancing at Skylar in the passenger seat. 
###chapter1204
Skylar replied simply, “Okay.” 
Fortunately, the remainder of the journey went smoothly, with no signs of traffic congestion. However, the atmosphere in the car was tense and silent. 
Ned seemed to have fallen asleep with his eyes closed, while Rosa stared out the window, her expression heavy with unspoken thoughts. 
Skylar found herself distracted as she watched the road ahead. She was quite familiar with this route to the hot spring resort. She had been there several times before, once with Joe. 
A sense of nostalgia washed over her. It felt like she was transported back to over three years 
ago. 
Just then, her phone rang. It was Jeremy. He rarely contacted her. Over the past three years, aside from the issues with the Hughes family, she had managed to resolve everything related 
to them. Now that he was calling, it must be important. 
She answered the call in a soft voice. “Mr. Hughes?” 
“I didn’t attend the gala dinner last night because I had something to handle. I just saw the news and heard about the situation from Rowan. Do you want me to meet with him?” Jeremy ? asked. 
Skylar replied quietly, “No, they’re not the same person.” 
Hearing this, Jeremy didn’t press further. “Alright.” 
He then hung up. 
As Skylar was about to put her phone back in her bag, Ned’s voice broke the silence. He asked, Do I resemble the Joe you mentioned?” 
The only person in the car who could ask that was Ned. She didn’t hold back her response. Yes, you both look almost identical. That’s why I mistook you for him yesterday. I apologize if I caused any inconvenience to you or Ms. Reese, 
Ned frowned again at the emotional distance in her words. 
However, Rosa suddenly asked, “As far as I know, Joe has a fiancée. What is your relationship with him, Ms. Sullivan?” 
Skylar was taken aback by the question. She could feel both Rosa and Ned watching her intently. 
The details of her marriage with Joe were known only to a few close friends, so it was natural for them to be curious about her relationship with him. 
“I would say we’re very good friends,” she replied. 
Rosa blinked, clearly unconvinced. Being a woman herself, she could tell that when Skylar had seen Ned yesterday, her eyes had sparkled with intense emotions. 
That kind of intensity could either indicate a secret crush or suggest that Skylar was Joe’s kept mistress. Such things were not uncommon. 
After all, three years ago, Joe had been the CEO of the Martin Group. The temptations he faced would be greater than what Ned experienced, not lesser. Under such circumstances, it was hard to
believe that anyone could remain faithful 
The only exception would be if Joe and Ned shared similar personalities, both avoiding overly intimate relationships with others. 
“I thought you liked Joe, but it turns out you’re just friends,” Rosa remarked with a teasing 
smile. 
Skylar’s expression darkened. Meanwhile, Ned continued to watch her silently. 
Brian sped along the road, taking advantage of the good conditions. They soon arrived at the hot spring resort. Skylar got out of the car right at the entrance, deciding not to go in with them. She needed to wait for Janine and the others at the reception center. 
The hot spring resort had arranged a large bus to transport their group. While waiting, Skylar took the opportunity to grab a snack. 
After about half an hour, Janine arrived with the employees. They all headed to the villa they had reserved. 
The two villas were adjacent to each other, with an open area in between designed for team- building events. 
###chapter1205
The various skewers were prepared by Janine and her team just that morning. The meat was incredibly fresh. 
The staff at the hot spring resort had set up the grill and charcoal fire. 
The men took charge of the grilling. The women gathered nearby, enjoying the cooked skewers while chatting away. 
Muriel and Skylar sat together. Over the past few years, they had occasionally chatted on WhatsApp. Unlike a few years ago, Muriel now exuded confidence, her face often lit up with a 
smile. 
“I know you reached out to me three years ago because Lizzie introduced me as a potential candidate for the job,” Muriel said calmly. 
Skylar was surprised. She thought she had hidden that well. “When did you figure it out?” 
Muriel smiled and recalled the moment. “One day while I was at the night market selling my crafts, I saw Lizzie, and you were with her. You left together. I really needed that opportunity to prove myself back then. 
“Maybe I’ve grown up, I no longer have the reckless arrogance of my college days. I realize that if I don’t seize this opportunity, my life might never change from what it once was. So, I pretended not to know. Thank you for that. Please tell her I said thank you, too.” 
“Of course, I’ll let her know. You truly are talented. Your designs have gained significant recognition over the years, and my company’s profits have also increased every year. It’s a win -win situation for
both of us,” Skylar said. 
Muriel nodded in agreement. “Not everyone gets a chance to turn their lives around. I couldn’t have imagined being where I am now just a few years ago. Can you pass a message to Lizzie for me?” 
“Sure, what is it?” 
Muriel’s 
eyes reflected a hint of nostalgia and longing as she said, “I’ve never hated her.” 
An hour later, Skylar was resting in one of the guest rooms of the villa. After changing into her swimsuit, she took her time before heading out. 
As she admired the room’s decor, memories of her precious visit with Joe flooded back. The villas shared a similar design, making it easy to evoke old memories. After a brief moment of reflection, she decided to call Lizzie. 
“Didn’t 
you say your company was having a team–building event today? What made you think to call me?” Lizzie asked with a smile. 
Skylar looked at herself in the mirror, pleased with her swimsuit. Janine’s taste was 
impeccable. The bright pink color made her skin look even fairer. However, she still felt a bit uncomfortable wearing something so revealing. 
Hearing Lizzie’s casual tone, she could tell Lizzie was in a good mood today. “Muriel asked me to pass on a message.” 
Lizzie suddenly fell silent. 
After a few seconds, she asked, “What does she want you to tell me?” 
Over the years, knowing where Muriel was and watching her gradually achieve her initial dreams had eased Lizzie’s feelings of guilt. Yet, she still lacked the courage to face Muriel directly. 
“She said she doesn’t hate you,” Skylar said softly. 
When Muriel shared those words, Skylar could see that there were still feelings for Lizzie in 
her heart. 
Lizzie fell silent again. But she didn’t hang up. 
Skylar imagined she was trying to calm her emotions. 
A few minutes later, Lizzie’s voice trembled as she asked, “Did she really say that?” 
“Yes. In fact, she knew all along that you were the one who recommended me to hire her,” Skylar replied. 
She could feel the connection between them, even after all these years. No matter what had happened, it seemed no one could erase the bond they shared in their hearts. 
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward! 
###chapter1206
Chatper 1213 
But it felt like both Lizzie and Muriel were trapped in their emotional prisons, neither daring to take the next step. 
As Skylar thought of this, she was reminded of her situation. She realized she was no different, having trapped herself in place too. 
Lizzie’s voice broke her thoughts. “I want to see her. I want to, Skylar. I’m going over right 
now.” 
Skylar responded calmly, “Okay.” 
She knew that the conversation Muriel had with her earlier already hinted at her desire to see Lizzie. There were likely many things left unsaid between them, words that had been buried over the years. 
Time flew by, and before they knew it, dusk had fallen. Many people were already soaking in the hot springs, while others were singing or playing instruments like the guitar. 
Both villas echoed with laughter. 
After soaking for about ten minutes, Skylar stepped out and grabbed two glasses of juice. She 
? sat down beside Janine, and they started chatting. 
“Skye, I saw the news this morning. Steven said that the man was Ned, not Joe. They just look exactly alike. But when I saw the news, I couldn’t help but wonder, can there really be such a coincidence in this world? 
“They look way too similar. Could it be like one of those plotlines in TV dramas where Ned is actually Joe, but he has lost his memory for some reason?” 
Janine loved watching TV dramas and could get into all sorts of genres without hesitation. 
Maybe it was because she was getting older, but in recent years, she had developed a taste for melodramatic TV dramas. They were full of bizarre and unbelievable plot twists. 
Hearing Janine’s words, Skylar couldn’t help but laugh. “Mom, there aren’t that many crazy coincidences in real life.” 
Of course, she had entertained the fantasy herself, but the information Aiken had gathered was clear. Ned’s background and life trajectory were well–documented, and there was no intersection with Joe’s. 
They were two different people–just with the same face. 
“You’re right. Over the past two years, I’ve grown older. I’ve been dreaming of a family reunion where everyone achieves their wishes. I hope that in this lifetime, we can have no 
regrets. 
“That’s why I entertain all these fantasies. Steven is getting married soon. Charles is doing well in his career. Harvey is in college, so I don’t have to worry about his studies. 
“But you, Skye, you’re so far away in Murida. I can’t help but worry about you,” Janine said, her eyes filled with concern. 
Her daughter was undoubtedly extraordinary, which made Janine question why fate had put her through so much hardship. 
Janine knew too well the pain of losing a husband when she was young. She didn’t want her daughter to suffer the same hardships she had faced. Yet, Skylar had gone through so much already. 
Over the past three years, she had successfully managed Sullance Group. She hoped to provide a better life for Skylar, one where she wouldn’t have to worry about anything in the future. 
She also held onto the hope that perhaps Joe was still alive and that nothing was truly wrong. 
Thinking about that, Janine let out a sigh. But those were just fantasies. 
She remembered when Finn first went missing after the accident. At that time, she thought he hadn’t died because there was no body. He wouldn’t want his family to suffer and would surely find a way back to them. 
Yet, as time passed–one year, turned into ten, then twenty–she gradually understood that life must go on, even if some dreams had to be relinquished. 
That realization pained her for Skylar. 
“Mom, don’t worry about me. I’ve figured things out. I really should look forward now. Grandma’s health hasn’t been great these past two years. The doctors say she might not have much time left. 
“I’ll stay with Grandma for now. After that, I’ll come back. If new chances for love, come my way, I won’t hesitate to embrace them,” Skylar said gently, offering comfort to Janine. 
###chapter1207
Janine felt relieved after hearing Skylar’s words. Ever since childhood, whenever Skylar made a decision, she followed through. 
Now that Skylar said she wanted to move forward, it seemed that the past could truly be put 
behind her. 
This was a good thing. 
As Janine and Skylar talked, the doorbell suddenly rang. Skylar immediately went to answer 
the door. 
Lizzie stood at the door. She wasn’t wearing a wig and was dressed casually, with sunglasses perched on her face. It was clear that she had rushed over. 
Anyone who had never seen this side of Lizzie would surely not recognize her. After all, in all the performances and interviews, Lizzie always presented a different persona. 
“There was a car accident on the way, and I got stuck in traffic. Can you please call Muriel for me?” Lizzie spoke to Skylar, her tone a bit tense. 
Skylar just nodded. 
Suddenly, there was a loud crash as a cup fell to the ground. Skylar quickly turned to see what had happened. Lizzie also glanced in that direction. 
Muriel was completely unaware of the cup that had fallen. She stared at Lizzie in a daze. Their eyes met, locking in a moment of silence. 
Other people heard the noise and rushed over. “Muriel, are you hurt?” one colleague asked. 
“I’ll grab a broom.” 
“Everyone stay still and don’t move around! The shards from the cup can be dangerous, and those without shoes on could get hurt easily,” someone warned. 
A few colleagues scrambled to clean up the mess. 
Muriel snapped back to reality and looked at the scattered shards. She turned to her colleague. “Sorry, I didn’t hold the cup steady.” 
“It’s fine, as long as you’re okay,” her colleague replied with a reassuring smile. 
Lizzie’s voice was slightly hoarse as she called out, “Muriel.” 
Muriel felt her eyes welling up. “Can we go for a walk?” 
Lizzie gazed intently at Muriel. After years apart, this was the first time they had met face to face and spoken directly to each other. 
It had been so long since they had looked at each other like this and spoken. It felt as if a century had passed. 
Muriel wanted to smile, but she couldn’t manage it, so she simply nodded. 
Skylar, standing nearby, watched the two of them leave with a smile in her eye. When Lizzie glanced back at her, she silently mouthed, “Good luck, Lizzie.” 
Lizzie smiled and nodded in response. 
On a woodland path, the hot spring resort was peaceful under the night sky. Many of the villas were illuminated, showcasing the resort’s vibrant atmosphere. It was clear that the hot spring resort was thriving. 
Not long after Lizzie and Muriel left, Skylar changed her clothes and stepped outside for a walk. She walked along the same path she had once taken with Joe. 
The evening breeze was cool, so she tightened her windbreaker as she settled down to rest at a lakeside gazebo. 
She didn’t need to worry about safety. The resort had security patrolling everywhere, and various high–definition cameras were set up throughout the area. 
People would occasionally walk by.
###chapter1208
 
Occasionally, those passing by would cast curious glances toward Skylar in the gazebo. They probably wondered what she was doing there, resting and enjoying the scenery by herself.
Earlier, Lizzie had sent her a message saying she was heading back to the city with Muriel.
They had so much to talk about, and Lizzie even helped Muriel take a couple of days off. Thinking about Lizzie's words, Skylar couldn't help but smile. "I never expected Lizzie to have this side to her. She's quite assertive."
Just as she was about to stand up and head back, Janine called, "Skye, where are you? It's getting dark, you should come back."
Ever obedient, Skylar replied, "Okay, I'll head back now."
After putting her phone away in her windbreaker pocket, she looked up and saw Ned standing at the gazebo stairs.
Skylar froze. The hot spring resort was large, and she hadn't expected to run into him here. Ned was gazing at her with an unreadable expression. Their eyes met, and it felt as though everything around them had come to a halt.
Her heart raced. For a moment, she couldn't tell if the person in front of her was Joe or Ned. Just then, she heard Rosa's voice behind Ned. "Ned, there's even a gazebo here. Let's sit for a while."
As soon as Rosa spoke, she noticed Skylar standing in the gazebo. The smile on her face instantly vanished. She found herself in disbelief over the coincidence.
It was so coincidental that she began to suspect that Skylar was deliberately following her and Ned.
Having just soaked in the hot springs and taken a shower, Skylar's long hair fell over her shoulders. Even without makeup, she looked stunning. The night seemed to enhance her beauty, making everyone else appear dull in comparison.
Rosa was known for her beauty. But in front of Skylar, she felt overshadowed. It was hard for any man to resist the allure of someone as beautiful as Skylar.
Rosa became even more wary of her presence.
"Such a coincidence, Ms. Sullivan," Rosa said, suppressing her displeasure as she initiated the greeting.
Yeah, it's quite the coincidence. This gazebo has a great view of the scenery below. You two can sit here for a while. I'll take my leave now," Skylar replied, glancing at the two of them in matching gray athletic wear.
In her heart, she felt a flicker of disappointment. The man before her was not Joe.
After Skylar walked away, Rosa pulled her gaze back. Feeling unsettled, she spoke to Ned, Ned, do you think you might like someone like Ms. Sullivan? I can't help but feel. overshadowed by her."
Ned looked at Rosa, who had always been by his side. "You're overthinking it. To me, she's a
stranger.
"If she's just a stranger, then why did you let her into our car? Ned, I've never asked for
you anything before, but this time I want to request something from you. If you care about me, don't say another word to her, okay? I'll feel jealous and hurt."
With tears brimming in her eyes, Rosa looked up at him. She felt vulnerable as she made her
request.
Skylar made her increasingly uneasy, stirring feelings of anxiety within her. Especially with Ned's demeanor, it seemed as if Skylar could take him away at any moment.
As Ned looked at Rosa, who devoted herself entirely to him, he recalled their memories together. His tone grew serious as he said, "Don't think too much about it. We're engaged, and we'll be married in six months. No one can come between us."
These words felt like a promise to Rosa.
If Rosa had heard these assurances before, she would have been deeply moved and would have believed them wholeheartedly. But now, she felt a flicker of doubt and suddenly hugged Ned tightly.
He stiffened in surprise.
Rosa sensed his body tense up but held on even tighter, nearly in tears as she said, "Ned, you know I only have you. You're the most important person in my life. I can't lose you, so I'll remember every promise you made to me. You can't abandon me, and don't look at Skylar again. She's just a passerby on this trip."
She was just a passerby. She couldn't let herself care, nor should she.
Ned felt the fabric of his shirt growing damp with her tears. His gaze darkened as he reassured her. "Don't worry, she's indeed just a passerby to me. You are my one and only."
###chapter1209
 
Feeling reassured by Ned's promise, Rosa's anxiety began to dissipate. The two of them admired the scenery in the gazebo.
But after just a few minutes, Ned seemed a bit tired. He suggested, "Let's head back."
"Oh... Okay." Rosa felt somewhat reluctant to leave.
The hot spring resort was so pleasant. Earlier, she had soaked in the hot springs alone while Ned rested in the room.
Now, she longed to enjoy the serene atmosphere of the evening, but Ned was eager to leave. There always seemed to be an unspoken distance between them.
This distance made her feel anxious. Even after receiving a promise, she still felt uneasy.
The next morning, the employees of the Sullance Group awoke and continued to have fun at the hot spring resort. By noon, they boarded the bus to leave.
Skylar was also on the bus. On the way back, she spotted Ned's car passing by.
The car moved quickly, and she caught a glimpse of Ned in the back seat. He seemed to be resting with his eyes closed, likely still troubled by pain. They shared the same headache...
"What are you thinking about so deeply? Skye, your phone has been ringing." Janine lightly nudged Skylar.
Skylar snapped back to reality and quickly answered the phone. "Hello?"
She answered without noticing who was on the other end.
Noticing Skylar's distracted demeanor, Janine grew concerned. After Skylar returned from her walk the night before, she appeared fine.
However, Janine knew Skylar well and sensed something was off with her emotions.
After Skylar finished speaking, a mechanical voice came through her phone. "Hello, I'm Leo..."
It was yet another telemarketing call.
In this day and age, marketing calls were relentless, with personal information being almost transparent. It felt like every detail of one's contact information was up for sale.
As a result, Skylar had become overwhelmed by the increasing number of harassment calls. With a frown, she ended the call. 14444 32
Still feeling uneasy, she advised Janine, “Mom, there are a lot of scam calls lately. And don't trust any text messages with links.” "Okay. Steven and Charles have warned me about it too, and I've taken note. Was that just now a spam call?" Janine replied with a smile.
Nowadays, society changed so fast that many things were different from before. Scammers had become more cunning. Some of her friends had even fallen victim to scams.
Skylar nodded in agreement.
Janine continued, "Do you remember Mr. Carlson? He was scammed out of over 300 thousand dollars recently. He lost everything and even had to sell his house in Liberty County.
"These scammers have no morals. They steal the hard-earned savings of elderly people without a second thought. Don't they fear retribution?" “How can scammers have morals?" Skylar retorted.
Some people worked their entire lives, but their kindness made them too trusting. As a result, they ended up getting scammed and losing everything. This kind of situation happened everywhere.
###chapter1210
 
Countless people had been deceived in various ways and ultimately left with no way out. The conversation between Skylar and Janine caught the attention of a few employees nearby, who chimed in to share their experiences with annoying spam calls.
Once they returned to the city, Janine gave everyone the rest of the day off and told them to return to work tomorrow.
Skylar and Janine decided to spend some time at the mall. It was rare for the two of them to go shopping together, so they took advantage of the time they had.
The mall was filled with a dazzling array of clothing. Janine picked out several pieces and handed them to Skylar to try on.
She said, "You didn't bring back many clothes when you came home. Now that it's getting colder, it's the perfect time to get a few new outfits. Also, your bag seems outdated. We should pick out some new ones too."
In the past, Janine didn't have the means to buy Skylar a variety of new clothes. But now that she could afford it, she didn't hold back.
Skylar looked at the pile of clothes ?n her arms and couldn't help but chuckle. "Mom, I thought we were here to shop for you? Why is everything for me?"
Janine waved her hand dismissively. "At my age, I don't need many clothes. It's not like I have to wear something different every day like young people do."
In the end, Skylar tried on the clothes under Janine's insistence. Without exception, they bought everything. After all, Janine believed Skylar looked good in anything, and making a decision was too hard-so it was better just to buy them all.
Eventually, Skylar convinced Janine to pick out a few outfits for herself as well.
While they were shopping, Charles called. Upon hearing that they were out shopping, he instantly transferred money for them to each buy two handbags.
Both Janine and Charles made Skylar feel the meaning of being extravagant today. They continued shopping until evening and ended up at a nearby restaurant for dinner.
While they were eating, Skylar noticed someone streaming a live broadcast nearby. Curious, she glanced over and was surprised to see that the person on screen was someone familiar.
It was Annie.
Seeing Annie made Janine furrow her brow slightly. "What a coincidence," Janine remarked.
A few years ago, when they first met, she had been so fond of Annie. However, that sentiment had changed entirely now.
Noticing the look of disdain on Janine's face, Skylar quickly shifted the topic. "1 completely forgot you've been learning the harp these past few years, Mom. I've never heard you play."
"The harp is quite easy to learn. I even joined a band, and we sometimes perform together. I'll let you know when we have a show in a few days," Janine replied.
As Janine mentioned her hobbies, she quickly pushed aside any thoughts of Annie. Skylar smiled and nodded. “That sounds great.”
Over the past few years, Janine had spent her free time either learning the harp or studying Albionian and traditional painting. Charles often remarked that Janine's ability to learn was unmatched. She picked up new skills at an impressive rate.
However, they couldn't help but reflect that if Janine had received the same education they did during her youth and had the opportunity to thrive in such a great era, she might have become a remarkable brilliant individual.
However, as they both finished their meal, Annie had just finished her livestream. Skylar had noticed that Annie was surrounded by a throng of admirers.
In recent years, Annie had garnered tens of millions of followers on her platform, with each livestream drawing in billions of views.
For someone like Annie, who started as a host and managed to carve out a successful path despite being secretly blacklisted by the TV station, her journey had been nothing short of impressive.
Numerous rumors about Annie circulated online.
In recent years, the Silver family had shifted their business focus. They collaborated with Annie to establish various media companies, promoting several streamers under their umbrella. With specialized supply channels, the Silvers had returned to Jipsburg City.
Annie had become a notable figure in the industry.
“Steven says he's already at the underground parking lot. He's coming up to pick us up,” Janine informed Skylar.
Skylar nodded in agreement. "Okay."
At the same time, Steven was waiting for the elevator. Just as the doors opened for him to step in, he unexpectedly spotted Annie inside.
###chapter1211

###chapter1212
 
and make
Annie turned to Emma and said, "You can head back to the office. Make sure the video edits are done. I have something else to take care of." Emma nodded quickly. "Sure, Ms. Silver."
Over an hour later, Steven returned to his apartment. He had recently bought this new place, a spacious unit in a complex where several of his colleagues also lived.
This apartment was going to be his future home with Mona.
As he was about to unlock the door, someone suddenly hugged him from behind. He froze for a moment, then snapped out of it.
Thinking it was Mona, he spoke with a playful tone, "Stupid girl, didn't you say today's update wasn't ready and you'd come back tomorrow? Why are you here now?"
This kind of spontaneous surprise was exactly something Mona would do.
His voice was filled with affection, a tone that clearly showed how much he cared for Mona.
When Annie heard Steven's words, it felt like a knife had been driven straight into her heart. The pain was so intense that it made it difficult for her to breathe. She had to take a few deep breaths just to regain some composure.
Her eyes welled up with tears. There was a deep sense of hurt, mixed with a longing for the
closeness she once had with him.
But when the person hugging him didn't speak, Steven began to sense something off. A strange perfume filled his senses, not the one Mona wore. His face immediately darkened as he pushed the person away.
"Who are you?" he demanded.
The question was sharp and instinctive. Then, in the next moment, he saw her-Annie.
The moment Steven saw Annie, his expression shifted instantly. His brow furrowed, and his face turned cold. "Why is it you? What are you doing at my place? How do you even know where I live?"
His barrage of questions sent a chill through Annie, freezing her in place. Tears streamed down her face. It was the first time in years she had felt this vulnerable, this defeated.
"Steven, do you really have to treat me like this?" Annie shot back, her voice trembling with
emotion.
All the promises they once made to each other flashed through her mind-their vows,
their
shared dreams about the future. It all felt like yesterday, so vivid and sincere.
She wondered if all of that had been wiped from his memory because of Mona.
7/2
If it had been someone truly exceptional like herself, maybe she could accept it. But Mona was just an online writer and not even a well-known one. She was so ordinary, with such a simplistic personality, that it was hard to believe he could genuinely love her.
Steven frowned, his face still expressionless. "We made everything clear years ago, Annie. We shouldn't be crossing paths anymore, and you shouldn't be coming here."
"You're right, that was years ago. I made a mistake back then, but it's been so long. But Steven, are you really going to keep hating me forever? I've explained it before-I was a Silver back then. I had no choice but to follow my parents' wishes.
"They controlled my every move. But since then, every single day, I've regretted it. I never stopped thinking about you. For three years, I've held on to any chance to see you.
"And when I heard you had a girlfriend, and you're planning to marry her, it tore me apart. Seeing you today at the mall, I realized... I can't lose you." Annie's voice softened, her vulnerability laid bare as she stepped forward. She knew if she didn't say something now, there would be no more chances. Steven knew her well enough to
understand her words.
She had finally taken that step, her feelings painfully sincere.
Steven looked momentarily stunned. Seeing his reaction, Annie wiped her tears and forced a
smile.
She continued, "I asked someone today if it's possible to make up for a mistake from the past, and they told me to go after it with everything I've got. I don't want to wait any longer. I know if I do, I'll lose you completely."
Her heartfelt confession was enough to make anyone's heart ache.
Steven's gaze darkened. After a long silence, he finally spoke. “You lost me a long time ago. I'm getting married. Don't come looking for me again. Take care of yourself, Annie."
1/2
###chapter1213
 
Anníe was momentarily stunned at Steven's words. It was as if a bucket of cold water had been dumped over her. The heat in her heart, which had been so passionate, was forced to cool completely.
She stared blankly at Steven.
She reached out, grabbing his hand and holding on tightly. Her eyes shimmered with tears as she looked at him.
Her voice filled with a poignant vulnerability. "Steven, have you decided you don't want me anymore? Have you truly forgotten the beautiful moments we shared?"
She thought about their beautiful past. Memories she had replayed in her mind almost every day. Yet, Steven had been able to forget it all and move on to a new relationship so easily.
And that nickname, "stupid girl", that he had just used so affectionately. When they were together, he had never spoken to her in that tone.
It was the kind of affection that ran deep, the kind that warmed someone to the very core.
She was consumed with jealousy. Mona had stolen everything that should have been hers. Steven yanked his hand away from Annie with force, stepping back to put even more space
? between them.
Annie stood frozen in place. She stared at Steven who no longer had any trace of her in his eyes. It hit her like a wave of cold reality. She blinked, dazed, as she watched him.
"I get it now. You're really heartless, Steven. When you say you've moved on, you mean it. All these years, it's just me who is still stuck in the past." Annie's face turned pale as she recalled the years of hard work she had dedicated to her daily streaming, each step leading her to this point in her life.
She thought she had figured everything out by now. But instead, she had been foolish, refusing to face reality. It was utterly tragic.
And now, coming to Steven had only led to her humiliation. She had placed herself at such a disadvantage.
Taking a deep breath, she looked up at him and forced a smile. “You really love Mona, don't you?"
"Yes, I do. I love her very much." Steven's eyes lit up when he said Mona's name.
Annie felt a pang in her heart as she gazed at Steven, who was more mature and charming
than he had been a few years ago. With a strained smile, she asked, "Do you love her as much as you once loved me?"
She wasn't ready to give up until she got an answer from him.
Perhaps this was a form of self-torture. But until she heard his response, she couldn't let go.
Steven replied in a low voice, "In my heart, Mona is one of a kind. My feelings for her are equally unique. She is my greatest love in this life." Upon hearing this, Annie's face turned even paler. She opened her mouth to say something,
but words failed her.
She understood the meaning behind Steven's words. He was saying he loved Mona more than he ever loved her. Their past was just that-past. Mona was his future, the only one in his life.
“Alright... I understand. Just pretend I was never here today." She clumsily pressed the button
for the elevator.
Until she stepped into the elevator, she didn't look at Steven once. She feared seeing the callousness in his eyes and was terrified of breaking down in tears.
After the elevator doors closed, Steven frowned. He hadn't expected that Annie would still be holding onto the past.
?
The next day, Skylar accompanied Janine to the hospital for her annual check-up. Since Janine hadn't done it this year yet, they decided to go together while fasting.
The hospital wasn't too crowded in the morning, and the check-up was quick. They finished all the necessary tests around 9:00 am.
After eating, they rested in the waiting area for various test results. After chatting for a while, they both turned to their phones.
Janine began handling some work matters. Meanwhile, Skylar was chatting with Gloria.
###chapter1214
 
1/2
At that moment, someone suddenly called Skylar's name.
"Skylar." The deep, maic voice of a man resonated across the room. For a brief moment, Skylar was disoriented. The voice was so familiar that her hand holding the phone trembled slightly. She immediately looked up at the man. When she saw the man in the tailored suit standing before her, she immediately stood up.
Her eyes welled up with tears, and her voice trembled uncontrollably as she softly asked, "Joe... Is that really you?"
The man furrowed his brows slightly, his gaze locked on Skylar. For a moment, he almost nodded in response to her words, as if wanting to acknowledge that he had returned.
Hearing what Skylar said, Janine turned to look at the man.
When she saw him, she was completely stunned. This man...
"Skye..."
Skylar calmed herself, taking a closer look at the man's eyes. The excitement and longing in, her heart began to fade away.
It wasn't Joe. It was Ned.
The way he wore his suit and his commanding presence was nearly identical to Joe's. But upon closer inspection, there were subtle differences. His eyes weren't the same.
"Sorry, Mr. Sowle, I mistook you for someone else." Skylar immediately apologized to Ned.
At the mention of Ned's name, Janine's eyes widened in shock. This man looked exactly like Joe. It was truly uncanny.
When she glanced over at him just now, Janine was completely stunned. Just like the rumors online had said, Ned and Joe looked incredibly alike.
It wasn't just a resemblance-they looked like the same person.
However, if he really was Joe, there was no way he would be standing there watching Skylar's pain with such indifference.
Ned nodded and said, "It's fine. What brings you to the hospital?"
"I came to accompany my mom for a check-up," Skylar replied calmly.
'Ned glanced toward Janine, giving her a slight nod. "Mrs. Sullivan." Chapter 1221
2/2
Janine gave him a polite smile. "Hello."
"Mr. Sowle, are you here to check on your headache?" Skylar asked, noticing that Ned had been frowning since he arrived.
His brows remained furrowed, not relaxing even for a moment. Headaches were as tormenting as toothaches.
She remembered that yesterday when she rode in his car, he had been suffering from headaches too. Rosa had mentioned that this was a long- standing issue for him.
There were just so many similarities between him and Joe.
Ned gave a slight nod. "The acupuncture points you mentioned yesterday, after I pressed them, the pain did ease up. Do you know much about traditional medicine?"
"Not really. I've just read a few books, and I know how to massage certain acupuncture points. I also know a few chamomile tea recipes that could help ease your headache. If you'd like, I could write down a recipe for you."
Perhaps it was because he looked so much like Joe and had similar issues with insomnia and headaches that she subconsciously didn't want to see him suffer. Offering some help felt like the least she could do.
If Joe was still alive, she hoped that whoever he encountered would treat him sincerely, just as she wished to help Ned now.
Ned stared at her for a moment, then said, "Give me your contact information."
Skylar was taken aback but smiled politely. "I don't think we'll have many opportunities to meet again, Mr. Sowle. There's no need for that. I can draw you a diagram of the acupuncture points and massage techniques right now."
She was aware that Rosa didn't like her getting too close to Ned. In order to avoid any misunderstandings, it was best not to exchange contact details.
Ned frowned slightly, glancing down at his watch before he said, "I have something to take care of. Let's exchange contact info on WhatsApp now."
He then pulled out his phone, and his tone left no room for refusal. Skylar looked at the phone already in front of her, where his number was displayed, waiting for her to save it.
With no polite way out, she reluctantly took out her phone, opened WhatsApp, and manually entered his number.
After saving it, she looked up and caught the slight shift in Ned's expression. The cold expression on his face softened slightly.
###chapter1215
 
Ned said, "Thanks."
Then, he put his phone away before walking away.
After he left, Janine glanced at Skylar and said, "No wonder you mistook him. I really thought he was Joe just now."
Skylar had calmed down by then, her eyes lingering on the black profile picture in WhatsApp as she mused, "Yeah, they're almost identical."
But if it had just been one or two similar features, that could have been chalked up to coincidence, maybe fate. However, a nagging instinct she couldn't shake made her feel Ned might actually be Joe, and that Joe could still be alive.
After getting the results from the checkup, it turned out that both Skylar and Janine were perfectly healthy. They only needed their annual checkups going forward.
Janine headed to work while Skylar went to meet Natalie. The film crew had the day off, so Natalie had time. They decided to meet for lunch at a barbecue place.
Unfortunately, when they arrived, the place was packed. Without a reservation, they had to
wait for a table.
While they were waiting for a table, Natalie felt a bit bored. "This is my fault. I knew this place was popular. If you come late, you have to wait unless you reserve in advance."
"It's fine. We're not in a rush. We can wait." Skylar glanced at the time.
It was 12:30 pm. She had breakfast late that morning after her health check-up, so she wasn't
that hungry yet.
Natalie nodded. "Good point. You rarely come back, and you'd regret it if you missed trying their place's barbecue."
Before she could finish her sentence, her phone rang. Natalie glanced at the unfamiliar number and hesitated to pick it up.
After letting it ring out, the caller persistently rang back again. Skylar noticed and asked, " Spam call?"
"Yeah, it seems like a harassment call. This person has been calling me for the past few days, trying to set up a meeting. She claims to be Mr. Powell's fiancée," Natalie said, her voice tinged with frustration.
Skylar was taken aback. “Mr. Powell's fiancée? He's engaged?"
It seemed strange for him to be engaged and still come to Jipsburg, especially if he had taken a role specifically to get close to Natalie. It was a puzzling situation that left her feeling uneasy.
###chapter1216
 
Skylar thought, "One should have no malicious intent toward others, but one must always be on guard."
Natalie widened her eyes as she finally grasped the point. "How did I not realize this? I
genuinely thought she was Mr. Powell's fiancée. Now that you mention it, it makes sense. Mr. Powell just returned to Jipsburg City.
"Even though he left the entertainment industry for three years, he's still a top-tier celebrity. No.one can match his popularity, and there are certainly people who envy him. Those with ulterior motives must be trying to tarnish his reputation."
That was close. Luckily, Skylar had reminded her.
Skylar nodded in agreement. "It's very likely."
"I'm going to block this number right now," Natalie said as she decisively tapped her finger on her phone screen.
Just then, someone called out Skylar's name. "Skylar?"
Skylar looked up at the sound.
"It really is you. A couple of days ago, someone said they saw you at a charity gala. They
? mentioned you mistook Ned for Joe. I thought they were just joking, but I guess it's true."
Claudio stepped closer once he confirmed it was Skylar. His eyes sparkled with surprise.
For the past three years, he had been unable to forget Skylar. He had originally thought that Joe was dead, leaving Skylar without anyone to rely on. He believed that winning her over would be effortless.
a
But unexpectedly, in the blink of an eye, she had gone to Murida with Gloria. And now she was back
When Skylar saw Claudio, her expression turned icy.
Natalie noticed Skylar's change in demeanor and then saw Claudio's Teering gaze scanning Skylar up and down. She realized he was not a good person.
"Aren't you going to say anything to an old friend? Isn't that a bit cold?" Claudio's eyes narrowed with fierce determination; he was set on having Skylar.
Skylar looked even more beautiful than before after three years.
It was impossible not to think about her. Over the years, Claudio had fooled around with more than one woman similar to Skylar, yet he always felt something was missing,
Now that he saw Skylar again, he understood what that missing piece was-her personality-
she was fierce.
Skylar replied coolly, "We're not familiar with each other. There's no need for greetings."
"Not familiar? You will be soon enough. Are you and your friend waiting for a table? This is my friend's restaurant, and you can skip the wait. I can take you to a private room," Claudio
said.
He flashed a confident smile, putting on the charm he used to impress na?ve college girls.
Natalie tugged at the corner of her mouth and said helplessly, "Skye, I suddenly don't want barbecue anymore. Let's go for fondue instead.” "Sure, let's go." Skylar stood up.
As the two tried to leave from the side, Claudio stepped in front of them, blocking their path.
"Why leave so suddenly? Isn't that a bit cold? Skylar, I asked you three years ago if you wanted to be with me. Now I'm giving you another chance, do you want to be with me?"
"Get lost." Skylar had completely lost her patience.
In front of a scumbag like Claudio, even her impeccable manners could dissolve into nothingness.
"Ms. Sullivan, do you need my help?"
Suddenly, a familiar voice rang out in front of them.
Skylar turned to look. It was Ned.
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out!
X
###chapter1217
 
172
Skylar hadn't expected to run into Ned again so soon, especially after their unexpected meeting at the hospital that morning.
"Oh my gosh!" Natalie exclaimed, staring intently at Ned. He looked just like Joe. Anyone who claimed they were different would have to deal with her. She hadn't paid much attention in the café that day, but she had thought he was Joe.
However, Ned wasn't supposed to know Skylar. Still, when he saw Claudio bothering her, he felt a surge of anger. It was clear he was protective of her, as he stepped forward without
hesitation and offered his assistance.
Claudio was taken aback when he spotted Ned, almost blurting out Joe's name. He was aware of how much Ned resembled Joe. It had been all over the news. But he didn't expect him to look this much like Joe. It was a bit unsettling.
However...
"You're not developing a crush on her, are you? Mr. Sowle, she used to be Joe's wife," Claudio quickly pointed out.
"Watch your mouth," Natalie shot back, sarcasm dripping from her words.
Skylar maintained her icy demeanor. She would always be Joe's wife, no matter what. There was no need for Claudio to spread that around. "Claudio, if you harass me again, I'll call the police."
Then she turned to Ned. "Thank you, Mr. Sowle. I know how to handle a scumbag."
"Skylar, don't push your luck!" Claudio was furious. He couldn't believe she actually had the
nerve to call him a scumbag.
Ned narrowed his eyes and strode over to confront Claudio. "You're Claudio Martin, right?" he
asked.
Claudio regarded Ned warily. "Yeah, that's me. What do you want? You're not really thinking of helping Skylar, are you? Don't you worry about your fiancée getting jealous?"
Ned had come with his fiancée, Rosa. In this situation, he still defended Skylar.
This raised some suspicion about his true intentions. Men were rarely immune to attraction, and Skylar had always been the kind of woman who could capture both a man's attention and heart.
Otherwise, Claudio wouldn't still be thinking about her after all this time. However, Claudio was aware of Ned's influence. Many people in Jipsburg had been vying to collaborate with him recently.
Just as Claudio mentioned Ned's fiancée, Rosa appeared. She must have just come out of the restroom, wiping her hands with a napkin as she approached them.
“I heard this barbecue place is pretty popular, but isn't it a bit too crowded?" she asked.
At first, Rosa didn't see Skylar. She only noticed Ned talking to another handsome guy.
Whatever they were discussing seemed casual enough, probably something about the barbecue restaurant.
h
Since arriving in Jipsburg, Rosa had realized that the Floan cuisine here was far superior to what she was used to back in Murida. The flavors in barbecues, stir-fried dishes, and fondues just never seemed quite right back in Murida.
But as she finished her sentence, Rosa sensed something was wrong with the atmosphere. Her gaze shifted, and out of the corner of her eyes, she finally noticed Skylar.
It made sense now why Ned, who rarely liked to engage in conversations, was suddenly chatting with someone. Skylar was the reason. Rosa's expression immediately turned cold.
It seemed like no matter where they went these days, they kept running into Skylar. Rosa began to wonder if Skylar was following them on purpose. "Did something happen, Ned?" she asked him before turning to Skylar. "Ms. Sullivan, what a coincidence. We meet again."
Skylar simply nodded. "Yes, quite the coincidence."
Natalie, who had been observing, suddenly recalled who Rosa was. She had seen her the other day when she came into the café with Ned. The two had been quite close.
However, Natalie's instincts told her something else. Rosa clearly didn't like Skylar. There was a wary, almost defensive edge in the way Rosa regarded her.
###chapter1218
 
It wasn't that Natalie had a skewed perspective, but in her opinion, there was no need to be overly cautious of Skylar. With her stunning looks and figure, Skylar was the kind of woman men found impossible to resist.
If Skylar had fewer moral boundaries, Ned might already be in her bed by now.
"Well, it seems like you all know each other. Alright, I guess I said too much," Claudio muttered, realizing the situation was becoming tense and not wanting to stir up any trouble.
Besides, now that Skylar was back, she wasn't going anywhere. He would have plenty of chances to get her.
Skylar had embarrassed him in front of Ned today. But soon enough, he would teach her a lesson. Sooner or later, she would be begging him in bed. He had promised himself he would get Joe's woman no matter what.
As Claudio slunk away, Skylar had no intention of sticking around either. The restaurant was undeniably popular, and if they continued to wait in line, it would likely be another hour before they got a table.
"I've got something to do with my friend, so we'll head out first," Skylar said to Ned and Rosa,
Natalie sensed her cue and added, "I checked the time. If we leave now, we'll make it just in
time."
With that, the two of them left the bustling barbecue restaurant.
It was dinnertime, and the mall was filled with people coming and going. In no time, Skylar and Natalie had disappeared into the crowd.
Rosa frowned as she watched them leave. "Ned, don't you think it's strange how we keep running into Ms. Sullivan these past few days? It seems a bit too coincidental. Should we have someone look into her? See what her situation really is.
Rosa felt the need to learn more about Skylar. Otherwise, her mind would remain restless.
Ned was clearly distracted, so he simply responded with a noncommittal grunt.
Rosa pursed her lips, wanting to say more. However, seeing that Ned wasn't in the mood for a conversation, she held back.
Glancing at the long line outside the barbecue restaurant, she frowned again. "It's way too crowded here. How about we just go for Wiscadian cuisine instead?"
Even though the busy restaurant likely meant the food was delicious, she didn't have the patience to wait for a table. Moreover, her mood was already sour. Seeing Skylar always seemed to put her in a bad mood.
Ned never really cared much about what they ate. Even when they were back in Merida, if the wanted barbecue, he would still take her. However, he would only eat a few bites, his self-discipline always at its peak.
"Let's go," Ned said simply.
Rosa bit her lip. After just a few steps, she asked, "Do you like women like Ms. Sullivan? That guy earlier seemed really into her. If I were a man, I'd probably have a hard time not glancing at her myself."
It seemed like fate had treated Skylar far too kindly, giving her such an alluring face. Rosa couldn't shake the feeling that Skylar was trying to seduce Ned, to steal him from her.
Not knowing what Ned was thinking only added to her insecurity, making her want to confirm that Skylar hadn't succeeded in bewitching him. Ned's expression darkened suddenly.
Seeing his lack of response, Rosa pressed on, refusing to give up. "Just tell me if she tries to seduce you, would you sleep with her?"
She rarely lost her composure like this in front of Ned, but today she couldn't help it.
Skylar was just someone who had crossed paths with them a few times since arriving in Jipsburg. Their encounters had been nothing more than coincidences. But for some reason, Rosa couldn't shake the feeling that Skylar might take Ned from her.
Ned finally gave his answer. "Yes."
Rosa's face turned pale, and she looked at Ned with a mix of hurt and disbelief. "Ned..."
"You're overthinking it. She won't try to get into my bed," Ned said in a low, firm voice. Even though he had only met Skylar a few times, his instincts told him that wouldn't happen.
1/2
###chapter1219
 
1/2
Skylar and Natalie quickly left the mall and found a nearby restaurant for a quick meal. Before they could finish eating, Skylar received a phone call from Jeremy, urging her to come to the Hughes Group.
He mentioned that he couldn't explain everything over the phone and that they would need to meet in person to discuss the details.
After finishing their meal, Natalie accompanied her to the Hughes Group.
Natalie had visited the Hughes Group before to see Jeremy, but much had changed since then. The receptionist at the front desk was now someone
new.
Skylar introduced herself, and the receptionist promptly led them to the elevator, taking them directly to Jeremy's office.
When they entered, Jeremy looked surprised to see Natalie. It had been half a year since they last saw each other, their last encounter being a chance meeting at a restaurant.
"When you called Skylar, we were having dinner, so we decided to come together. If it's inconvenient for me to be here, I can wait in the lounge."
Seeing Jeremy glance her way, Natalie assumed he had something he didn't want to discuss in front of her. As she spoke, she turned and walked toward the office door to give them some
privacy.
Jeremy averted his gaze and said calmly, "No need to go to the lounge. There's nothing you shouldn't know."
Although the conversation ahead was important, he believed Natalie would keep it
confidential.
Natalie hesitated for a moment before replying, "I think I'll wait in the lounge anyway. It gives me a chance to play on my phone."
After Natalie left the room, Jeremy frowned and turned his attention to Skylar. "I called you
here to show you this."
Skylar stepped closer to Jeremy's desk.
Skylar watched as Jeremy operated his computer and opened his email. There it was, a message from an unknown sender. Attached was a photo-a single, haunting image.
The photo clearly showed a person whose hands were cuffed, restricting his movement.
At first glance, it was impossible to recognize him. His face bore several deep scars that were shocking to behold. But upon closer inspection, Skylar realized they knew this person. Her eyes widened in disbelief as she stared at the image.
"This...", she stammered.
Jeremy wasn't surprised by her shock. He replied in a low voice, "I was taken aback when I first saw this photo as well. This is my personal email, which I check occasionally. I don't usually open emails from unknown senders, but today I happened to open it.
"At first, I thought it was a prank, but I quickly realized that the person in the photo was Paul!
"Can we trace the sender's location? Also, has Paul ever taken similar photos before?" Skylar asked, her voice trembling with urgency.
If this photo was taken recently, then Paul was still alive. If Paul was still alive, it meant that Joe was alive too. The timing and location of the photo were crucial.
Jeremy shook his head. "We'll need to bring in a tech expert to track the location. The scars on Paul's face don't look like special effects makeup. His overall state also doesn't suggest it's a
fake."
Tears glimmered in Skylar's eyes as her heart raced uncontrollably. "So, Joe is alive. My determination over the past few years has been justified, right?"
Jeremy felt a twinge of emotion. "Before you arrived, I had already contacted specialists. They will investigate the source of the photo as quickly as possible. Skylar, I have a feeling you might be right. Perhaps Joe and Paul are both still alive."
However, there was one thing he couldn't bring himself to say. Given the circumstances of the photo, Paul's situation didn't seem optimistic.
If Joe and Paul were together and somehow managed to send this photo, it meant they had been living in dire circumstances for the past few years. They must have had little to no opportunity to connect with the outside world.
This was likely their first chance to reach out, but they could only send one photo.
###chapter1220
 
In this situation, it was hard to imagine the conditions they were facing now. Both Jeremy and Skylar were acutely aware of the gravity of the situation.
After a brief moment of hope, Skylar's anxiety returned. “Their situation must be dire. We need to find them as quickly as possible."
Jeremy nodded. "I will ensure that happens. You can trust me."
"Could they still be in Murida? I have two trusted friends there who could help find them. If there's any information on their whereabouts, please let me know immediately," Skylar said, her tone firm.
"Understood."
Skylar glanced back at the photo. There wasn't much information to gather from it. The surroundings had few recognizable landmarks.
"Joe, I know you're alive. You have to be!" she thought, her heart pounding with determination.
A few minutes later, just as Skylar was about to leave, Jeremy called out to her. "Wait." Skylar stopped at the door and turned back to Jeremy. "Is there anything else?"
"Does Nath... like Austin?" Jeremy asked.
Over the past three years, he had hardly bothered Natalie. However, he was well aware of her endeavors. She had opened a café she loved and had expanded into several franchises.
Meanwhile, Austin had left the entertainment industry and moved away from Jipsburg years
ago.
He had hoped that time would heal everything, allowing Natalie to find peace so they could plan their future together. But now, Austin was back, and he was filming at Natalie's café.
Skylar looked at Jeremy in disbelief. "Haven't you moved on from Nath yet?"
Some things, once they happened, were impossible to forget. Natalie had a strong sense of emotional integrity and couldn't accept infidelity in a relationship.
Even though Jeremy felt wronged, Skylar believed that when he faced the temptations from Annabelle, he had moments where he could have calmed down and corrected his mistakes, but he failed to do so in time.
If he hadn't wavered at the beginning, he wouldn't have been easily swayed by Annabelle's negative items.
Jeremy's face grew pale at the thought.
2/2
"It's hard to let go," Jeremy said with a mix of amusement and exasperation.
"Mr. Hughes, you should look forward. You know Natalie better than I do," Skylar advised kindly.
Jeremy paused, momentarily taken aback. Then, after a moment of contemplation, he replied, "You're right. I do know her better."
That understanding was precisely why he was in so much pain and unable to move on. As for whether Natalie had feelings for Austin, that seemed less important now.
Skylar noticed Jeremy's torment and felt at a loss for how to comfort him. She knew he had heard all the advice before, and nothing she could say would change his mind.
"I should take a step forward too," Jeremy stated
It was time for him to consider marriage and starting a family to bring stability to the Hughes family.
After leaving Hughes Group, Skylar remained silent as they headed to the car. She appeared deep in thought, carrying a heavy heart.
Natalie didn't dare interrupt her. Earlier, Jeremy must have said something to Skylar. Otherwise, she wouldn't be looking so lost and troubled right
now.
Natalie couldn't shake off her concern. After thinking it over, she couldn't help but pull out her phone to send Jeremy a WhatsApp message, demanding an explanation.
LENDE
###chapter1221
 
Just as she was about to send a message, Skylar suddenly spoke up. "Let's go. Take me home
first."
Natalie looked at her with concern. "Are you okay? Is Jeremy asking you to do something
difficult?"
Skylar's current dazed expression suggested that it must be something serious for her to look like that. "If it's too much for you, just say no," Natalie continued.
Hearing her words, Skylar looked at the concerned Natalie, her eyes glistening with tears as she said, "Jeremy didn't ask me to do anything difficult. He found some information about Joe, and it's possible that he's still alive."
Natalie's eyes widened in disbelief. "What?"
Skylar nodded.
"Oh my gosh! That's amazing!" Natalie exclaimed, slapping her thigh in excitement. She never expected that Jeremy would quietly work behind the scenes to help Skylar find Joe.
Tears shimmered in Skylar's eyes as she replied, "It's good news."
She could only hope it wasn't all just an illusion. No matter how the photos surfaced, she wished for their safety and well-being.
After dropping Skylar off at Galaxy Villa, Natalie drove back to her own place. She still lived in her apartment and hadn't moved out. She had grown accustomed to it.
Over the past three years, ever since she opened her café, she had made a decent amount of money. She bought a big house for her parents to move into, but she preferred the apartment.
for herself.
A larger house would be difficult for her to manage alone.
Just as the elevator reached her floor, she stepped out and noticed a woman standing in front
of her door.
The woman had long, curly hair and was wearing heels that were about two to three inches high. From her silhouette, she exuded a striking presence.
Aside from a few friends and family members, no one else knew she lived here.
Natalie quickly took out her phone and sent a message to the building manager on WhatsApp." Please send a security guard to my apartment immediately."
After sending the message, Natalie quickly made her way to her apartment. She was also
wearing high heels today, which made a noticeable sound as she walked on the marble floor.
When the woman heard the noise, she immediately turned around. She paused for a moment upon seeing Natalie, but quickly regained her composure. “You must be Natalie Jakeman, right?"
Natalie's eyebrows raised at the familiar tone of the woman's voice. Suddenly, she remembered the call she had blocked earlier today in front of the barbecue restaurant.
It was from the woman who had called her several times over the past few days. Her expression darkened immediately. Just after she had blocked the woman's number, this person showed up at her doorstep.
"Yes, that's me," she replied coldly, nodding.
Seeing Natalie's frosty demeanor, the woman didn't seem surprised. "You blocked me, didn't you?”
###chapter1222
 
Natalie smiled. "Yes, I did block you."
It was her phone, and she could block whoever she wanted. She didn't have to care about what others thought.
The woman furrowed her brows and scanned Natalie from head to toe.
Finally, a hint of disdain flickered in her eyes as she said, "I've tried to meet you several times, but you kept rejecting my requests. So, here I am. Hello, I'm Fiona Ortega."
She had previously hired someone to investigate Natalie, so she had her photos.
Fiona also knew that Natalie had once been Jeremy's wife. A married woman who could make Austin give up everything to return to Jipsburg sparked her curiosity. Being someone who usually held her pride high, she wondered what kind of person Natalie truly was.
Now that she had met Natalie, Fiona was even more perplexed.
"I don't know if you're hard of hearing, but I've said multiple times on the phone that there's no need for us to meet. I have no relationship with Mr. Powell. You don't seem like someone who would have trouble hearing me. Could it be that you just chose not to listen?" Natalie rolled her eyes in disbelief.
She wondered who Fiona thought she was, acting so high-and-mighty, convinced that Natalie was just some kind of pushover.
Fiona didn't expect Natalie to be so sharp-tongued. Most people were careful with their words around her, but it was clear that Natalie didn't regard her highly.
After taking a deep breath to calm herself, Fiona shot back, "Do you think saying there's no relationship makes it true?"
"I don't care whether you believe it or not," Natalie replied irritably. She couldn't understand how there could be so many shameless people who refused to listen to others. It was hard to believe. Those kinds of people really had some serious issues.
"You! If you didn't have feelings for Austin, why would you work as his assistant? You clearly had high hopes when you took that position. I know you've been a fan of Austin for a long
time.
"Fans will do anything for their idols. You even got divorced for him, and now act like you're innocent. Do you think I'll believe you?"
As Fiona spoke, she wore an air of superiority, as if she could see right through Natalie's thoughts. In her eyes, Natalie was just another woman trying to seduce Austin.
All these women aspired to marry into the Powell family and become Austin's wife, but none
could hold a candle to her.
2/2
"What's
Looking at Fiona's haughty demeanor, Natalie couldn't help but smirk and coldly say, wrong with you? Don't come to my house and act crazy. You should probably get that checked Out."
There was no point in wasting breath on someone like her. Fiona had expected Natalie to be unreasonable, but she never imagined it would be to this extent.
"Do you even have any manners?" Fiona shot back.
She couldn't believe that Austin would call off his engagement to be with a woman as rude as
Natalie.
"You may be older than me, but that doesn't give you the right to lecture me. Mind your own business and stay out of my life. You act as if you're so refined, yet you keep calling me and even showing up at my house. If you're suffering from some kind of paranoia, go see a doctor.
"What are you doing losing your mind in my home? If you're Mr. Powell's fiancée, go find him instead of bothering me," Natalie said with a cold laugh. Fiona was so furious her face turned red and then pale. "You!"
"If
you were just calling me to annoy me, I could brush it off, but you showed up at my house! I can't tolerate that. I don't care who you are, get out right now! Stop harassing me in my home," Natalie shot back mercilessly.
Her patience had been worn thin by Fiona. "If you weren't the third party trying to seduce my fiancé, do you think I would be here looking for you?" Fiona yelled directly at Natalie, disregarding her image.
Natalie smirked. "If you can't speak properly, just shut up! Which of your eyes saw me as his mistress?
"What does your fiancé being with me have to do with me? If you're that worried, why don't stick to Mr. Powell and stop seeing everyone as a mistress?"
"You! Do you dare to swear on your life? If you've ever seduced Austin, then you'll never find someone you love for the rest of your life."
Fiona couldn't believe Natalie was so stubborn. Austin had already returned to Jipsburg, and yet Natalie still dared to lie and say she hadn't tried to seduce him.
Such words could fool others. But to her, it was utterly ridiculous.
Looking at Fiona, Natalie felt as if she were staring at an idiot. "Who do you think you are to demand that I swear?"
###chapter1223
 
Fiona smirked as if she had caught Natalie in a lie "You're too scared to swear an oath, yet you dare claim you've never tried to seduce Austin?"
"You're just another woman I've seen plenty of before, always trying to use underhanded tactics to get what you want. The way you married Jeremy back then must have been no different, right?
"You ended up divorced not just because of Austin, but because Jeremy discovered your greedy nature," Fiona said with a smug smile, convinced she had unraveled Natalie's secrets.
Natalie glanced at her phone. The building manager had just confirmed a few minutes ago, so they should be arriving with security soon. There was no point in continuing this conversation with someone like Fiona.
Instead, she decided to call Austin. With his busy filming schedule lately, she wasn't sure if he was resting or if his phone was on silent. He had been working around the clock, with little sleep to spare.
Seeing Natalie ignore her while making a call made Fiona frown. "Who are you calling? The police? Go ahead, you'll just embarrass yourself, not me. After all, you're the mistress who's trying to steal someone else's fiancé."
Natalie looked at Fiona as if she were an idiot. "There's no need to involve the police over something so trivial."
It was best to resolve this situation simply and without drama.
Fiona raised an eyebrow. "Calling your friends over? Since I came here, I obviously didn't come alone. I always have bodyguards with me, ready to protect me at all times."
Fiona scoffed at the idea that a woman like Natalie thought a few friends could intimidate her. She had grown up surrounded by bodyguards, and ordinary people like that didn't scare her at
all.
Natalie was ready to end the call after waiting for a while when the call was suddenly answered.
"Natalie?" Austin's voice came through, sounding a bit groggy as if he had just woken up.
Natalie was momentarily taken aback. There was something undeniably charming about him. No wonder Fiona felt insecure. She glanced at Fiona and said, "Mr. Powell, I'm sorry to bother you. I didn't intend to interrupt your day, but I think it's important to discuss what happened today."
"What's going on?" Austin asked, pausing for a moment.
Fiona froze the moment she heard "Mr. Powell" and immediately asked, "Who are you calling?
Natalie looked directly at Fiona and said, “Mr. Powell, your fiancée has been calling me since yesterday, accusing me of being a mistress. After I explained myself, she refused to believe me.
"Today, she even came to my house. I think this is something you and your fiancée need to sort out between yourselves. I'd appreciate it if you didn't disturb my life anymore."
Fiona's expression darkened as she stared at Natalie with a twisted look. "You actually called Austin."
There was a brief pause before Austin's calm voice broke the silence. "Wait for me. I'll be there," he said before hanging up.
Almost immediately, Fiona's phone rang. Her body stiffened, and her face turned pale as she bit down hard on her red lips, glaring at Natalie.
Natalie was speechless under Fiona's intense glare. "Since you don't believe me, it's good that Mr. Powell can explain it to you himself. You've been disturbing me for no reason, and you both owe me an apology.
"But don't worry, I'm not one to hold grudges. You don't even need to say sorry. Mr. Powell said he'd be here soon. You can wait for him downstairs." "You-" Fiona stammered. She had never encountered someone who handled things quite like Natalie.
The thought that Austin now knew about the situation left her uneasy, and hearing Natalie's words only added to the sting of humiliation she was feeling.
Natalie smirked and added, "Ms. Ortega, whenever you remember what the word 'manners' means, feel free to tell me you're sorry. I'm quite generous, so I'll probably forgive you. Now, please step aside, I'd like to go home."
"Natalie," Fiona shouted, her frustration evident.
"I have excellent hearings. There's no need to shout," Natalie said. She wasn't trying to provoke anyone. It was just Fiona's attitude that was hard to tolerate. Who was she trying to impress with her superiority?
Natalie didn't depend on her for anything, so there was no need to care about her attitude.
###chapter1224
 
Natalie mused that if Fiona believed she was superior, perhaps she could transform into a national treasure like a bald eagle. Only then might Natalie hold a bit more respect for her.
Just as she opened the door to enter her apartment, the building manager arrived with a couple of security guards.
"Ms. Jakeman."
Natalie turned to the building manager and the security guards. "I don't know this lady. Please escort her out."
"Natalie," Fiola exclaimed, staring at Natalie in disbelief. Today, she was genuinely shocked by Natalie's boldness. It was as if Natalie didn't even consider Fiona worth her attention.
These ordinary women really didn't know how to handle situations properly.
"I don't know how she found my personal information and came here, but your building's security is questionable. How can you just let anyone in? I don't want to see her here again."
With that, Natalie opened the door and stepped inside her apartment, firmly shutting it behind her and leaving Fiona outside.
Once inside, Natalie poured herself a glass of water and settled onto the couch. Just as she took a ?ip, Austin called her. “Fiona was indeed once my fiancée. Our families arranged the engagement, but we broke it off five years ago," Austin explained. Natalie was taken aback when she heard that their engagement had been called off a long time ago. But that didn't really concern her.
"Mr. Powell, you don't need to explain anything to me. You should talk to Ms. Ortega about this. I only called you to prevent her from bothering me in the future," Natalie said.
There was no chance for her and Austin to develop anything further, and it was best to end any romantic feelings those younger women might have right away.
Austin fell silent. After a couple of minutes, he finally said, "Natalie, you sound nervous."
"Nervous? What do I have to be nervous about?" Natalie bit her lip and retorted.
"You like me," Austin said before ending the call, leaving Natalie no chance to refute his claim.
Natalie couldn't shake his voice that kept echoing in her mind. "You like me," Austin had said. Those three words were coupled with the memory of his passionate kiss at the café that day.
Suddenly, feelings she had buried deep inside began to resurface.
After returning to Galaxy
Skylar sent the photos to Steven. Upon seeing them, he replied
that he would come over after work.
She then got to work in the kitchen, preparing a few dishes.
Once the food was ready, Steven arrived with his laptop.
As they sat down together, he said, "I looked over the photos, and they were definitely taken recently. The person in them is Paul. The injuries and his shaved head aren't makeup or edited images. Skye, it seems like both Paul and Joe have been in serious trouble for the past three years."
Then, he opened his laptop and enlarged the photo on the screen.
"You can see some clues about where Paul is. From my analysis, it looks like he's in some kind of cellar or basement. The light there isn't sunlight, it's artificial lightning," Steven explained, pointing to the screen.
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out!
Claim
###chapter1225
 
After Steven's explanation, Skylar suddenly understood. Neither she nor Jeremy had noticed the issue with the lighting.
All their attention had been drawn to Paul's injured face.
“So, it seems like someone has indeed kidnapped them and kept them under control all these years. But what is their motive behind all this? How on earth did they manage to send out this photo?" Skylar was filled with questions.
What truly weighed on Skylar's mind was why, if they had a chance to reach out, they hadn't contacted her. Instead, they had chosen to send the email to Jeremy.
Steven seemed to read her thoughts and explained, "They might not have been in a position to contact you directly, or perhaps they were worried it would put you in danger. It's also possible that they only had enough time to send a single email, which wouldn't raise any suspicions."
Skylar nodded thoughtfully. "You're right, Steven."
"Skye, this situation is complex. But now that we know they're alive, there are clues we can trace. We'll take it step by step. Don't worry, we'll find them," Steven added in a reassuring
tone.
Knowing that Joe and Paul were still alive was both a relief and a daunting challenge for Skylar. Finding them wouldn't be easy.
After more than three years, this was the first news they had received that they were still alive.
It was also the only information they had shared with the outside world.
Their current situation remained uncertain, and there were also some lingering doubts.
Still, those doubts didn't matter right now. What mattered was finding them-doing whatever it took to track them down as quickly as possible. Skylar nodded with determination. "Don't worry, Steven. Three years ago, I might have been desperate, but now I won't rush things."
As they continued to have dinner, Skylar and Steven analyzed the photo frame by frame, enlarging it and inspecting every detail. They lost track of time, working well past midnight without even realizing it.
Glancing at the time, Steven rubbed his temples. "It's getting late. You should get some rest. Mr. Hughes will likely have updates soon, so I'll head home for now."
"Alright. If there's anything you need help with for your wedding with Mona, just give me a call. I have plenty of free time in the coming weeks," Skylar said cheerfully.
Steven's eyes lit up with a smile at the mention of Mona. "She's been busy choosing her wedding dress lately. You have a great sense of style, so it would be wonderful if you could with her to help pick it out."
“Sure, I'll ask her when she plans to go wedding dress shopping next," Skylar replied enthusiastically.
go
After seeing Steven off, Skylar didn't go to bed right away. Instead, she found herself lost in thought while staring at the photo.
Skylar lost track of time as she rested her head on the table and fell asleep.
In her hazy state, she thought she heard a notification sound from WhatsApp, and she immediately snapped awake.
Checking her phone, she noticed a WhatsApp notification. To her surprise, the message was from Ned.
It suddenly dawned on her that they had exchanged contacts when they ran into each other at the hospital.
She also remembered that she had promised Ned to send him the methods for massaging acupuncture points to help relieve headaches. However, with everything that had happened that day, she completely forgot about it.
Opening the chat, she saw Ned's message asking, "Are you asleep?"
At this hour, she definitely should be. She had even set her phone to silent mode. Yet, Ned was still awake at that hour. It seemed that he was struggling with insomnia.
Skylar quickly grabbed a pen and began sketching some acupuncture points diagrams, carefully noting the massage sequence, duration of pressure to apply, and other important details.
After spending over 20 minutes finishing the diagrams, she took a photo under the light and sent it to Ned. Once she wrapped up everything, she felt so tired that she could barely keep her eyes open, and she fell asleep right away.
On the other end, Ned stared at the photo Skylar sent him, feeling somewhat lost in thought. His gaze lingered on the simple words "Good night" that followed the images.
Aside from those two words and the photo, Skylar's demeanor had been cool and distant, which made him frown in confusion.
###chapter1226
 
A vague thought flickered in Ned's mind. Skylar shouldn't be so cold toward him.
He furrowed his brow in frustration. Ever since he met Skylar, he found himself plagued by confusing thoughts. This woman seemed to align perfectly with his aesthetic. After just one encounter, he couldn't shake her from his mind.
His rationality warned him that this was definitely not a good thing.
In the deep of the night, Rosa was also unable to sleep. After coming back from the mall earlier that day, Ned had gone straight to work while she returned to her hotel room.
She had someone look into Skylar.
Just then, she received a response. Skylar was a restorer who had previously worked on Alexander's team. It was clear she was capable.
Generally, only the most competent individuals made it onto his team.
For reasons unknown, Skylar had left her job three years ago to go to Murida, where she continued to work in the same field.
She had just returned from Murida a few days ago.
Everything was just too coincidental. Rosa felt uneasy about this series of coincidences.
With several encounters between her and Skylar and the fact that they had both recently arrived in Jipsburg from Murida, Rosa felt as though she was being targeted by Skylar.
Thinking about Ned's unusual attitude toward Skylar magnified her anxiety. Moreover, Ned bore a striking resemblance to Joe, which only deepened her conviction that there were no such things as coincidences in life.
But still she bit her lip. No matter who Ned resembled, to her, he was just Ned. He was hers.
After three long years, they had finally reached this point together. She couldn't let anyone take him away from her.
If Skylar really had that intention, Rosa would ensure she backed off.
The next day, Skylar accompanied Mona to a bridal shop. They spent the day selecting wedding dresses together.
Mona's face radiated happiness as she tried on wedding dress after wedding dress, overwhelmed with excitement. Chapter 1233
"Steven said if I'm not satisfied, I can just have a designer create one for me, but I don't think it's necessary. I really enjoy trying on each one." Mona gazed at her reflection in the mirror, her face glowing with happiness as she spoke, unable to suppress the smile that crept onto her lips. She must have done a lot of good deeds in her past life to have met Steven and to have earned his affection. Moreover, she genuinely liked Steven's family. Everyone treated her with sincerity and warmth.
Skylar smiled and said, "No matter what kind of wedding dress you choose, whether it's designer or not, what truly matters is whether you love it. And let's be honest, you're beautiful and have a great figure. You'd look good in anything."
Mona felt her cheeks flush at the compliment. "Your whole family is good-looking," she replied. She was certain that any children she and Steven had would be just as stunning. After all, the genes in the Sullivan family were exceptional.
Skylar replied, "But none of us are as handsome as Steven."
Mona's eyes sparkled. "Steven is indeed good-looking, even more so than the celebrities I've pursued."
She couldn't help but be captivated by Steven. She probably wouldn't be able to live without him for the rest of her life.
Steven was not only more impressive than any male lead in her novels but also had a perfect physique, complete with an impressive eight-pack. He was quite passionate in bed too.
. In every aspect, she was satisfied.
Seeing the way Mona was completely enamored with Steven, Skylar truly felt happy for
Steven. Just as she was thinking this, she suddenly noticed Ned standing outside the floor-to-ceiling windows.
###chapter1227
 
Ned glanced in Skylar's direction, surrounded by several men dressed sharply in suits. They seemed to be discussing something, but she couldn't quite make out what it was.
After that single glance, Ned shifted his gaze back, continuing to walk past the bridal shop with his entourage.
Skylar felt momentarily dazed. That fleeting glance reminded her so much of how Joe used to
look at her.
"Skye? Skye? What are you looking at?" Mona called her name several times, but Skylar didn't hear her. She was staring out the window, completely lost in thought.
Mona immediately lifted her wedding dress and walked over. Following Skylar's gaze outside, she found nothing unusual. There were only passersby on the busy street.
Skylar snapped out of her daze, slightly apologetic. "Sorry, I got a bit distracted. The wedding dress you're wearing now looks great on you. Maybe you can compare it with the others you've tried."
Mona was a simple-hearted person who didn't dwell on things too deeply. Hearing Skylar's suggestion, her eyes brightened.
"I think this is the best one I've tried on so far. It makes my back look so delicate, and I love
that."
Mona gazed at her reflection in the mirror, growing more satisfied with every glance. She wanted to show Steven the best version of herself on their wedding day.
She also wanted all their friends and family to witness that she had found the man she could trust with her life. She believed wholeheartedly that Steven would love her forever, and her happiness would last a lifetime.
Around noon, Steven called Mona. Her face lit up with joy as she ended the call and turned to Skylar. "Steven said he'll join us for lunch."
"I won't intrude on your romantic lunch date. I already have plans with a friend," Skylar teased.
Steven was always busy, so Skylar didn't want to be the third wheel during the rare moments he and Mona could spend together.
Mona looked a bit disappointed. "Are you sure you can't join us for lunch?"
"Next time. Once you're married to Steven, we'll have plenty of chances for family lunches. You and Steven should enjoy these moments before the wedding. They're precious," Skylar said with a smile.
Chapter1234
Hearing that, Mona no longer insisted. She truly cherished the time spent with Steven. There were many details and arrangements for the wedding that needed to be discussed with him.
Skylar had lunch plans with Minerva.
Minerva had just gotten engaged and returned to work at her family's company, where she was swamped with tasks. It was rare for her to find time to meet up.
The two of them agreed to meet at a Wiscadian restaurant. The restaurant was quiet during lunchtime, with only a few patrons inside. They arrived almost simultaneously.
As soon as Minerva sat down, she began to vent to Skylar. "I've been so busy these past couple of days! I suddenly miss my days abroad, where I only had to focus on studying without worrying about work and all this chaos at work."
"I brought you some collagen protein powder. It's instant, so you just need to add water. It's perfect for your busy schedule right now," Skylar said, handing over the collagen protein powder she had just bought from the mall.
Having seen Minerva's Instagram posts earlier, Skylar knew she was swamped. It wasn't easy to adapt after being away from work for a few years. However, with Minerva's capabilities, handling these challenges would be a breeze. It was just a matter of whether she wanted to.
Minerva accepted the powder with a touched expression. "You really are the best to me."
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>>
X
###chapter1228
 
Skylar teased, "Do you think your fiancé would be hurt to hear that?"
Minerva chuckled. "He probably would. By the way, I have a gift for you."
"A gift?" Skylar was intrigued that Minerva had found time to get her something amidst her busy schedule.
Minerva pulled a book out of her bag. It was clear the book had some age to it, wrapped in a protective cover.
"A book?" Skylar was surprised.
"This is something I brought back from abroad. It got shipped with my other suitcases, and I completely forgot about it until I was unpacking yesterday. I found it in a bookstore while I was overseas. This book contains descriptions and records about some negative items.
"I asked the shopkeeper about it, and she said some of the books were sold to her in bulk. They were all second-hand books. Since they were written
in Clusianese and focused on antiques, many people lost interest. That's how I ended up finding it."
As Minerva explained the book's origins, Skylar began flipping through its pages. The detailed accounts of some negative items inside left her astonished.
Over the years, she had searched various libraries and second-hand bookstores but had never come across anything related to negative items. She couldn't believe Minerva had found such a rare book.
"This is fantastic! Minerva, you're amazing!" The book contained methods for creating negative items and identifying them.
While the identification methods were thorough, they only applied after something had gone
wrong.
Overall, the book emphasized one key point, which was willpower.
Those with weak willpower were the most susceptible to being influenced by negative items. No one was perfect. Those who were driven by greed and desire were the ones most easily lost. Seeing how absorbed Skylar was in the book, Minerva decided not to interrupt her. Remembering Skylar's favorite foods, she went ahead and placed their lunch order quickly.
She quietly enjoyed the moment as Skylar focused intently on the book. She initially tri read the book when she first saw it.
to
However, for some reason, after just two pages, she felt drowsy and couldn't focus no matter how hard she tried. Chapter 1235
The next day, she had completely forgotten what she had read. Throughout her life, she had always been a top student, rarely encountering books she couldn't get into. This was a first for her, and it felt quite strange.
However, since Skylar could handle negative items, this book was only something she could read without feeling drowsy. Instead, she became increasingly engrossed in it, to the point where she forgot she was on a date.
Minerva couldn't help but chuckle to herself. As she idly gazed out the window, she heard a familiar voice.
A man and a woman were talking.
"Mr. Jakeman, this Wiscadian restaurant is said to be the best in Jipsburg City. I've never been here before," a young female college student, Eva Romero, said, gazing at Rowan with admiration.
The girls around her all wished to meet someone like Rowan, a trust fund baby who could introduce them to all sorts of new experiences and lavish sights they had never encountered before.
Rowan listened to Eva with a neutral expression, revealing no discernible emotions. He merely responded softly, "Yes, it really is good."
Eva didn't mind Rowan's cold attitude. To her, a man like him surely had his own character. She immediately flashed a bright smile and asked, "Mr. Jakeman, after dinner, can we go to the hot spring resort for a couple of days?"
"Mr. Jakeman?"
Seeing that he hadn't answered, Eva followed his gaze to see what had captured his attention.
When she noticed that Rowan was staring at a woman who was incredibly gentle, beautiful, and exuded a unique charm, she was stunned. "Mr. Jakeman?" she called out again.
###chapter1229
 
Eva's voice brought Rowan back to reality.
"Go with your classmate," Rowan replied somewhat stiffly. But his eyes were fixed on Minerva.
Although Eva didn't know who Minerva was, women had a natural intuition, and she clearly sensed the change in Rowan's attitude when he saw Minerva.
After speaking, Rowan quickly walked over to Minerva, and at the same time, noticed Skylar.
Skylar was reading, but when she sensed someone standing in front of her and Minerva, she looked up. When she saw Rowan, she was momentarily stunned. What a coincidence.
"You two just got to the restaurant too?" Rowan asked.
Minerva smiled and politely replied, “Just a few minutes ago." She was courteous as if facing a stranger or just an ordinary friend.
Sensing that, Rowan felt bitter inside. "Skylar, you can call me if anything comes up while you're in Jipsburg. By the way, I've found some information about Ned. I'll send them to you
later."
He suspected that Ned might actually be Joe. It was almost impossible for two people to look so identical unless they were twins. And it was unlikely that someone else who looked exactly like Joe would appear in their social circle. [1
Skylar nodded and said, "Okay."
Then, Rowan glanced at Minerva again. "I heard you got engaged. Congratulations."
"Thank you," Minerva continued to smile.
Rowan felt even more uncomfortable, a sense of suffocation. "Don't forget to send me an invitation to the wedding."
"Of course, I also hope you find your own happiness." Minerva's words were particularly
sincere.
The past was like smoke. After all, it had been more than three years and she had completely moved on. She had found someone who truly loved her. So, the past should remain in the past.
Minerva used to hate Rowan, but now she no longer did.
Rowan laughed mockingly at himself and simply said, "I wish you the best."
For someone selfish like him, happiness didn't matter to him. It was enough that he could fee.
content.
And he was content now, with young ladies around him who were good at making him happy. Chapter 1236
After speaking, he turned and left.
Eva, seeing that Rowan left without a word, looked puzzled. As she followed Rowan out of the restaurant, she kept glancing back at Minerva and Skylar.
Who were they? Why did Rowan seem like a different person as soon as he saw them? He was perfectly fine just a moment ago,
Why did his attitude change so suddenly?
"Mr. Jakeman, didn't we agree to have lunch at this restaurant? Why-"
"I'll take you somewhere else."
"Oh... Okay."
Skylar withdrew her gaze from Rowan in the distance and then turned back to Minerva. Rowan seems like a different person these past few years.'
11
In the past, Rowan was often surrounded by women, but his mind was set on Jenny, and he truly didn't care about those around him.
But now, it seemed that Rowan hadn't completely forgotten about Minerva, yet he couldn't bear the loneliness, always having a new woman by his side.
Over the years, Caleb had mentioned Rowan during phone calls, saying that after the Jakeman family realized that there was no hope for Rowan and Minerva, they arranged various blind dates for him. But none of them appealed to Rowan.
Recently, however, he had started dating again, either celebrities or college students.
In any case, Rowan's parents eventually lowered their expectations. They just wanted Rowan to give them a grandchild. They didn't care how he behaved, they just wanted the child's mother to be someone respectable.
Three years had really changed many people and many things.
“People change," Minerva said with a smile.
Everyone was an adult and must bear the consequences of their own choices.
Skylar agreed, "Time changes everything."
It was just like before she returned to Jipsburg. Skylar was considering accepting the reality that Joe might be gone. But unexpectedly, there was suddenly news about Joe and Paul.
###chapter1230
 
Finding Joe and Paul was just a matter of time. After three years of searching and waiting, there was finally news.
Over these three years, everyone had become more mature.
After Rowan and Eva left the restaurant, he transferred a hundred thousand dollars to her." Take your classmates out for fun. I'll be busy for the next couple of days."
Eva looked at the notification on her phone and felt overjoyed. "Mr. Jakeman, you're not coming with us? I'll wear the swimsuit you bought for me at the mall last time."
Her words were quite clear. Wearing a swimsuit could only lead to some implications.
Rowan lit a cigarette, but his expression didn't change as he listened to her. "Wear it for me next time. Just go without me this time."
Eva didn't dare to push further after hearing that. After agreeing, she took a cab and left.
Rowan stayed where he was, feeling incredibly conflicted. He took out his phone and sent a document to Skylar. Then, he just stood there smoking. After finishing the cigarette, he glanced back at the restaurant. He should forget about everything. Someone like him shouldn't ruin a good woman like Minerva. He wasn't worthy of
her.
Then he went to the parking lot, got into his car, and drove away.
After finishing lunch, Skylar and Minerva each went their separate ways.
Skylar sat in her car, not in a hurry to leave. She opened her phone to check the message Rowan had sent her.
The document contained some information about Ned's life. Although he was born in Jipsburg, he grew up in Murida. Ned seemed to live a low- profile life until three years ago. In the past three years, he started to make a name for himself in Murida suddenly.
This investigation was conducted by a private detective from Murida. The report concluded that Ned's identity was suspicious.
Rowan suspected Ned's identity, believing that Ned might actually be Joe.
But if Ned was Joe, then what was it with Paul's photo?
For a moment, it felt like she was caught in a thick fog.
As Skylar drove down the road, she headed toward Galaxy Villa
There was an accident, causing a roadblock.
A number of people had gotten out of their cars to check on the situation.
Skylar glanced at the road behind her and saw that it was completely blocked. So, there was no alternative route. That was why she decided to get out of her car as well
After getting out, she heard a group of people discussing the accident.
A large truck had overturned, spilling all its sand onto two cars coming from the opposite direction. The people in the cars were now trapped underneath, and it wasn't clear yet how many were injured or killed.
The police, firefighters, and traffic officers had already been called. Those who could help were working to clear away the sand.
Skylar then remembered that she had a small shovel in her car, which might be useful. So, she grabbed it and quickly walked toward the accident
scene.
Just then, someone suddenly opened a car door, blocking her path.
In her hurry to help, she didn't pay attention to the person who had suddenly opened the door and simply said, "Please close the door."
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out!
###chapter1231
 
"It's you?"
Rosa frowned when she saw Skylar standing before her. Why did she run into Skylar again?
She believed that Skylar must have found out her and Ned's whereabouts and purposely came
after them.
Hearing this, Skylar lowered her head to look at Rosa. She hadn't expected to bump into Rosa at the scene of a car accident.
Just then, a man's voice came from the car, asking "Who is it?"
Rosa shot a cold glance at Skylar before answering Ned, "It's Ms. Sullivan
Then, Ned got out of the car from the other side. His dark eyes immediately fixed on Skylar.
"Mr. Sowle, Ms. Reese, Skylar greeted them both
Rosa fronted and asked, "What is Ms. Sullivan doing here?
Hearing Rosa's question, Skylar's face turned cold "fast passing by " Then, she added, "Could you please close the door? There's an accident ahead, I want to go over."
"Just passing by?" Rosa clearly didn't believe het Who would believe such a convenient coincidence? But despite her doubts, she closed the car door to let skylar pass
Skylar wallked straight ahead without looking back at Rosa and Nied, completely ignoring thern
Rosa then opened the car door again and looked at Ned Unexpectedly, Ned was also walking
toward the accident site
"Ned, it's dangerous over there. It's better not to go there," Rosa called out anxiously when she saw this. But with all the cars and people arend, the noise made it impossible for Ned to
hear what she was saying
Biting her lip, she could only follow him, struggling to keep up in her high heels.
Watching Ned, who didn't even look back, following Skylar to the accident site made her feel incredibly hurt. Ned had said he had no feelings for skylar and had promised her as much, but why did he seem unable to resist approaching Skylar the moment he saw her?
She could see it and feel it. Her eyes suddenly reddened with grievance
Walking in het high heels slowed her down, and she only caught up to Ned when they neared
the accident site
She chatched his arm tightly and said, "Ned, the site is very dangerous. We'd better not get too
he
"It's fine," Ned replied in a low voice. He didn't seem concerned about the situation in front of
him.
Rosa was momentarily speechless. She followed his gaze and saw Skylar.
Skylar was helping the firefighters clear the piles of sand with some other people. Everyone had different tools in hand. Skylar's small shovel was tiny, but she worked quickly.
The sun was blazing at this time of day. The harsh sunlight shone on Skylar's fair face, but she didn't seem to mind. Her eyes were fixed on the sand, her expression focused.
There was no denying that Skylar was stunningly beautiful, and she was especially eye-catching when she was focused on her work. It was impossible to look away.
Even Rosa, a woman, found herself moved by the sight, let alone a man.
The light in Ned's eyes was the kind that showed a man's interest in a woman.
Rosa could sense it. So, she clung tightly to Ned's arm, "Ned, I'm a little scared. Let's to the car."
go back
She thought Skylar was scheming, seizing the opportunity to impress Ned, wanting Ned to see how kind she was.
Rosa sneered inwardly and thought that she had really underestimated Skylar.
"You go back to the car first. With the accident blocking the road, it's going to take a while to get through," Ned said as he continued walking toward Skylar.
###chapter1232
 
 1239
"Ned..." Rosa wanted to stop Ned but didn't make it in time.
She watched helplessly as Ned walked over to Skylar and began talking to her. Even though she couldn't see Skylar's expression, she could imagine that Skylar was smiling at Ned, using her
most seductive charm.
After that, Ned took the small shovel from Skylar's hands.
Skylar stood to the side, wiping her sweat while watching Ned as he helped shovel the sand.
Rosa's eyes widened. Ned was the company president-someone who was always surrounded by people no matter where he went. But now he was doing such a laborious task. Was this even the same Ned she knew?
He...
Why did he seem to change completely whenever Skylar was around? What exactly did Skylar say to him just now?
Rosa's eyes reddened, and she found herself unable to keep watching. But she couldn't just go over and forcefully drag Ned away, so she returned to the car.
Meanwhile, after handing the small shovel to Ned, Skylar kept her focus on the overall situation at the accident scene.
With the collective efforts of many people, they quickly managed to dig out the car that was trapped underneath. However, the situation wasn't looking good-the car had been crushed and deformed.
Skylar furrowed her brows, concerned about the condition of the injured. It was a heart-wrenching scene.
"There's a child! The child isn't trapped! Let's get the child out first!" someone shouted.
Upon hearing that there was a child, the firefighters immediately asked the others to step back while they used tools to pry open the car door.
At that moment, Ned suddenly grabbed Skylar's wrist and pulled her backward.
"We won't be of much help here now, we should leave," Ned said rationally. Yet, his hand held her wrist tightly, as if letting go would mean losing her forever.
Skylar glanced at her wrist, subtly pulling it free from his grasp before saying, "It looks like they don't need our help anymore."
Then, she looked back. Traffic police were directing the flow of cars, and many people were reversing to take a different route, Chapter1239
"We can take another route now. I'll be going," Skylar said.
Ned gazed at her and responded with a heavy tone, "Okay, go ahead."
Skylar walked ahead, with Ned following behind. It felt as if she could hear Ned's footsteps
behind her.
A thought suddenly came to her mind.
The person behind her was Joe. Ned was Joe.
A sudden urge surged in her chest. The impulse to stop, turn around, and ask Ned directly who he really was. But rationality kept her feet moving forward without looking back.
But that same rationality told her that the person following her was Ned, just Ned. Until she had other evidence to prove that Ned was indeed Joe, she absolutely couldn't disrupt his life.
The walk back to their car wasn't far. But it felt as though the path stretched out before her, each step testing her resolve.
Only after she opened the car door and got in did she see Ned also getting into his car.
Skylar took a deep breath.
Then, along with the other cars, she followed the traffic police's directions, leaving the road and taking another route.
Her mind was still blank even after she reached Galaxy Villa.
She didn't get out of the car. Instead, she called Jeremy.
"Do you think it's possible that Joe got separated from Paul three years ago? And Ned, who recently appeared in Jipsburg, is actually Joe, hiding his identity for some reason?"
Jeremy, hearing Skylar's speculation, didn't respond immediately. It took him a few minutes before he said, "That is possible. I just found out Paul is still in Murida."
###chapter1233
 
1/2
Chapter 1240.
"So, Joe must still be in Murida," Jeremy continued.
If it weren't for this recent information, he might have also believed that the suspicious Ned
was Joe.
|
This wasn't just Skylar's speculation. He had discussed Ned with Rowan and John, analyzing some of Ned's information, and all of them found it suspicious.
But now, after finding out Paul's whereabouts, it seemed to settle the doubts about Ned's
identity.
Skylar remained silent for a while before finally saying, "I'm booking a flight back to Murida."
She was eager to return, feeling that Joe was waiting for her to save him.
Jeremy replied, "I've already had people search in Murida. There had been no clues before, but now that we have information on Paul, lieve we'll find him soon. If you can return to Murida, you'll get updates immediately."
Hearing this, Skylar no longer hesitated. "Alright, I'll book a flight now."
Skylar booked a flight for the day after tomorrow as all flights for tomorrow were fully booked,
When Janine and the others found out she was returning to Murida, they were surprised but supportive after hearing her reasons.
Skylar also promised to return in two months for Steven's wedding.
Before going to sleep, she spoke with Gloria over the phone.
Gloria's condition hadn't been good lately. Although she kept her spirits up during the call, Skylar had consulted with the doctors and knew her condition well.
Whether it was to find Joe and Paul or to accompany Gloria, Skylar felt she shouldn't stay in
Jipsburg any longer.
However, for some reason, she had a nagging feeling that she shouldn't leave. Deep down, it was probably because she was reluctant to leave. The city held many memories shared between her and Joe.
At 3:00 am, Skylar was woken by her ringing phone. So, she answered the call half-asleep.
"Is this Skylar? Come to my house, quickly! I suspect someone has placed something evil in my home. I'm getting crazy!" A middle-aged man's tense voice in the middle of the night jolted Skylar awake.
2/2
Since the caller didn't identify himself, she couldn't immediately recognize the voice. Skylar turned on the bedside lamp and asked, "Who is this?" "I'm Joe's father! Come over now!" Edwin's voice was filled with panic, but he still managed to issue a command to Skylar in a condescending tone. So, it was Edwin.
Skylar had heard about him every now and then over the past few years.
Although the Martin Group had been taken over by others, Edwin continued living a lavish
lifestyle with his share of the dividends
He had many young women by his side, each one younger than the last. Molly's death didn't seem to serve as a warning to him. He had remained selfish and indulgent.
"I'll go over at nine in the morning to take a look" Skylar said.
But Edwin wasn't satisfied. "You want to wait until morning? No, you have to confe now! I can't stand it anymore. I keep feeling like my house is full of people-women, children, so many people. The moment I close my eyes, it seems like they're trying to choke me, I can't breathe. I can't take another minute of this."
Hearing him talk about being haunted by women and children, Skylar's expression grew cold.
When she spoke again, her tone was flat, "Then leave the house for a few hours, I only have time after nine."
In the end, Edwin had no choice but to agree.
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out!
###chapter1234
 
Chapter 1241.
After Edwin's phone call woke her, Skylar lost all desire to sleep. So she picked up her phone and casually scrolled through social media, where she stumbled upon a trending topic. It was news about Claudio.
It was filled with all sorts of negative information about him. Some people even posted videos, tearfully claiming that Claudio had a small member and had STDs. Several others confirmed the stories with their own posts.
The topic had been trending since eight the previous evening and was still going strong.
Claudio had issued a statement defending himself and even sent out legal notices, declaring,
his intention to find out who was behind these accusations.
But after the statement came out, it was met with a flood of evidence exposing him further. People even shared proof of how he used his company to engage in illegal activities.
Claudio hadn't been well-known in Jipsburg previously. He mainly relied on the benefits brought by his family name, using the Martin surname to throw his weight around.
But now, seeing the news about Claudio, the bad mood from Edwin's call earlier lifted
completely.
However, Skylar figured that Claudio must have offended someone. Otherwise, it wouldn't be possible for so much dirt to surface overnight, especially with evidence that involved legal
infractions.
This wasn't just a matter of someone hating him. It couldn't be as simple as a disgruntled woman seeking revenge.
Whoever was behind exposing Claudio, Skylar thought they were doing something good.
Soon after, someone posted a photo of Claudio being taken away by the police. He had been
taken in for questioning overnight, which suggested that the evidence the public had exposed was indeed legitimate. After checking her phone for a while, she set it down and thought about what Edwin had said
earlier.
Women and children were haunting him, making it impossible for him to sleep. It likely wasn't just about some evil spirits.
As she pondered, Skylar found herself slipping back into slumber.
When she woke up in the morning, she reached out to Caleb, asking him to accompany her to Edwin's house. Given Edwin's character, she knew she had to stay vigilant.
However, she needed to personally inspect any possible supernatural elements. Lately, there
had been frequent occurrences of such phenomena, and she felt they might be somehow connected to Joe's disappearance. She didn't want to miss any clues.
2/2
Caleb picked her up by car. When he learned that Skylar would be leaving for Murida the next day, he hit the brakes hard. "Weren't you supposed to stay at least a month? Why are you leaving so suddenly?"
Skylar smiled and replied, "Grandma hasn't been well recently, but I'll come back in two
months."
Hearing about Gloria's health, Caleb became a bit worried too. In recent years, he had noticed that his own grandfather's health wasn't as good as it used to be either.
Soon, they arrived at Edwin's villa.
Even before entering, Caleb frowned and said when he stood beside Skylar, "Why does it feel so cold all over? This villa gives me a bad feeling." Skylar glanced at Caleb and handed him a red string bracelet. “Put this on."
Years ago, she and Joe had visited this place. Back then, it didn't have this unwelcoming aura.
Over the driveway, she noticed that none of the other nearby villas gave off this sense of unease. Only Edwin's villa had such a repelling feeling.
Just as they were about to enter, a drunken Edwin and a young woman in her 20s came
stumbling out.
"You're finally here. Hurry up and check what's going on inside."
###chapter1235
 
Chapter 1242.
As Edwin spoke, his words were slurred. It was clear that he had drunk quite a bit.
The young woman in his arms, with a youthful face, was flushed red and also clearly intoxicated. Edwin's pants zipper was undone, and the young woman's stockings had multiple
tears.
Anyone could guess what had just transpired between them.
Skylar's expression turned icy. Meanwhile, Caleb's mouth twitched. Edwin was such a disgrace. He was nothing like Gloria's son, nor Joe's father. It really left one speechless.
"Pay me first," Skylar said coldly.
Edwin raised an eyebrow, his eyes widening at the mention of money. "Pay you? You're my daughter-in-law! We're family, and you're asking me for money?"
In his mind, he was giving Skylar an opportunity to prove herself by letting her come. There was no way he would pay her.
He thought that Skylar had rushed to Murida to take care of his mother just to get a share of the inheritance. But all of that belonged to him as Gloria's son. Whether Skylar got a portion or not depended on his will.
“Even close relatives should keep accounts clear. Mr. Martin, you're always generous with others, so if you don't pay Skylar for her service, aren't you worried people will laugh at you?" Caleb asked with a smirk.
To people like them, Edwin was really just like a sly fox.
Irritated by the taunt, Edwin quickly took out his phone. "Give me your account number, I'll pay you right now!"
Caleb immediately provided Skylar's bank account number.
True to his word, Edwin transferred a hundred thousand dollars over.
He thought it was more than enough. In Jipsburg, even hiring a highly reputable expert wouldn't cost as much. Plus, Skylar was young. He gave her a hundred thousand because she was Joe's wife. Otherwise, he wouldn't want to pay a single cent.
After receiving the transfer notification, Caleb was speechless, while Skylar let out a cold laugh. It seemed like Edwin's life was worth just a hundred thousand dollars.
"Let's go and take a look," Skylar said.
For the sake of Gloria and Joe, she decided to see what kind of supernatural element might be present. After all, if there truly was something affecting Edwin, it could have some influence on Joe as well.
2/2
Edwin turned to the young woman beside him and said, "You should go home. Come again tomorrow."
The woman, still tipsy, nodded repeatedly. "Okay, I'll come again tomorrow. Don't overwork yourself today, make sure to get some rest."
Edwin, flattered by her sweet words, beamed. "Okay, okay, I'll definitely get some good rest."
It was truly cringy for Skylar and Caleb.
Once the woman left, Edwin led them into the villa.
If standing outside the villa felt unsettling, stepping inside made it even worse. There was an intense discomfort that seeped through their bodies.
Then, Skylar asked, “How long have you been experiencing dreams of being haunted by women and children?"
Edwin just answered in a slur, "Just in the past month, I guess... But lately, it's been happening more often. Sometimes, I can't even tell if I'm dreaming or awake. Sometimes, I even feel like I'm suffocating."
As he spoke, he touched his neck, a look of lingering fear on his face.
Even though he lived in a haze of alcohol and indulgence, when it came to facing death, he was more terrified than anyone.
Skylar nodded and then started inspecting the entire villa with Caleb.
Eventually, they focused on a particular painting. It was a portrait from the Wiktorian Era, featuring a woman in a traditional dress. The background of the painting included several
children.
###chapter1236
 
That was a cursed painting from the Wiktorian Era.
Edwin looked at the painting, stunned. "Is something wrong with this painting? But it's impossible. My uncle gave it to me and said he spent a million dollars on it."
It was such a beautiful painting, yet it turned out to be cursed.
Uncle? Skylar thought of Ernest, Edwin's uncle.
"There's something off about this painting. It's like it has some kind of magic, making it hard to look away," Caleb remarked.
Seeing Edwin's stunned expression, Skylar asked "Did he give you anything else?"
"No, this painting was a gift from him over a month ago. Could he have purposely given it to me to harm me?" Edwin might be morally questionable, but he wasn't stupid.
Even in his drunken state, Edwin realized that if Ernest knew this painting was cursed and still gave it to him, it could mean Ernest had intended to harm him.
Skylar furrowed her brows but didn't respond. They could only deduce whether Ernest intended to harm Edwin.
She focused on a few areas in the painting, noticing that some of the red shades were dark, like
stains of blood.
When she placed her hand on it, her mind was suddenly filled with vivid images of women and children meeting tragic ends, as well as scenes of young women being forced by Edwin. Even Molly's twisted face appeared, morphing into the woman in the painting.
Skylar quickly closed her eyes, suppressing the unsettling visions that swirled in her mind.
No wonder Edwin had felt as if something was strangling him. This painting wasn't just a simple cursed . Destroying it wouldn't remove its impact on him.
"I can destroy this painting, but you know what you've done over the years. See the blood on it? That might include Molly's.
"You've let yourself go for so long, never considering doing any good. So, it's impossible to fully negate the harm this cursed painting has caused you," she said bluntly.
Caleb was stunned. "So even if the painting is dealt with, Mr. Martin will still suffer from nightmares, right?"
Skylar nodded. She had said years ago that Edwin wouldn't live long as actions have consequences. After living with Molly for so many years and being influenced by evil forces, Edwin couldn't escape the torment.
Edwin sobered up instantly. "What are you saying? I'll still have nightmares? Then, what's the point of having you here? Are you trying to scam me? Skylar, how dare you deceive me!"
He raised his hand to slap her, but Caleb quickly grabbed his arm. "Skylar is extremely busy, and people line up to get her help. If it weren't for you being Joe's father, she wouldn't have
come at all!
“And just for a hundred thousand dollars. It was less than what others paid her as pocket money. Mr. Martin, you better think carefully!"
To live so long and still so clueless while doing every despicable thing imaginable, yet he still hoped for a good end? How was that possible?
"Skylar, let's go," Caleb said to her.
Skylar nodded, rolled up the painting, and took it with her.
After walking a few steps, she turned back to Edwin, whose color had completely drained from his face. "If anyone gives you anything else, make sure you don't accept it."
Edwin didn't look at Skylar. Instead, he muttered to himself, "Has Uncle Ernest gone mad? He actually wants to harm me! No, I have to find him!" As Skylar and Caleb got into their car, Edwin also drove away.
Caleb frowned and asked, "Isn't he driving under the influence?"
Just as Skylar was about to respond, there was an incoming video call on her phone. She glanced at it and saw Ned's name on display.
###chapter1237
 
Caleb heard the ringtone for the incoming call and looked at Skylar. He was about to ask why she wasn't answering when he caught a glimpse of the name on the incoming video call.
Caleb wondered what was wrong with Ned.
Skylar answered the video call, and Ned's face appeared on the screen. Judging by the background, he seemed to be in a hotel.
"Mr. Sowle, what can I do for you?" Skylar asked directly.
Seeing that Skylar was in a car, Ned asked, "Are you driving?"
"No, my friend is driving," Skylar replied, glancing at Caleb.
Caleb winked at Skylar, full of questions. When did these two add each other's number?
Just a few days ago at the charity gala, Ned had seemed distant and unfamiliar toward Skylar. But now, in this video call, his attitude was clearly more attentive, even asking if she was
driving.
As a man, Caleb sensed a bit of danger. This Ned definitely had some sort of intentions toward
Skylar.
Ned then said, "The headache-relief massage technique you sent me was very effective. Thank you."
Skylar smiled and said, "You're welcome. I'm glad it helped."
So, the reason he called was just to thank her. For her, it was just a small favor.
"If you have time, let's have a meal together. How about lunch tomorrow?" Ned got straight to the point about why he had called.
Skylar was surprised. "There's no need for that, Mr. Sowle. I have a flight to catch tomorrow."
Ned was briefly taken aback before nodding. "Alright then."
"Okay then, goodbye, Mr. Sowle." As Skylar looked at Ned's face, which resembled Joe's, memories of her time with Joe filled her mind, making her eager to head back to Murida as soon as possible.
Ned nodded and said goodbye.
He waited for Skylar to end the video call. Once her image disappeared from the screen, he frowned, feeling a dull pain in his head.
In the dreams he had been having up until last night; the woman's face had always been blurry. But last night, her face suddenly became clear. It was Skylar. Her features matched hers
exactly, down to every contour,
He guessed that this might mean he had started developing feelings for Skylar. He had never felt a desire to get close to a woman before, Skylar was the first.
Just then, a knock on the door interrupted his thoughts.
"Ned."
Ned put his thoughts aside and went to open the door.
Rosa stood there, smiling at him. "A college classmate of mine reached out. She's in the city for business, and we've arranged to meet up, so I'm heading out now."
Ned had work today. The initial phase of opening the branch company kept him very busy.
For the past few days, Rosa had tried to stay close to Ned, partly to assert her position to
others and partly to prevent Ned and Skylar from meeting alone. Skylar made her feel a deep sense of unease.
MAN
She wasn't really meeting a college classmate today but a private investigator. Some things were better discussed in person.
Ned nodded and said, "Go ahead. Call me if you need anything."
“Make sure to take care of yourself while you're busy. If your head hurts, take a break,” Rosa reminded him, concerned that he might not look after himself properly.
Ned just nodded.
###chapter1238
 
Rosa knew that Ned was usually reserved, so after reminding him, she left in her high heels.
Once the door was closed, Ned walked over to his desk and opened his laptop, then accessed a file. The file contained information about Skylar
It included details like how Skylar had a boyfriend since high school, but they eventually broke up. Afterward, she worked in antique restoration, resigned, and then went to Murida for three years, returning only recently.
Her family consisted of two older brothers and one younger brother. The older brothers were successful in their careers, and her younger brother was excelling at university, with a bright future even before graduation.
However, there was no clear information about her relationship with Joe in the file, just a few candid photos of them dining together.
Joe had a fiancée and childhood friend, Vera Ruell. So, could it be that Skylar was secretly...
Ned stopped himself from thinking further. Based on what he knew about Skylar, she wouldn't become Joe's mistress. Moreover, he instinctively believed that if Joe liked Skylar, it would be
sincere. He wouldn't treat her as a mere mistress.
Just as he realized that he was defending Skylar in his thoughts, an incoming call interrupted
him.
"Mr. Sowle, as you instructed, all of Claudio's dirt has been posted online. The situation is escalating, and he won't be able to get out of it anytime soon."
Hearing this, Ned responded simply, "Make sure your tracks are covered. Don't let anyone trace it back to you."
"Understood, Mr. Sowle. You can count on me."
Rosa arrived at a restaurant as agreed. The detective was already waiting for her.
"These are the information I found on Skylar Sullivan." The detective handed Rosa a folder.
Rosa took the folder and pulled out the documents and photos inside. When she saw some photos of Ned with Skylar, her eyes widened. "He..." "The person in these photos was Joe Martin, not Mr. Sowle," the detective quickly clarified.
Rosa nodded, realizing her mistake. She had seen photos and news reports of Joe before, and it was indeed striking how similar he and Ned looked. In the photos, Joe and Skylar weren't engaging in any intimate behavior. They were just Chapter 1245
having a meal at a restaurant. However, even in the stillness of the images, the way they looked at each other conveyed Joe's evident care for Skylar.
This was the same look she had seen on Ned's face when he looked at Skylar at the car accident site the previous day. She gripped the photos tightly, not noticing that they were becoming crumpled in her hands.
"After Mr. Martin's death in Murida, Skylar stayed there for years without returning," the detective said.
Rosa snapped out of her thoughts and spoke with a hint of disdain, "If I'm not mistaken, she has always been Joe's mistress. I never expected that even with such a status, she would still cling to her feelings and stay in Murida for three years."
And now, she?
after meeting Ned, Skylar was itching to become someone's mistress again, wasn't
Wasn't she making her intentions obvious by appearing in front of Ned time and again?
"There was no conclusive evidence proving that she was Mr. Martin's mistress, and with his passing, there was no way to verify it. Ms. Reese, this is all the information I could find on Skylar Sullivan. It may not be possible to dig up more," the detective explained.
Rosa nodded, reviewed the documents, and then handed them back to the detective. "Shred these off. Let's act as if today's meeting never happened."
"Understood."
After the detective left, Rosa thought for a moment before taking her phone out and dialing Skylar's number.
###chapter1239
 
1/2
When Skylar saw an unfamiliar number, she thought it was a spam call. So she was a bit surprised when it turned out to be Rosa.
"Ms. Reese, how did you get my number?" she asked.
Rosa replied, "I asked a friend. Anyway, who gave me your number isn't important. What matters is that I want to meet you."
At that moment, Skylar was packing her suitcase at Galaxy Villa. Hearing Rosa's request, she put down the clothes she was folding before saying, "If there's something you want to say, just say it over the phone."
Rosa was displeased with Skylar's attitude. "It's better to talk in person. If it's convenient, let's have dinner tonight."
Some things were difficult to discuss over the phone. Meeting in person would make her intentions clear, and Rosa believed it would deter Skylar. However, Skylar just responded, "Sorry, I don't have time tonight.”
She already had plans to have dinner with Janine and the others, and then spend some time at Natalie's café. Furthermore, she had to catch a flight tomorrow afternoon.
Rosa's tone turned cold. "So, in other words, you just don't want to meet me, right?"
In Rosa's mind, refusing to meet was a sign of a guilty conscience.
Skylar found Rosa's attitude a bit ridiculous. "You could say that. We're not close, so there's no need to meet up."
There was no point in wasting time with someone she barely knew, especially since every time they had met, Rosa's attitude had been unpleasant. This invitation couldn't be for anything good either, so it was entirely unnecessary.
Rosa hadn't expected Skylar to admit it so bluntly. She became furious instantly. "Yes, we aren't close, and there really is no need to meet up. So, let's just talk over the phone."
Skylar put the phone on speaker and continued folding her clothes while listening to Rosa.
"I know what you're trying to do by appearing in front of Ned multiple times. Let me be clear, Ned and I will be getting married soon. We have many years of history together, and I won't allow any third party to come between us.
"I don't care who you were with before, but from now on, stay away from Ned," Rosa spoke from a position of moral superiority, asserting her status as Ned's fiancée.
Skylar frowned her brow slightly. "You're overthinking."
212
“Don't think that everyone is as narrow-minded as you are, Skylar. I know you're an antique restorer, and if you just focus on your career, your future will be bright.
"There's no need to take shortcuts and remain a mistress hiding in the shadows. It won't do you any good," Rosa continued her lecture.
She had seen plenty of women who wanted shortcuts and liked to seduce other people's men. It was despicable.
"I was never anyone's mistress," Skylar replied before ending the call.
It seemed that the relationship between Rosa and Ned wasn't as solid as it appeared. If it were, Rosa wouldn't be so insecure, to the point of reaching out to her.
Skylar had only encountered Ned a few times, and almost every time, Rosa was present. Despite that, Rosa still felt insecure, which spoke volumes. Perhaps, Ned wasn't as reliable as he seemed.
Thinking about how Ned had invited her to lunch the next day, she frowned again..
Even if she weren't flying back to Murida, she wouldn't have accepted his invitation. It was a waste that Ned had a face that resembled Joe's so much.
With that thought, Rosa, who had just been annoying, didn't seem quite as bothersome anymore.
Rosa stared at her phone after being hung up on, her eyes filled with anger.
“She actually hung up on me! How rude!"
Before she could finish her rant, she thought about Skylar's insistence that she had never been-
a mistress, and it struck her-who would believe such a statement?
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward!
###chapter1240
 
Rosa refused to believe Skylar's words.
"Fine, I'll see if you dare to keep bothering Ned! Rosa thought.
If Skylar dared to entangle herself with Ned again, she would make sure Skylar faced the consequences.
1/2
After packing her suitcase, Skylar drove back home to have dinner with Janine, Steven, and the others. They had all bought gifts for her and some for Gloria as well.
The sight of the many boxes gave Skylar a bit of a headache. Tomorrow morning, Steven and Harvey would take her to the airport. So, they planned to send the boxes by courier in the morning.
After dinner with her family, Skylar went to Natalie's café. It was still being used as a filming location, with many crew members inside. So, she sent a text to Natalie before heading to a nearby mall.
It was close to the mall's closing time, so there weren't many people around. After buying two sets of skincare products, she left the mall and received a reply from Natalie, saying that the filming had wrapped up.
As she walked back to the café, her phone rang.
"Skylar, come over to Avalon Residence and explain the situation with that painting! Uncle Ernest and the others think I'm just stirring up trouble. They say that a painting so valuable couldn't possibly be cursed, and they claim you're making things up."
Edwin's hurried voice came through the phone.
Hearing this, Skylar's voice turned cold as she replied, "It doesn't matter whether they believe it or not."
"I don't care, you need to come over quickly," Edwin demanded angrily.
Then, Skylar retorted, "I haven't dealt with that painting yet. If you trust that it is fine, I'll
have it sent back to you and return you the money."
In the past few years, Edwin's mind had become increasingly unreliable.
What did he think he could achieve by confronting the elders like this? Who would be foolish, enough to admit that the painting was cursed and meant to bring him harm?
Edwin's tone softened immediately. "No, you don't have to send it ba
step outside to talk to you."
2/2
Skylar heard the sound of a door opening and closing. Then Edwin continued, "You really can't do anything to help me? I don't want to keep having those nightmares. Besides, out of respect for my mother, you shouldn't ignore me, right?”
"If it weren't for Grandma wouldn't have helped you deal with that painting in the first place," Skylar replied.
"You..."
“Out of respect for Grandma, I'll warn you-stay as far away from those family members of yours as you can. This time, it's just a painting. Next time, they could be after your life. Without Joe around, taking over your shares would be a breeze for them."
With that, Skylar hung up.
There was no doubt that Ernest and the others had more than just one painting. There must be other things at play. She had a strong sense that the person behind all this would soon reveal themselves.
Just as she was lost in thought, someone bumped into her, almost causing her to drop the skincare products she was carrying.
“Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't see you there,” the person who bumped into her apologized profusely.
After steadying herself, Skylar looked up and to her surprise, she recognized the person. Helena?"
Helena was equally shocked to see Skylar. "Skylar?"
Then, Skylar noticed Jeremy who was standing behind Helena.
1/2
###chapter1241
 
Jeremy and Helena had probably just come out of the mall as well.
Over the past few years, Helena had solidified her position in the entertainment industry. Although she wasn't an A-list actress, she had been continuously getting roles and endorsements. She also managed to stay away from scandals.
It seemed like Helena and Jeremy had been together all this time. But hadn't'Jeremy recently started going on blind dates arranged by his family? "You..." Jeremy looked at Skylar, clearly a bit surprised.
Skylar nodded toward them. "I just went to the mall to pick up a few things."
Helena didn't know what to say for a moment.
Back in the mall, she had kept her hat and mask on to avoid being recognized. She only took
them off once she left.
She had planned to take a walk under the night sky with Jeremy but didn't expect to run into
Skylar so unexpectedly. It felt a bit like being caught with a secret.
She had reconnected with Jeremy over a year ago, through a twist of fate.
Helena had let go of him, knowing that there was no future for them. Jeremy's heart had always been with Natalie. Yet, she couldn't control her feelings.
Recently, she realized that she wasn't just attracted to Jeremy as a person but also to the opportunities he could bring her.
With that thought, she found even more reasons to keep pursuing him. However, she knew that Jeremy probably didn't want to run into Skylar either. After all, Skylar was Natalie's best friend, and seeing them together would make it clear to Natalie that they were involved with each other. She glanced at Jeremy, who spoke to Skylar, "Natalie's café is nearby. Are you here to see her?"
If he hadn't run into Skylar, he might have forgotten that one of Natalie's cafés was nearby. Lately, he'd been so caught up with other matters that he had pushed that detail out of his
mind.
Skylar nodded and said, "I'm leaving tomorrow so I wanted to see her before I leave. I'll let you two be and won't disturb you further." Then, she picked up her shopping bags and walked away briskly.
Jeremy stood there watching her leave, lost in thought. Helena noticed his reaction and felt uneasy. So she asked, "Do you think seeing us together will affect your relationship with
2/2
"Let's go," Jeremy interrupted.
Helena was momentarily stunned, and a strange thought crossed her mind. Perhaps he wasn't interested in Natalie anymore, and maybe that was why he didn't care if someone saw them together.
At the thought of that, Helena couldn't help but smile and reply softly, "Okay."
As soon as Natalie got Skylar's message, she ran out of the café, sprinting toward her.
"They're still filming inside, but my scenes are done. Let's go sit over there. I made two cups of hot milk tea, perfect for this weather!" Natalie said excitedly.
They sat on a park bench nearby.
The night breeze was a bit chilly, but the warmth from the milk tea in their hands provided comfort.
"This is good," Skylar said, taking several sips. She felt the warmth spread through her chest.
Natalie grinned with pride. "Of course it does! I made it myself, carefully adjusting the recipe!"
"Are you thinking of opening more shops?" Skylar asked with a smile.
Natalie nodded eagerly. "That's exactly what I'm planning! You always know me best."
"I could tell back in college that you would become a successful entrepreneur one day. Looks like I wasn't wrong," Skylar teased.
Natalie laughed as well. "I also said I wanted to open a flower shop. Maybe I'll do that next. When you come back, I'll have fresh flowers delivered to you every day, whatever you like!"
###chapter1242
 
"You love me so much?" Skylar said.
"Of course, I love you! When you go back to Murida this time, please stay safe. I've heard things are a bit unstable over there recently.
"Once you find Joe, bring him back as soon as possible. Nowhere else is as good as here. This place has not only me but also your family:" As Natalie spoke, she became emotional.
She couldn't bear to see Skylar leave, and she worried about her too. When she first learned that Joe might still be alive, she was genuinely happy for Skylar.
Three years was neither short nor long, but Skylar never gave up looking for him, even when everyone said Joe had died. Natalie couldn't imagine the amount of pain Skylar had endured all these years.
"What time is your flight tomorrow? I'll take you," she offered.
Skylar replied, "It's an afternoon flight. You've been a night owl recently, just get some rest at home. My brother will take me to the airport."
Natalie nodded and said, “Alright. My sleep cycle has indeed been getting worse lately."
They chatted for a while longer, and just as Skylar was about to leave, Natalie received a phone
call.
"Mr. Powell got hurt?" Natalie exclaimed in shock.
"How did he get hurt? He accidentally cut his arm with a prop? Lost a lot of blood? I'll head back right away!"
After hanging up hurriedly, Natalie turned to Skylar and said, "Mr. Powell got injured while filming. It seems serious. I need to go back and check on him."
"Alright, go quickly," Skylar said, watching Natalie rush off anxiously.
It seemed like Natalie was the only one who couldn't see her own feelings. As soon as she heard Austin was hurt, she became extremely worried. Two hours later, in a hospital room, most crew members who had come along had already left and Austin's wound had been treated by a doctor. However, because of the significant blood loss and the depth and size of the wound, he needed to stay in the hospital for two days to monitor for any signs of infection.
Seeing that Austin was alright, Natalie prepared to leave, but Austin called out to her. Chapter 1249
2/2
Once the room was empty except for the two of them, Austin asked, "Were you worried about
me?"
Natalie looked at Austin's pale face, drained from the blood loss. She didn't avoid the question and admitted directly, "You got hurt in my shop, of course, I'd be worried. Thankfully, you're okay, Mr. Powell."
Seeing how Natalie kept addressing him politely, trying to distance herself and draw a line between them, Austin suddenly went quiet.
The silence in the room became awkward, making Natalie feel uneasy.
"It's getting late, so I won't bother you anymore, Mr. Powell. I'll come to visit again tomorrow," Natalie said.
Being watched by Austin like that made her heart race, filling her with an inexplicable sense of panic. She felt like if she stayed any longer, she might lose control of her rationality.
"Wait," Austin called out to her.
Natalie paused and turned around, their eyes meeting.
Austin's expression softened, and he spoke with a hint of resignation, "Am I really that scary?
Natalie then blurted out, "I don't want to be a lamb walking into a tiger's den. Mr. Powell, your family wouldn't accept me. We're from completely
different worlds, and being together would mean facing countless challenges-challenges that can't be overcome with just feelings.
JE
###chapter1243
 
Over time, feelings would fade and the difference in status that didn't seem to matter at first would eventually become obstacles.
Having gone through a marriage before, Natalie understood all too well what she would face if
she accepted Austin.
She might seem carefree and easygoing on the surface, but she was well aware of these
realities.
"How do you know we can't handle it, Natalie? I'm not Jeremy, I won't get involved with my family business," Austin said directly.
From a young age, he understood that no matter how influential his family was, even if they were the wealthiest in the world, he had no interest in it. He had his own dreams, and now he had the means to be independent of his family.
Natalie looked at Austin in disbelief as he continued, "Give us a chance."
The expression in Austin's eyes was sincere, and his tone carried a deep emotion that Natalie had never seen before. It was different from the characters he played in movies-she could
sense his genuine feelings.
But she wasn't na?ve. She knew very well why Austin had made a comeback and went out of his way to film at her café.
"I... Mr. Powell, give me some time to think about it," she replied before rushing
room.
of the
Austin stared at the door for a few minutes and raised his eyebrows slightly before leaning back on the bed and closing his eyes.
The next morning, Skylar got up and made a simple breakfast. Just as she was about to finish, a series of rumbling thunderclaps sounded. She immediately put down her utensils and looked out the window.
The sky was dark with heavy rain clouds. Thunder was echoing through the air and lightning
streaking across the sky.
When she woke up earlier, the sky wasn't nearly as dark as it was now, even though there were night.
clouds. Now, it seemed as dark as thos
She hadn't checked the weather forecast in the past few days. With such a thunderstorm, there might be a heavy downpour soon.
She wondered if this weather would cause her flight to be canceled.
###chapter1244
 
Looking at the unfinished breakfast, Skylar felt a wave of loneliness wash over her. Knowing that she saw flying out of Jipsburg today, several people had called to check on her situation.
"Are you scared of being home alone? Why don't you have Charles come stay with you? He's not filming today because of the bad weather," Janine asked over the phone.
"Mom, it's fine. Let him rest at home. He rarely gets a day off. With weather like this, the roads are bound to be congested and unsafe. Everyone should stay home and keep safe," Skylar replied.
Janine didn't push further.
Outside, the wind howled, and rain lashed against the windows. The combination of the loud noises and the gloomy weather made Skylar feel a bit dazed.
After what felt like an eternity, Jeremy suddenly called. "Skylar, we found Mr. Ziegler." His voice was serious and deep...
Skylar didn't detect any happiness in his tone about finding Paul.
In her excitement, she momentarily overlooked Jeremy's somber demeanor. "You found him? What about Joe? What's their situation now?" Jeremy said, "First, listen carefully. What I'm about to say is very important. We did find Mr/ Ziegler. He was held in an underground factory, and his movements were restricted every day. We managed to pay 30 million dollars to get him out, but Joe wasn't with him.
"His condition isn't great. He has been abused over the years and injected with various substances. It seems he's experiencing amnesia or is disoriented. We'll have to wait for the doctors, to examine him for more details. All his identification was lost, but it can be replaced at the embassy in the next few days.
"I'll arrange for Mr. Ziegler to return to Jipsburg, but you need to cancel your flight and wait for updates from Murida."
"Joe isn't with Mr. Ziegler?" Skylar's expression changed dramatically.
Jeremy's voice turned grave. "That's right. We have to wait for Mr. Ziegler to wake up and see if he can remember anything. We might also try some hypnosis techniques to help him recall what happened years ago. Just... don't panic. Now that we've found Mr. Ziegler, locating Joe shouldn't be as difficult."
Skylar felt a tumult of emotions stirring within her. After agreeing with Jeremy's advice, she sat rigidly on the couch.
Both Joe and Paul had gone missing together, but now only Paul had been found...
Paul had been suffering in that underground factory for the past few years. She couldn't help but wonde
what had happened three years ago. Where could Joe be?
She tightened her grip on the mug in her hands.
All these questions would have to wait until Paul woke up. As she sat on the couch, lost in thought, an hour passed before the doorbell rang Skylar walked to the front door. From the security camera, she spotted Charles holding an umbrella. She quickly opened the door to let him in. As Charles put away his umbrella, he said to Skylar, "Mom and Steven were worried about you being home alone. They remember how scared you were of thunderstorms when you were little, so I rushed over. If it weren't for the awful weather slowing down traffic, I would've arrived sooner."
Skylar looked at Charles with a hint of realization. "I can manage on my own. I used to be scared of thunder and rain when I was little, but I've grown up. I'm not afraid anymore."
11
Charles noticed that something seemed off with Skylar. "You don't seem quite right. Tell me if something's bothering you."
He noticed she wasn't her usual cheerful self when she saw him. Her face looked drawn, and her expression had an unmistakable heaviness as if something was troubling her.
"It's nothing. My flight got canceled, and I woke up too early this morning, so I might just need some rest," Skylar replied with a smile.
With Paul's situation still uncertain and many things undetermined, she didn't want to worry
Charles.
"I see. If you don't sleep well, you should take a nap. You can try my cooking when up. I just landed a role as a chef and have been practicing hard these past few days. Today, I'll show you my amazing culinary skills," Charles said confidently to Skylar.
you
wake
"Sounds great! Thanks, Charles. Just call me when it's ready." Skylar smiled and nodded, wanting to keep her emotions under wraps.
She headed upstairs, eager to retreat from the conversation.
Once Skylar was out of sight, Charles furrowed his brow. It was clear that her troubles went beyond just a lack of sleep.
###chapter1245
 
It couldn't just be that Skylar's flight to Murida was canceled, leaving her feeling a bit down. After all these years as siblings, Charles understood Skylar's personality all too well.
She wouldn't look so lost and dejected if nothing serious had happened. It was clear to him that something was troubling her.
But since he was here today, he decided to stay and keep her company.
Charles decided to start cooking. He headed to the kitchen and rummaged through the fridge, which was stocked with a variety of fruits, vegetables, and meats.
He had everything he needed for today's meal. An hour and a half later, the aroma of delicious
food filled the air.
Skylar returned to her bedroom and fell asleep. After a hazy nap, she awoke to the delightful aroma wafting through the air.
She slowly made her way downstairs.
Charles was just finishing setting the table when he spotted her. He called out, "Just in time! Come and taste my cooking."
"Okay," Skylar replied as she walked over. She glanced out the window and noticed the rain was still pouring.
The sky remained gloomy, and all the lights in the villa were turned on.
As she sat down, she noticed the beautifully presented dishes on the table. Although she hadn't felt hungry at first, her appetite was suddenly piqued. "Charles, this looks amazing!".
"Of course! The film crew hired a five-star chef to give me private lessons. I already knew how to cook a bit, but with a little guidance, look at how much better I've gotten," Charles said confidently.
When he did something, he either didn't do it at all or went all out to make it the best he could.
Skylar dug into her meal.
She nodded as she ate. "This is great! Your cooking has surpassed Steven's now."
"Steven has been too busy dating and planning his wedding lately to focus on improving his cooking skills," Charles said, a hint of pride in his voice.
He was looking forward to showcasing his culinary talents when the family gathered for
Christmas.
"Have you started dating anyone recently, Charles?" Skylar asked.
Right now, aside from herself, Charles was the one causing the most concern for Janine.
Her situation was a bit complicated, but Charles was purely focused on his career. For some reason he despised the idea of dating. Whenever Janine asked him about it, he would say that women these days had too many expectations, and he couldn't keep up.
He thought it was better to focus on establishing himself in the entertainment industry than to ponder how to win over a woman. As a parent, Janine couldn't help but worry.
Upon hearing the words "dating", Charles waved his hand dismissively. "I don't have time for that. You know, most of the girls I meet aren't that simple, and I just can't handle it. Besides, there's no one who catches my eye right away.
“Since that's the case, why not focus on my career? Steven is getting married. Harvey will probably find a girlfriend in a few years and get married too. Passing down the family legacy isn't my responsibility. Staying single is much more carefree."
After listening to Charles, Skylar understood. He was proudly single, seeing everyone else as just average.
“Charles, you make a good point,” she said. She was momentarily at a loss for words but came to that conclusion.
After all, he was right.
"Do you want to have a drink? I can keep you company, and when it stops raining tonight, I'll just call a cab to get me home," Charles offered. Chapter1253
###chapter1246
 
Chapter1253
The large villa definitely had alcohol.
"Yeah, I'll get it." Skylar got up and headed for the wine cab, which was well-stocked with
various wines.
There had been something weighing on her mind all day, so she figured a drink might help ease the tension.
Without realizing it, Skylar and Charles ended up finishing two bottles. As he drank, Charles kept saying, "This is good stuff. It's been a while since I've had wine this nice."
Skylar's tolerance for alcohol had improved a bit, but she still got a bit hazy after drinking. On the other hand, Charles was much more used to it.
His work often required him to drink, and his tolerance had grown significantly. Now, even after all this alcohol, he remained sharp.
He noticed something off about Skylar and decided to pry. "Skye, you seem a bit off today. Is something bothering you? Come on, we're siblings. Why not share it with me? There shouldn't be any secrets between us."
Charles was an expert at getting people to open up over drinks. It was one of his best skills.
Skylar fell silent for a moment. Her eyes started to well up with tears. "I'm afraid something's really happened to Joe."
They had found Paul, but still no news about Joe. Deep down, she was starting to
worst.
guess
the
Charles, immediately understood. Skylar must have heard something today-perhaps some
bad news.
He had originally thought Skylar was rushing back to Murida because there was solid information about Joe. But now it seemed...
Skylar's love life was more complicated than any of the TV shows or movies he had starred in. He felt sorry for her.
"Don't worry. No matter what happens, we'll face it together as a family. Besides, we still don't know if anything has really happened to Joe. Either way, we'll get to the bottom of it, right? Alive or... well, you know what I mean," Charles said.
After Charles finished speaking, he immediately felt a bit regretful. He had probably had too much to drink tonight and didn't think before blurting out something as blunt as, “Alive or...'
Skylar absentmindedly nodded. "Yeah. I've been through so much, seen so many things...
of il
99
2/2
But the pain in her heart was real.
"Exactly! We Sullivans are great at facing things head-on. If there's something to deal with, we deal with it; if there isn't, it's even better. Don't worry, Skye. I've got a strong feeling that fate won't be that cruel to you," Charles said with confidence.
He did have a gut feeling about it. Over the past three years, whenever Charles filmed scenes involving miraculous resurrections or people coming back from the brink of death, he couldn't help but think of Joe.
Maybe Joe would come back like that. It sounded crazy sometimes. But to him, it made sense. It was almost as if it was bound to happen. “Yeah, I feel the same way. I don't think fate would be that cruel." Skylar nodded softly.
But her fear lingered. She feared that while fate had granted her a second chance, it had taken away Joe's opportunity to live.
In the haze of it all, she felt like she was drifting into another dream. In this dream, Joe was there, waiting for her just as he always had. Charles noticed Skylar's sadness and decided not to disturb her.
Just then, his phone rang.
"Isn't today supposed to be a day off? What? You heard my sister's back and want her to help authenticate something? Hmm... tell Mr. Kain to hold
on.
"Let me check with her. She's heading back to Murida in a couple of days, so I'm not sure if
she'll have time."
After hanging up, Charles turned to Skylar and explained the situation. She was now sitting on. the couch, her mind slightly dulled by the alcohol but still alert enough to catch what he was
saying.
“I rescheduled my flight for the day after tomorrow. I'll have time tomorrow,” she replied.
"Great, I'll let them know," Charles said.
"Okay."
With that, Skylar had another task lined up for the next day.
Charles added, "Since we're both going to the set tomorrow, I might as well stay over at your place tonight. Saves me the hassle of running back and forth."
Skylar didn't mind. Galaxy Villa had plenty of guest rooms for Charles to pick from.
"When I was on the phone, I heard your phone buzzing with notifications. You might want to check your messages on WhatsApp," Charles said..
###chapter1247
 
Skylar didn't say anything as she stood up and grabbed her phone. She was worried about missing any updates from Jeremy. There might be news about Paul's situation.
When Skylar finally retrieved her phone and saw a new message on WhatsApp, she was disappointed to find that the message wasn't from Jeremy but from Ned.
Looking at Ned's profile picture, she froze for a moment. She clicked to read the message.
Ned said, "Almost all fights at the airport have been canceled today."
Skylar read the message, unsure of what Ned meant. She wondered if he was just expressing concern for her travel safety.
Noticing that Skylar was staring at her phone in a daze, not replying to any messages, and looking somewhat troubled, Charles asked with concern, "Who is it? Is someone bothering you?"
"It's Ned."
"Ned?" Charles was momentarily confused but soon remembered. "Ned? The guy who looks a lot like Joe?"
He had seen some news during their filming downtime and heard Steven mention Ned. Although people said they resembled each other to Charles, they looked like the same person.
He had been involved in numerous projects over the past few years, including roles where characters fake their own deaths and assume new identities. So when he saw the news, he couldn't help but think that Ned might be a cover for Joe.
However, if Ned really was a cover for Joe, that would be crossing the line. It was one thing to keep secrets, but hiding it from Skylar after making her search for over three years was too
much.
Of course, he realized this was just an unfounded thought and purely his imagination.
Skylar replied, "Yeah, it's him."
"Isn't he supposed to be engaged? Why is he reaching out to you privately? Is he having some kind of inappropriate thoughts about you?" Charles asked, sounding quite alert.
Some people might have appeared polished on the surface, but underneath, they could have been completely unscrupulous.
It was frustrating to think how some men could be so shameless, believing that money gave them the right to act however they pleased.
He was furious. Such men could pursue anyone they wanted, but if they wanted to go after his sister, it would depend on whether he approved. Chapter 12541
"It shouldn't be the case. We've only met a few times, and I added him on WhatsApp when we ran into each other at the hospital. He and Joe share the same issues with headaches and insomnia, so I gave him some advice," Skylar replied honestly.
She wasn't narcissistic enough to believe that someone she barely knew would have any interest in her. Ned was probably just being polite.
Charles raised an eyebrow and said, "Skye, I'm a man, so I know how men think. There's no such thing as a free lunch.
"If a guy is being extra nice to you, it's either because he has ulterior motives or wants something from you. I don't think his intentions are pure, so be careful."
"Okay," Skylar replied with a nod.
After pondering for a moment, she decided to reply to Ned. "The flight I'm on was indeed canceled.”
She placed her phone aside, quickly forgetting about her conversation with Ned. Skylar and Charles decided to take a nap.
When they woke up, it was already 5:00 pm. The rain continued to pour outside. Skylar still hadn't heard anything from Jeremy,
As she stared absently at the wedding photo of herself and Joe on the table, a video call came through.
Seeing it was from Ned, she hesitated but ultimately decided to answer.
However, when the video connected, she was surprised to see Rosa on the other end instead of Ned.
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out!
###chapter1248
 
Claim
Rosa's makeup was exquisite, and she looked stunning.
The moment she saw Skylar, her eyes widened in shock. "So it really is you. A woman's intuition is never wrong.
"I knew you were saying you didn't want to be a mistress, but secretly, you were trying to seduce a married man. Skylar, aren't you being a bit shameless?"
Rosa had never seen Ned chatting privately with anyone on WhatsApp. Moreover, there were not many people on his WhatsApp contacts list. Previously, his conversations with others were all about work-related matters. But now, Ned had actually taken the initiative to ask Skylar whether her flight had been canceled today.
At first, she hadn't immediately thought of Skylar. She just wanted to know who this manipulative fox was.
Later, she stumbled upon some chat records between the two. Although there were only a few Tines and a single photo, it immediately made her think of Skylar.
Her unease flared up like wildfire, prompting her to initiate a video call with Skylar. Upon seeing Skylar's face, her anger boiled over.
Skylar maintained a calm expression and replied, "You can check the chat records. I advise you not to jump to conclusions and assume everyone is a mistress.
"Doing so will only make people think you're constantly worried about someone stealing your fiancé. It shows not only your lack of confidence but also that your relationship may not be as solid as you think."
"Our relationship is legitimate. Don't think I don't know what you're really thinking. You just want to steal someone else's fiancé because yours is dead, right?" Rosa retorted, her face flushed with anger.
At that moment, Charles, who had woken up and come downstairs, unexpectedly snatched the phone from Skylar's hand.
He turned to Rosa and shouted, "You look more like a mistress than anyone. Is your whole family in the mistress business? Take care of your man. If he dares to bother Skye again, don't blame me for exposing him to the media."
Rosa had not anticipated the presence of a male companion, particularly one who was as striking as Ned. His words were filled with fierce protection for Skylar. She wondered where this man came from.
She had hired a private detective and discovered that Skylar was still single and had no boyfriend. She wondered if he was Skylar's new boyfriend.
99
"Who are you? Are you Skylar's boyfriend? Do you even know her? She's been contacting my fiancé privately. You don't mind that, do you? If you are her boyfriend, then you need to keep her in line right now." Rosa snapped angrily as she regained her composure.
Charles was speechless. "Get lost! You and your fiancé better stay together and not come out. here to harm others. Do you have some sort of persecution complex? The man you treasure isn't worth anything here. Just leave!"
After finishing his rant, he hung up.
He then handed the phone back to Skylar. "I thought Ned looked like Joe, with eyes as bright as his, but it turns out he's just blind to the obvious. That woman is hideous, both in appearance and in her mind. If he can fall for her, he's not a good person either. They're both trash, so stay away from him."
"Okay, I'll listen to you," Skylar replied, taking the phone and agreeing while deleting Ned from her contacts. Honestly, it was rather pointless. Seeing that Skylar was obedient, Charles felt a sense of relief. "That woman treats everyone as a potential rival. People like her are either insecure, or she stole someone else's position as a fiancée."
Skylar nodded in agreement.
"I'll go
wash some fruit for you." Charles felt better after saying that.
“Just now, that guy was your boyfriend, right?” Rosa typed and sent the message. But it failed
to send.
The other party was no longer on her contact list
**
Ap
Suddenly, Rosa felt a rush of panic. She had taken advantage of Ned leaving his phone behind to sneak a peek.
If he discovered that she had been spying on him and had contacted Skylar only to find herself blocked, she wouldn't know how to explain it.
###chapter1249
 
In her panic, Rosa quickly deleted all the chat logs and video call records. Then she placed the phone back where she had found it.
Moments later, she took a deep breath and calmed herself.
She didn't really need to feel guilty. Her relationship with Ned was something no one else could compare to. Even if Ned found out she had gone through his phone, he wouldn't mind. Skylar was nothing more than a passing woman in Ned's life.
Maybe he had some fleeting thoughts about wanting to sleep with her, but that was just impulsive. There were no real feelings involved.
Now that Skylar had blocked Ned as a contact, it was probably for the best. Maybe it was her boyfriend who had blocked it after all.
With that thought, Rosa let out a cold laugh.
An hour later, Ned returned to the hotel.
As soon as he entered the room, he reached for his phone. He had forgotten to bring it with him earlier when he left in a rush, and he had realized it while on the way.
He unlocked his phone and immediately checked to see if Skylar had replied to his last message. Unfortunately, she hadn't.
He frowned slightly before tossing the phone aside.
Ned tugged at his tie and headed into the bathroom.
Half an hour later, when he came out, there was a notification for a new message on WhatsApp. He picked up the phone to check.
It was from Rosa. She asked, "Are you back?"
Ned's eyes flickered. "Yeah, not asleep yet?"
Rosa responded, "It's still thundering outside. You know I'm always scared of thunderstorms, so I can't sleep. Can you come and stay with me?" Ned remained expressionless as he replied, "I still have some work to handle. Why don't you watch some TV shows? The thunderstorm will pass soon."
Rosa responded with a simple "Okay" and added a disappointed emoji.
Just as Ned was about to exit WhatsApp, he noticed Skylar's profile picture. He hesitated for a
few seconds before sending a message. "Do you need my help with anything?"
The message didn't go through. He realized he was no longer one of her contacts.
Ned's face darkened instantly. He hadn't expected Skylar to block him. Their recent exchanges seemed fine, but he wondered if she had blocked him to avoid further interaction.
After a brief pause, he set the phone down. If this were what she wanted, he wouldn't disturb her again.
Rosa lay in bed, absently scrolling through her phone. She couldn't sleep, not because of the occasional thunder outside, but because she was worried Ned might discover something. Rosa waited until late into the night, but Ned never came looking for her. She finally let out a sigh of relief.
It seemed Ned didn't care that much about Skylar after all.
She had overestimated Skylar and underestimated her own importance to Ned.
After knowing him for so long, she understood him better than anyone. Ned was always cold and aloof. To him, no one could ever truly reach his heart. Not even her...
###chapter1250
 
Rosa bit her lip, realizing that she was different from others. There was no comparison.
The next day, Skylar first went to the film set with Charles.
Upon arriving at the set, they met the director, Alfred Kain. Alfred was meticulous about the production. Some props were genuine antiques borrowed from friends.
He planned to purchase some items, but he wasn't sure if the ones he rented from the antique shop were genuine.
When he heard from Freddie that Skylar knew such things, he wanted her to come and take a
look.
Skylar found it a simple task, so she immediately inspected the antiques when she arrived. After her thorough examination, she confirmed that everything was in order.
Freddie insisted on giving her a fee, but she declined. While at the film set, she watched Charles perform two scenes, experiencing his acting up close.
Over the past three years, he had grown at an astonishing pace, as if he were soaring through the sky.
Charles had always been a good actor, but now his skills had reached a new level. He immersed himself in the role seamlessly, and even Skylar, who didn't understand acting, could feel the impact of his performance.
It was as if the events were unfolding in real life.
At noon, they enjoyed a meal together. After their lunch, Skylar went to find Janine.
Janine was busy as well. The live-streaming platform had an event scheduled in the coming days, and she was busy coordinating a major promotion for it.
Several streamers would participate in the event, and Muriel would also launch a few new collections during it. The fans were incredibly enthusiastic. "You can rest in the office for now," Janine said. He pushed Skylar into the office and set down a cup of coffee before diving back into work with her employees.
Sitting in the office with her coffee, Skylar suddenly felt the joy of being a trust fund baby. She could truly afford to kick back and relax. It was a genuine sense of taking it easy.
Janine was working so hard. Just look at the size of the company?
workshop to leasing an entire building now.
"Ms. Sullivan, here are the freshly washed fruits.
had grown from a small
Muriel walked over with a plate of freshly washed fruit from the break room. Skylar looked at
her and said, "Thanks! Let's sit down and chat for a bit."
She had heard from Lizzie that the relationship between her and Muriel had improved recently. They were now in frequent contact, and while it might not evolve into anything deeper, being friends was still a positive development for both of them.
Muriel gave a slightly apologetic smile. "I have a live stream coming up soon. Sorry, Ms. Sullivan."
"It's fine. Go ahead and take care of what you need to do," Skylar replied. Once Muriel left, she couldn't help but smile.
She was the only one with nothing to do in this huge company. The nominal boss was actually just a hands-off manager with plenty of free time.
Since she was already there, she decided to check out the live streams. After returning to her desk, she followed a few of her company's streamers using her personal account.
Each streamer had undergone professional training before going live, enabling them to provide thorough explanations about every piece of jewelry they showcased. Eventually, she found herself watching Muriel's stream.
In front of the camera, Muriel appeared confident and charming, with striking features that
flooded the chat with compliments about her beauty.
As Muriel talked about the jewelry she designed, it felt as if those pieces had come to life. Skylar watched for a while, but then Jeremy called her.
She immediately tightened her grip on her phone.
A few seconds later, she answered, "Mr. Hughes."
"Mr. Ziegler's condition is currently stable. He'll be back on the flight the day after tomorrow. With the psychologist's help, he's starting to remember some things. He recalled that he and Joe were in a car accident on their way to the airport, which was followed by a shooting
incident.
"When he woke up, he found himself in an underground factory, and Joe wasn't with him. The others who were held with him in that factory were also the survivors of the car accident.
"The photo was taken by a coworker in the underground factory. He had only a brief moment to access a computer while the factory was busy sending emails. In the chaos, he managed to send me this email and quickly erased all traces of it," Jeremy said.
Skylar's face paled instantly. “So, Mr. Ziegler doesn't know anything about Joe's situation, does he?"
“Skylar, I believe Joe is already... The only ones who were with Mr. Ziegler in the underground factory beside him were a few others who survived the accident. As for those who died on the spot, they were dealt with thoroughly-there's not a trace left behind."
Jeremy sighed heavily, his voice filled with helple
Chapter 125H
###chapter1251
 
Skylar gripped her phone tightly. At that moment, her ears seemed to hear nothing at all.
"We can wait for Mr. Ziegler to return. Once he's physically better, he might remember more," Jeremy said, noticing Skylar's silence and understanding the weight of the blow she was feeling.
It was similar to the shock she experienced three years ago when she first learned about Joe and Paul's disappearance.
Skylar softly responded, "Okay, I understand. Please let me know Mr. Ziegler's flight details. I'll go pick him up."
Not long after their call ended, Jeremy sent over the flight information. Then, she numbly canceled her flight ticket. For a long while, she felt lost in a haze.
"Skye?"
"Skye?"
When Janine entered, she found Skylar in a daze, her face pale and devoid of color. It looked like she had received some terrible news, and Janine felt a deep concern rise within her.
After calling her name and getting no response, she called again. Skylar snapped back to reality and looked at Janine, whose face was filled with concern. "Mom.
"What were you just thinking about? Is something wrong? Or are you feeling unwell?" Janine asked in quick succession.
The person she cared about most was Skylar. Over the past few years, Skylar had been in a foreign land searching for Joe.
Everyone was aware of his situation, but they couldn't bear to shatter her hopes. Now, seeing. Skylar's lost expression, Janine felt a pang of pain and worry in her heart.
Skylar forced a smile, pulling at the corners of her mouth. "It's nothing. I might just be a bit tired from not sleeping well last night. I'll be fine once I go back and rest for a while. You all go ahead and keep busy."
With that, she stood up, grabbed her bag and phone, and walked past Janine.
As Janine watched Skylar leave, she murmured to herself, "It's obvious something is bothering her. Skye has always kept her troubles to herself, not wanting me to worry. After all, she's the child who grew up right under my nose. I can tell when something's off with her. Sigh!"
Skylar left Sullance Group and headed straight to Galaxy Villa.
She had just settled down with a glass of water when she spaced out for a moment. Suddenly, her phone rang again, and she frowned upon seeing the call from Vera.
She didn't have the energy to chat with Vera righ now. After setting her phone down for a bit, Vera called again, followed by several more calls. Finally, Skylar had no choice but to answer.
"Skylar, it's me, Vera. I know you might not want to take my call, but I can't think of anyone
else to contact." Vera's voice sounded frantic.
Skylar was losing her patience. "Just tell me what's going on."
"It's about my dad. He's been seeing someone on the side, and he's been insisting on divorcing my mom for the past few days. My mom can't handle it and is emotionally breaking down. I just took her to see a therapist today, and her condition has stabilized a lot.
“But my dad... He and my mom have always seemed so loving since I can remember. They rarely even argue. I can't believe that my dad, who loves my mom so much, would want to divorce her for another woman.
"Do you think that mistress might be using some sort of negative item?" Vera's voice sounded uncertain as she spoke.
Skylar could tell that Vera's suspicion was mostly speculation. She wasn't sure about the
situation.
Skylar quickly pieced together the situation from Vera's anxious explanation.
After a few more questions, she concluded, "We can't determine if a negative item is involved, but based on what you said, your father has been seeing someone for a while. It doesn't seem like it's related to a negative item."
###chapter1252
 
hapter 1259
Vera said, "If it's not the influence of some negative item, does that mean my dad genuinely thinks that woman is better than my mom? My mom was the top socialite in Jipsburg City back in the day. Suitors would line up just to date her.
"My dad took years to win her over. When I was around ten, my dad started seeing someone on the side. At first, my mom was oblivious. But once she found out, my dad still didn't neglect her because of that woman.
"Eventually, my mom didn't care whether my dad had someone on the side. To her, those women were just distractions bought with money, and I think my dad saw it that way too. But now..." Vera trailed off, feeling increasingly uneasy.
Skylar wasn't in the right frame of mind today, and she listened to Vera's complaints without much emotion. Finally, she replied in a flat tone, "Just encourage Mrs. Ruell to stay positive."
"Sure, I'll talk to her," Vera responded.
"If there's nothing else, I'm hanging up," Skylar said.
"Wait a moment!"
"Is there something else?"
Vera hesitated for a moment before continuing, "I just ran into Ned at Apollo Hospital. It was my first time seeing him in person. He looks just like Joe- almost identical. There's hardly any difference. I have this wild thought-do you think he could actually be Joe?"
As soon as the words left her mouth, Vera felt ridiculous. She realized she was getting carried away by all the TV dramas and novels she had been consuming lately.
Still, she couldn't shake the urge to share it with Skylar.
Skylar paused, then said, "That's not very likely..
Vera laughed nervously. "I'm just throwing out a random idea. I've been so bored lately, watching too many TV dramas and reading novels. Don't take it seriously."
"Got it.'
After ending the call, Skylar felt a bit lost in thought. She recalled Ned and couldn't help but ponder Vera's words. Part of her secretly wished that Ned really was Joe.
Later that evening, she made some instant pasta for dinner.
Janine had called her half an hour ago, asking her to come home for dinner, but she made an
excuse that she had already eaten.
For now, she didn't want Janine and the others to see her in a bad mood-some emotions
needed to be digested alone.
Just as she
finished her pasta, Natalie called.
"Skye, I'm so glad you're still in Jipsburg. I need you right now. I was in a car accident, and I'm so scared."
Skylar's expression changed immediately. "A car accident? Where are you? Don't be scared. Did you call the police? Did you dial 911?" "I'm at the hospital right now, at Apollo Hospital." Natalie sobbed pitifully.
"Just wait for me."
30 minutes later, Skylar arrived at Apollo Hospital. After asking around at the emergency department, she quickly located Natalie. Natalie lay on the hospital bed, a bandage wrapped around her head, and her face was bruised. The leg that was exposed was also wrapped up. When she saw Skylar, she couldn't hold back her tears. "Skylar, you're here! I didn't want to tell my parents because I didn't want to scare them. I'm disfigured, and my leg... has several stitches. The car that hit me was so brutal."
"How are you feeling now? What did the doctor say? Did they do any detailed examinations?" Skylar felt a little relieved. The fact that Natalie could cry meant her injuries weren't too severe.
Natalie replied, “They took some X-rays and said I have a mild concussion."
"What about the driver who hit you?" Skylar asked.
Natalie looked up just as someone approached. She pointed and said, "It's her." Skylar turned to see who it was and was taken aback to discover it was Rosa.
###chapter1253
 
Natalie nodded in response. Rosa was the driver who collided with her.
She couldn't believe the coincidence. She suspected that Rosa didn't have a driver's license and probably didn't know how to drive at all.
Maybe she mistook the gas pedal for the brake. If it hadn't been for Natalie's luck, she might have ended up with injuries far worse than just a concussion.
However, Rosa didn't seem to be faring well either. She had injuries on her head and hands. When she saw Skylar, her expression shifted to one of surprise.
She recognized Natalie. That day at the café, Natalie had called Ned "Joe", but she hadn't expected that Natalie and Skylar were friends.
"what
What a coincidence," Rosa said dryly.
Skylar nodded and replied, "Nath's situation isn't good. She needs to stay in the hospital for
observation."
"I have a dashcam in my car. She's fully responsible for the accident," Natalie added.
This was beyond frustrating. She had been driving home when she encountered a reckless
driver.
Rosa frowned at Natalie's words. "You could have just pressed the gas pedal and avoided this. This accident isn't solely my fault."
"What? Are you kidding me? There were cars in front of me. I couldn't just endanger others to escape your recklessness. Now, I end up being fully responsible for the accident? Are you out of your mind?
"From the moment of the accident until now, you've been shirking responsibility and haven't even apologized. And now you're trying to argue about this?
"Do you even have a driver's license? Are you driving without one? Just wait. I'm not letting this go today."
Natalie was already feeling dizzy from her concussion, but hearing Rosa's words made her
even more furious. She found Rosa's words to be just ridiculous.
Rosa's eyes widened in disbelief as she couldn't believe Natalie had so effortlessly lashed out, cursing without hesitation. "Even if it was my fault, you don't need to be so worked up. You just want me to pay you more, right?"
But she was unwilling to pay. If she hadn't been unfamiliar with the local driving rules, this accident wouldn't have happened. Besides, she was injured now too, and the cut on her head might even leave a scar.
2/2
Skylar had interacted with Rosa a few times before, so she wasn't surprised by Rosa's shamelessness. She turned back to Natalie, her tone gentle. “Just take it easy and rest for now. The police will handle the accident, and the truth will be clear.
“This is a dispute between me and her. Ms. Sullivan, if you have nothing else to discuss, you can leave. Staying here will only complicate our negotiations," Rosa said as she checked the
time.
After being admitted to the hospital, she had called Ned. He should be arriving soon.
She didn't want Ned to see Skylar. It would be easy to offer a little more compensation later. This was such a hassle.
If this were in Murida, she would have just let her lawyer handle it.
Skylar remained expressionless, ignoring Rosa's remark.
some people truly didn't understand their place in the world. Rosa acted as if she held authority, believing she could determine who stayed and who left in the hospital. It was as if she thought this was her home.
Natalie wasn't one to back down easily. "Skylar is my friend. What matters to you if she stays to care for me? Do you think this is your house?
"You can't just tell people to leave. I find you annoying. Just get out of here! Why don't you just wait for the police to contact you?"
She wasn't worried about Rosa leaving. The police had taken her contact information. Even though Rosa's fiancé was Ned, she couldn't escape the situation.
"You!" Rosa was incensed by Natalie's bluntness.
She found Natalie to be completely unreasonable. She then turned her gaze to Skylar.
As expected, Skylar wasn't the kind of person to back down either, and her friend was just as
any decorum. uncivilized. They clearly lacked
###chapter1254
 
X
Natalie rolled her eyes and said, "I don't care what you think. If you want to apologize properly, then do it. I'm easy to talk to. If you don't want to apologize sincerely, then just leave! I don't want to see you."
If Rosa had apologized right after the accident, her attitude would have been a hundred times better than it was now. Of course, Rosa's earlier attitude toward Skylar had only made her more irritated.
Natalie wondered who Rosa thought she was to tell Skylar what to do.
Rosa's face flushed with anger. "Fine! There's nothing more to discuss with you."
A deep voice interrupted just as she was about to turn and leave. "Where are you hurt?"
The moment Ned's voice rang out, it was the reassurance Rosa had been longing for. But as soon as she heard it, her brow furrowed in annoyance. She didn't want Ned to see Skylar.
Still, she turned to Ned, tears welling in her eyes as she said, “My hand and my head are injured. Luckily, it's not too serious."
"Why were you driving?" Ned glanced at Rosa's injuries before coldly asking.
When they were in Murida, Rosa struggled with her driving skills and had been in several accidents. Though none were severe, they caused a lot of trouble.
Feeling a bit guilty under his questioning gaze, Rosa replied, "I didn't expect to rear-end someone. I don't think it's my fault."
"Yes, yes, you rear-ended someone because they had no right to be driving on the road. Isn't the best scenario for you to be the only car on the highway?
"It's a tragedy for all law-abiding drivers when a road killer like you gets behind the wheel. By the way, you're fine while I have a concussion." Natalie couldn't hold back anymore, exasperated by Rosa's ignorance.
It was obvious she had rear-ended someone, yet she still insisted it wasn't her fault. At that moment, Ned realized there were others present in the room. He glanced at Natalie on the hospital bed.
As he was about to look away, his gaze suddenly caught on Skylar, and he froze. Their eyes locked, and Skylar felt a wave of awkwardness wash over her.
After all, she had just blocked him and thought she wouldn't see him again. To her surprise, in the blink of an eye, they found themselves face to face once more. The coincidence struck Skylar as she thought just how small Jipsburg really was.
However, she still nodded slightly at Ned. His profound and inscrutable gaze left her unsure of
what he was thinking.
Perhaps he was concerned about Rosa's condition after the accident. However, Skylar had no time to dwell on his thoughts.
However, Ned's unusual glance at Skylar made Natalie sense that something was off. She blinked, realizing it couldn't just be the lingering effects of her concussion that made her feel this way.
Ned had feelings for Skylar. When he had seen Rosa and heard about her injuries, his
expression had remained flat. But the moment he laid eyes on Skylar, his expression changed completely.
Rosa noticed Ned's gaze fixed on Skylar. Already pale from the accident, her complexion grew even worse at the sight.
Pulling Ned close, she said, "I know I shouldn't have driven, but I was so bored in Jipsburg. After the accident, I was really scared. I promise I won't drive again, okay?"
"Okay," Ned replied with a nod.
Then he turned back to Skylar. "Since the accident is clearly our fault, let's discuss compensation."
Skylar was taken aback by his words and the fact that he was looking at her again.
Natalie quickly chimed in, “Skylar is my best friend, so you can discuss the compensation matter directly with her."
###chapter1255
 
It would be better to talk to Ned than Rosa, who refused to acknowledge her mistakes from start to finish. Besides, Natalie felt that Ned had ulterior motives when it came to Skylar.
As she stared at his face, a series of suspicions flooded her mind. She was convinced that Ned was indeed Joe. It didn't make sense that two people who weren't related by blood could look so alike.
It wasn't just a resemblance. They were the same person. Natalie felt certain of it.
On top of that, she couldn't stand Rosa. Seeing her upset made Natalie happy.
At this moment, morals were the least of her concerns. Rosa's misfortune was her source of satisfaction.
Rosa's eyes widened. "Ned, why don't you get a lawyer to handle this? You have so much work to deal with. There's no need to waste your time talking to them in person.
"It's just a matter of compensation, anyway. Or, we could wait until all my medical tests are done, and I can talk to them later."
She didn't want Skylar and Ned to have any private interaction. Moreover, there was a touch of guilt gnawing at her over the fact that Skylar had blocked Ned on WhatsApp.
"There's no need. I'll talk to her now. You go back to your ward and rest." Ned's tone was firm and left no room for debate.
For a moment, Rosa was at a loss for words.
Turning to Skylar, Ned said, "Let's talk at the café across from the hospital. It's quiet and a good place to discuss this."
After speaking, Ned turned and walked off without waiting for Skylar's response. Rosa bit her lip and glanced back at Skylar, her eyes filled with a mix of frustration and unease.
Once they were gone, Natalie turned to Skylar and said, "Skylar, can you help me handle the negotiation? I asked the car dealership about the repair costs for my car. They said it
amounted to a few thousand dollars.
"Plus, with my injuries and hospital stay, that adds another 18,000 dollars. Not to mention the concussion and lost wages from work. In total, it's going to be at least 100,000 dollars."
She didn't really need the 100,000 dollars, but she wanted to make sure the person at fault paid for their mistakes.
“Alright, I'll handle it. You just focus on resting. Call me if you need anything," Skylar agreed.
Although she wasn't keen on facing Ned, considering how awkward it was to discuss matters in this situation, she knew she had to fight for Natalie's rights.
The café across the hospital wasn't large, and there weren't many people around. It was quiet, the perfect setting for their conversation.
"What would you like to drink?" Ned asked.
Skylar shook her head. "I don't usually drink coffee at this time. Just water will do."
Ned ordered a glass of water and a latte from the waiter.
Skylar lowered her gaze, trying to figure out how to bring up the 100,000-dollar-
compensation. She hoped her conversation with Ned wouldn't take too long. She feared Rosa would overthink it and start bothering her again.
While she was lost in thought, Ned suddenly asked, "Why did you block me?"
Skylar was taken aback, not expecting him to ask that.
"pidn't
'Didn't Ms. Reese mention it to you?"
"Her?" Ned raised an eyebrow. Upon seeing Skylar's shocked expression, he quickly deduced
the reason.
It seemed that when he forgot his phone, Rosa had used it to video call her.
S
Realizing Ned's reaction, Skylar pieced together what had happened. Rosa had secretly made her a video call without Ned's knowledge.
Just yesterday, she had assumed that Ned was right there beside Rosa.
But none of that mattered now.
"Let's talk about the accident. Ms. Reese rear-ended my friend at full speed, making her fully responsible for this incident. Therefore, you'll need to cover the costs of the repairs, as well as my friend's hospital bills and other related expenses," Skylar said to Ned calmly.
###chapter1256
 
Ned furrowed his brows. "Just tell me how much you're asking for in compensation. It's important to clarify that Rosa reaching out to you yesterday was not my intention, and I was unaware of it."
Upon hearing his words, Skylar was taken aback for a moment. "Oh, my friend is asking for 100,000 dollars in compensation. As for Ms. Reese contacting me, I don't mind.
"However, please make it clear to her that I've only met you a few times and haven't spoken much on WhatsApp, so there's nothing going on between us. I would appreciate it if she doesn't bother me anymore."
Ned's frown deepened, a hint of irritation flickering in his eyes at her words. Skylar had no choice but to voice her thoughts.
She continued, “I can forgive Ms. Reese. It's clear she lacks some sense of security, so perhaps you could spend more time with her. Since you have no ions to my proposed
compensation, I hope the payment can be processed quickly. I won't disturb you any further."
With that, she stood up, ready to leave.
Ned pressed his lips together, feeling a mix of frustration and confusion as he observed Skylar's cold demeanor. She was setting clear boundaries, and her indifference only intensified his annoyance. Almost instinctively, he called out, "Wait."
Skylar paused and turned back to him. "Is there something else, Mr. Sowle?"
"Add me back on WhatsApp." His voice was low and firm. Since he realized it wasn't her choice to block him but rather a result of Rosa's actions, he asked her to add him back.
For some reason, a voice inside him insisted that Skylar shouldn't be cold to him and that her name should be visible in his contacts list.
When he opened his WhatsApp, he wanted to see her profile picture as if she were right there
beside him.
This feeling had been especially strong just earlier in the hospital. Even when she was trying to set boundaries, he felt an urge to pull her into his embrace.
This was a feeling he had never experienced before. It was unsettling and out of his control.
Skylar was momentarily stunned, thinking she must have misheard him. "This isn't necessary, is it? You wouldn't want your fiancée to misunderstand, would you?"
But when she caught the hint of dominance in Ned's gaze, it was like seeing Joe standing before her instead of Ned.
In the past, Joe had shown a similarly domineering side when he was in front of her. He would
look at her with that deep gaze as if there was an unspoken affection drawing her in
Ned was momentarily speechless, his tightly pressed lips betraying a hint of tension. The air around him felt as if it had cooled several degrees Fahrenheit.
Skylar quickly snapped back to reality, separating the images of Ned and Joe in her mind. "I'll be leaving now. Goodbye."
Ned didn't call after her again. His expression darkened instead. Skylar's rejection stung like a slap, waking him up to the moment.
He realized he had acted irrationally. He shouldn't have said those things. He would likely never have another chance to see Skylar again, and he definitely shouldn't have made Rosa feel upset.
He pressed his fingers against his temple, feeling a twinge of annoyance as he recalled how he had lost control around Skylar several times since they had met.
A dull ache began to throb in his head, intensifying with each passing moment.
The image of the woman from his dreams began to crystallize, transforming more and more into Skylar.
He had always been indifferent to romantic feelings. In the past two years, many women had tried to get his attention, yet none had stirred anything in him.
His feelings for Rosa had been more about obligation than affection.
But now, he found himself inexplicably attracted to Skylar, a woman he had only met a few times. Whenever he saw her, he not only struggled to control his heart, but his body also reacted. He felt an urge to embrace her and kiss her.
Ned never imagined he would lose control like his.
He pressed his fingers harder against his brow. Thankfully, he would soon be leaving Jipsburg and wouldn't have to see Skylar again.
###chapter1257
 
After leaving the café, Skylar returned to the hospital. Just as she was about to push open the door to the ward, she caught sight of Austin and Natalie inside through the half-open door. Taking a step back, she decided not to interrupt them.
Austin had just finished slicing an apple. "Give it a try and see if it's good," he said, offering Natalie a piece.
Natalie shook her head, still feeling a bit dizzy and lacking an appetite. "I can't eat right now, Mr. Powell. You have it."
Austin didn't push her. He understood that Natalie was struggling with the lingering effects of her concussion. He had experienced the discomfort of a concussion himself when he had accidentally fallen while filming, so he knew how unpleasant it could be.
"Mr. Powell, you've still got scenes to film. Don't waste your time sitting here with me. I'll be fine. I just need to rest," Natalie said, feeling a bit awkward.
For the past couple of days, her mind had been in turmoil. She was still unsure how to respond to Austin's feelings.
It was precisely because she felt so confused that she recognized her own feelings for him. Noticing her evasive demeanor, Austin understood what she was thinking. He said, "I don't have any scenes today. I'll stay here, and you can sleep."
Natalie genuinely felt unwell, and even talking made her feel like she might faint. Sometimes, she even felt nauseous.
She had never had such minor accidents before, and now a car accident had left her with a concussion. She truly felt unlucky.
With a soft hum of acknowledgment, she let him stay. She wasn't sure how much time had passed, but she vaguely heard the voices of her parents speaking to Austin. She caught snippets of laughter and heard her parents say something about “taking care of her" before they left.
Since her head was still spinning, she couldn't clearly make out what they said. Eventually, she drifted back to sleep, feeling as if it were all a dream. When she finally woke up again, she realized it was dark outside. But Austin was still there. Just as she was about to speak, someone knocked on the door.
(
Austin went to answer it, and Natalie seized the opportunity to sit up.
Natalie's expression changed upon seeing who had walked in. Austin also looked surprised, but he quickly regained his composure and greeted the newcomer. "Mr. Hughes."
Jeremy's expression darkened the moment he laid eyes on Austin, but he nodded in
acknowledgment.
He stepped forward and turned directly to Natalie. "I heard from your parents that you were in a car accident. How are you feeling now?"
He understood better than anyone that Natalie was afraid of pain and had a timid nature. Given that she had a concussion from the car accident, she must be feeling frightened.
Natalie shook her head as she glanced at Austin before replying, "I feel better now. It's not as bad as before. The doctors have taken care of my injuries, so there's nothing to worry about. Thank you for coming to see me."
Jeremy looked deeply at Natalie, relieved to hear her say that. "I'm glad to hear that. If anything comes up, don't hesitate to call me."
After saying that, Jeremy didn't linger and walked out. Natalie understood that his demeanor signaled he had made up his mind about something. "I'm stepping out for a bit. If you get bored, feel free to play on your phone," Austin said to Natalie.
Natalie nodded obediently. "Okay."
Outside the ward, Jeremy didn't leave immediately. He waited in the hallway and looked over when Austin stepped out of the ward.
Austin walked a few steps toward Jeremy. "Are you serious about his?" Jeremy asked directly.
"Yeah, I want her. She's the only one for me." Austin had only made two serious decisions in his life-to pursue acting and to be with Natalie.
Hearing the determination in Austin's calm voice made Jeemy's throat ache. Long ago, he had made a similar decision.
###chapter1258
 
However, Jeremy lacked the resolve in his relationship with Natalie and wavered.
Over the past two years, he had grown close to Helena. Though there were no deep feelings involved, he couldn't deny the physical attraction between them.
He knew he couldn't go back to the way things were with Natalie. He had lost her.
Just as he reached for a cigarette, he remembered that he was in a hospital. "Take good care of her," he said before turning to leave.
Austin raised an eyebrow in surprise: He-furrowed his brow as he watched Jeremy walk away.
That evening, Skylar returned to Janine's home, Rosestone Residence. Today, Steven had brought Mona home for dinner.
Skylar had initially wanted to help Janine in the kitchen, but Janine firmly refused. She insisted that Mona was not an outsider and had often joined them for meals. She said six dishes were enough for them and urged Skylar to rest.
Seeing Janine so insistent, Skylar decided against offering help. Instead, she thought about tidying up the house, only to realize that Janine was exceptionally capable. The place was spotless.
She settled down on the couch and picked up a book. It was a book about negative items that Minerva had given her.
For the past few days, she had struggled to concentrate on it. But now she had some time, she decided to read it thoroughly.
Earlier, Alexander had told her that they were close to identifying that person. He had advised her not to rush into leaving, as they might have results by the end of the month. She had indeed canceled her flight.
First, she needed to meet Paul before making any further decisions. Janine prepared two dishes and brought them to the table, glancing at Skylar on the couch.
Seeing Skylar so engrossed in her reading made Janine sigh internally. Skylar always evoked a sense of pity in her.
She hoped Joe could return soon if he were still alive. Not wanting Skylar to catch her looking sad, Janine hurried back to the kitchen to finish preparing the remaining four dishes.
She had two burners going, with all the ingredients prepped and chopped, so all she needed to do was stir-fry. Meanwhile, Steven and Mona were on the road.
For some reason, they were stuck in traffic, and it was already 8:00 pm.
Chapter 1265.
"Why don't I just tell Mrs. Sullivan to proceed with dinner first? I don't want them waiting for us and letting the food get cold. They might be starving by now," Mona suggested as she glanced ahead.
The bridge was packed with cars. A nearby night market likely caused the congestion..
Steven checked the navigation, and it showed that the only bottleneck was the last 300 feet." We're almost ther
so let's not worry them. They'll just insist on waiting for us if we say something."
“Okay, fine. I'll look for bridesmaid dresses in the meantime,” Mona said as she pulled out her phone to browse.
As the first of her friends to get married, she wanted to choose the perfect dresses. When her friends saw Steven, they all privately asked her how she managed to snag such a high-quality
guy.
She playfully acted mysterious and told them to check out her book, which had all the answers, but the most important thing was that she was charming enough.
Thinking back on the jokes with her friends made her smile secretly.
"What's so funny? Tell me," Steven asked, a smile creeping onto his lips as if he had caught some of Mona's infectious joy.
Mona was always easy to cheer up. It seemed that anything could make her happy.
"I have no secrets in front of you, Steven. My friends asked how I managed to get you," Mona replied.
"Oh? What did you say?" Mona's cheeks flushed slightly, and she avoided Steven's gaze.
“I said it's all about my charm. I'm not bragging. It's the truth! If it weren't for my charm, how could you have lost control after drinking and ended up with me?"
###chapter1259
 
Steven couldn't suppress a joyful smile as he said, "You're right."
That day, he truly lost control. It seemed that Mona herself hadn't realized just how attractive
she was.
He hadn't drunk much that day, just enough to stay rational. However, under her starry, doe- like eyes, he completely lost control.
Mona immediately smiled and said, “Actually, I was also tempted by your appearance."
After drinking that day, her heart had raced. She found it hard to resist looking at Steven's face and wanted something to happen between them.
But she was timid. Such thoughts only spun around in her mind, and she never dared to act on
them.
As they talked, they had already passed through the congested area. A few minutes later, they found themselves driving smoothly to their destination.
Once in the elevator, Steven couldn't help himself as he looked at Mona. He immediately wrapped his arms around her and kissed her.
When Skylar opened the door a few minutes later, she was taken aback to see Mona with slightly swollen lips and flushed cheeks. Luckily, she understood what had just happened.
Skylar glanced knowingly at the guilty Steven and said, "Mom is cooking. She just noticed a lone salmon in the fridge and decided to make us some baked salmon."
"Wow! Baked salmon? I just saw someone posting about that on Instagram, and I was craving it. I've had Mrs. Sullivan's baked salmon before, and it's incredibly delicious. Better than what I've had at restaurants." Mona's eyes sparkled with excitement at the mention of the dish.
In truth, Steven's cooking was also excellent. Now, she remembered one of Steven's strengths. He was a great cook.
At first, she had actively pursued Steven, thinking she could win his heart through her culinary skills. Unfortunately, her cooking was only mediocre. She could only cook carbonara spaghetti well enough to make it somewhat appetizing.
In the end, it was Steven who had won her over with his cooking skills. Remembering how he had playfully teased her in the elevator made her heart race even faster. She realized she was completely enchanted by him in every way.
Skylar couldn't help but smile when she saw Mona gazing at Steven with adoration. "I love it too! I can even smell the baked salmon from here." "I'm going to help in the kitchen and steal some cooking tips," Mona exclaimed as she
bounced into the kitchen.
In the background, Skylar could vaguely hear the cheerful conversation between Mona and Janine coming from the kitchen.
Steven turned to Skylar after watching Mona enter the kitchen. "You canceled your flight, right?"
"Yeah, I canceled it. I'll stick to the original plan and leave on schedule. If all goes well, I'll return to Murida in half a month." Skylar nodded.
Steven looked slightly worried as he asked, "What about Mr. Ziegler's flight tomorrow?"
"He should arrive tomorrow morning. He's not doing well now. Jeremy said a psychologist would be accompanying him back, and he might need to see a therapist when he returns," Skylar said, feeling a knot in her stomach.
Over the past three years, Paul had endured unimaginable torment-experiences that many could hardly fathom.
If Joe was still alive, then the fact that there had been no news of him in three years suggested that he might be suffering the same fate as Paul. Just thinking about it felt like someone was pricking her heart with a needle.
Noticing the paleness of Skylar's face, Steven quickly reassured her. "We've waited more than three years. One more day won't make a difference. As for Joe... Skye, you need to let it go."
Knowing now that Paul and Joe hadn't been together and that only Paul had been trapped for three years was enough to prove that Joe had likely died.
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out!
Claim
C
Jacky's face was equally serious. "Yeah, it's exactly like that."
Over the past couple of days, they had spoken with Paul over the phone. His three years of inhumane experiences had transformed him completely. The once cocky and talkative Paul was a shadow of his former self. This change was also because of Joe.
Jacky glanced at Skylar. Noticing her pale expression, he said with concern, "We'll be here to help Mr. Ziegler recover. You don't have to-
"I'm fine. Three years ago, when we went to Murida, some things happened. I've come to terms with all the possible outcomes," Skylar said with a slight smile, the corners of her lips gently lifting.
Jacky and Howard exchanged a look. They knew how resilient Skylar was, but they also worried that Paul's current condition might make her think of Joe.
Over the past few days, they had come to a mutual understanding-they believed Joe was no longer alive.
Soon, the flight arrived, and passengers slowly began to emerge from the gate. Many people were greeted by the ones they were waiting for, and they looked forward with eager anticipation.
Howard and Jacky had seen their fair share of intense situations, but as they waited, both felt their palms grow damp with sweat.
Out of the corner of their eyes, they noticed Skylar standing nearby, calmly smiling. Compared to their nerves, she seemed truly composed. Just then, three people walked out together.
At first, Skylar didn't recognize them.
Paul had lost so much weight that he was almost unrecognizable. His face was hidden behind a mask, but visible scars ran across his forehead. His eyes remained lowered, avoiding any eye
contact.
The people next to him were a psychologist, Gene Benson, and a bodyguard, Winthrop Keller.
The moment Jacky and Howard spotted Paul, their eyes reddened. They had known him for many years. In addition to working together, they were close friends outside of work as well.
Paul used to be outgoing, highly capable, and full of energy-traits that made him an ideal candidate for Joe's assistant.
But after three years of being away, when he reappeared, it was like he was fading into the
Cha
###chapter1260
 
hapter 1267
It seemed almost unbelievable, even impossible, that someone like Joe could be dead. But
throughout the past few centuries, history has been filled with the tragic tales of young heroes whose lives were cut short too soon.
Skylar pressed her lips together, silent for a moment. She nodded slightly under Steven's concerned gaze and said, “I know what I have to do next, Steven. Don't worry."
She had already braced for the worst outcome for the sake of her family and herself.
Seeing her nod, Steven felt slightly more at ease. Skylar quickly changed the subject. "Steven, Mona really loves you."
Anyone could see that Mona's whole heart was devoted to Steven. Her feelings were genuine and pure.
Steven's lips curved into a smile, his whole demeanor softening with happiness. He nodded and said, "I love her just as much."
He knew how lucky he was to have met Mona and intended to cherish her for the rest of his
life.
After a few minutes, Janine had finished preparing the baked salmon. Although she initially planned to make only six dishes, the table was soon filled with eight dishes and a bowl of soup -a feast of delicious food.
Janine was truly capable. During dinner, they discussed some details about the wedding. It was Janine's first time to be mother-in-law, and she seemed a bit nervous.
It was also Skylar's first time as a sister-in-law, and in the cheerful atmosphere, she offered a few suggestions as well. Dinner lasted until 11:00 pm. Steven then drove Mona home while Skylar stayed behind at the house.
As they relaxed, Janine sighed and said, "Time flies so fast. In the blink of an eye, you are all grown up. Harvey is about to graduate from college, and Steven is getting married. Soon enough, I'll be a grandma, and you'll be an aunt. Life just keeps getting better, don't you think, Skye?"
"Yes, I can't wait to be an aunt. Mom, I know you've been worried about me. While I've been away from Jipsburg and not by your side these past three years, I've caused you constant worry. That was my failing as a daughter.
“But Grandma has been so kind to me, and her health is failing. She doesn't have much time left, maybe a year or two at most. I want to be there for her. After that, I'll come back and spend more time with you."
Skylar leaned in, wrapping her arms around Janine and resting her head on her shoulder. Her
eyes stung slightly, and Janine's eyes grew red as well.
She gently patted Skylar's back and said, “Alright, alright, go ahead and take care of Gloria. She only has you now. As for me, I still have your brothers and now a daughter-in-law. Honestly, don't worry.
"My life is quite full these days. I have my career, and you all have your own paths to follow. Thinking back, 10 or 20 years ago, I couldn't have dreamed of this. It's like a dream come true."
Skylar hugged Janine tighter. “Things will only get better from here, Mom.”
The next morning, Skylar arrived at the airport early, worried about missing the pickup time due to traffic.
Howard and Jacky were also there. Jeremy couldn't get away from his busy schedule, but with the three of them picking up Paul, there was no need to worry.
They hadn't told Paul's family about finding him yet. It was Paul's request. Given the state he was in now, he didn't want to cause any concern to his family.
"I looked into Mr. Ziegler's condition over the past few days. The injuries on his face aren't the main issue. A little cosmetic surgery, and they'll be fine. But the trauma he's been through ... that's not something surgery can fix so easily," Howard said with a frown.
###chapter1261
 
pter1268
background. He was thinner, his face covered in scars, and he seemed to avoid eye contact as much as possible.
After a brief moment of shock, both Howard and Jacky quickly moved forward.
"Mr. Ziegler," they called out softly, their voices low but loud enough for him to hear.
Paul lifted his head slowly at the sound of the familiar voice. His movement was hesitant and
deliberate.
When he finally looked up, he met Howard and Jacky in the eyes. For a moment, his eyes sparkled with recognition but quickly turned blank.
He likely wanted to greet them as he once did, but years of habit had taken their toll. Just as he was about to show some emotion, his expression transformed into one of neutrality as he nodded at them.
The changes in Paul and his instinctive reactions tugged at the hearts of the two men, causing their eyes to well with tears.
Skylar approached Paul and said, “Mr. Ziegler, this is Jipsburg. You're home now.
Here, no one could harm him again. She believed Paul would regain the confidence he once
had.
Paul turned sharply when he heard Skylar's voice, his eyes widening in surprise as they quickly filled with tears. His hands clenched into fits of excitement.
He watched as Skylar repeatedly whispered, "I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry."
He felt he had failed to protect Joe when he hadn't returned with him, and he didn't deserve to be Joe's assistant.
At that moment, it seemed Paull was trapped in a terrifying cycle, endlessly repeating those
words.
Skylar's expression shifted as she urged, “Listen to me. You haven't let anyone down. We know what happened."
"Mr. Ziegler, look at us," Howard said, his face pale. He took a few deep breaths to calm himself before trying to reassure Paul.
But Paul seemed to have locked himself away in a space no one could prate, continuing to repeat his apologies.
###chapter1262
 
Gene looked at Skylar, Howard, and Jacky and said, "The airport environment is a bit noisy. You all are familiar faces to him, especially the presence of this lady, which may be
overwhelming for him to process right now.
"Let's leave the airport for now. However, it may not be a bad thing. His condition has been fluctuating."
Howard and Jacky exchanged glances, understanding the implication. Howard, being a doctor, could infer the gravity of the situation.
Paul's mental state had been severely affected, with Joe's death and the traumatic experiences of the past three years taking a heavy toll on him. Surviving until today had not been easy.
Skylar spoke softly to Paul, “It's okay. It's okay. The most important thing is that you're back."
Paul seemed not to hear her at first. After a few seconds, he finally looked up at Skylar with red
eyes. The apologies that had been tumbling from his lips finally ceased.
"Let's go. It's too noisy here. You must be tired from the flight. Let's get in the car and rest for a bit," Skylar said gently.
Paul stared at her earnestly and slowly nodded in response.
Seeing Paul calm down, Gene displayed a look of surprise. Howard and Jacky both felt a wave
of relief wash over them.
They struggled to accept the reality of the situation. Paul's transformation was staggering.
Once they were in the car, everyone fell silent. Paul got in and immediately became particularly quiet, closing his eyes and falling asleep shortly after. Gene and Winthrop were equally exhausted, their eyes shut as they rested.
The car was eerily quiet until they arrived at the hospital.
After arranging Paul's admission and conducting a series of tests, Howard and Jacky canceled all their appointments for the day to stay by Paul's side in the ward.
Meanwhile, Skylar went to speak with the doctor, Chase Maldonado, about Paul's condition.
The results from the tests conducted in Murida were similar to those here, indicating he would
need.some time in the hospital for treatment. As for the scars on his face, Chase could perform surgery whenever Paul consented.
The leading psychologist in Jipsburg was available on call. She stood in the hospital corridor, momentarily disoriented. Chapter 1269
Paul's repeated apologies had erased any lingering Illusions in her heart.
Just as she leaned against the wall, feeling a bit weak, someone suddenly grabbed her arm. A deep, familiar voice resonated above her, "Are you okay?"
The cool tone had an undeniable warmth laced with genuine concern. Skylar's spine stiffened at the sound as if it were a mirage in a shimmering pool, something her mind had conjured. She looked up, tears glistening in her eyes as she gazed at the man in front of her.
"You're back, right?" Her voice came out hoarse with emotion.
Ned's expression changed abruptly. He stared intently at Skylar. The sight of her tear-filled eyes made his heart ache, nearly choking him. He realized she was mistaking him for Joe.
If it were anyone else mistaking him for Joe, he would have felt some annoyance. Yet, for some reason, seeing this woman view him as Joe only deepened his pain.
He even felt an impulse to embrace her.
Just then, a voice abruptly cut in, pulling Skylar back to reality. "What are you two doing? Ned, what's going on?"
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward!
###chapter1263
 
Play
Skylar suddenly recognized the man in front of her. It was Ned. He furrowed his brow and turned to look at the source of the voice.
Rosa approached quickly, her demeanor tense, as if she were facing an enemy. Skylar regained her composure just as Rosa reached them. In a low voice, she said to Ned, "I'm sorry."
She had mistaken him for someone else once again.
"What were you two talking about?" Rosa demanded, her eyes narrowing in suspicion as she stood before them.
Rosa had only come in for a routine check-up after a car accident. However, during the examination, they discovered a cyst on her ovary, leading to an unexpected hospital stay and surgery scheduled for the next few days.
Unexpectedly, Skylar was at the hospital again today. She happened to run into Ned, who had just arrived.
Rosa didn't understand why Skylar kept showing up in front of Ned. Moreover, the way they locked eyes just moments ago made it feel like everyone else around them was irrelevant. The entire world belonged to just the two of them.
Even standing there, facing both of them, she felt like the most superfluous presence.
Skylar replied coolly, "It was nothing."
After saying that, she turned to head toward Paul's ward.
As she passed Rosa, she suddenly felt Rosa's grip tighten on her arm. Rosa confronted her with a challenging tone, "What's got you flustered? Skylar, why do I feel like you're hiding something?"
She had seen the two of them gazing at each other with deep affection as if they weren't even speaking. Yet, it felt like thorns were growing in her heart. The discomfort was unbearable,
and she couldn't shake it off.
"Rosa, let her go," Ned said in a low voice.
Rosa's grip on Skylar's arm trembled slightly. She bit her lip, unwilling to back down.
Before Rosa could release her grip, Skylar brushed off Rosa's hand. "If you keep acting like this, maybe I should really think about why you're so on edge. Are you afraid of something?"
If it was merely jealousy over her trying to win Ned's affection, then Rosa shouldn't lack
confidence in herself.
Rosa's actions were tinged with insecurity. Skylar observed her thoughtfully, taking in the signs of her discomfort. Chapter 1270
Caught off guard by Skylar's probing question, Rosa's anxiety deepened.
"I'm just curious about what you two were talking about. After all, you were standing so close together, it's easy to misinterpret things," she blurted out.
She then turned to Ned and added, "Ned, maybe it's because I had the car accident and am facing surgery soon, so I'm being overly sensitive. I didn't mean to make things awkward."
Then she looked back at Skylar and said, "I'm sorry, I overreacted just now."
Skylar raised an eyebrow, pondering the apology. "It's fine."
With that, she turned to leave, casting one last glance at Ned.
As Rosa watched Skylar walk away, she bit her lip and said, "Ned, I can't help but feel that this isn't just my imagination. You've been acting differently around Skylar lately. Do you find her attractive? If you like her, I'll step aside and let you two be together."
Her last statement was laced with a sense of vulnerability.
Ned's expression remained unreadable as he replied, "You're overthinking it."
Seeing Ned's straightforward response, Rosa quickly suppressed the urge to respond with a feigned sweetness. The tactics that had worked on others seemed ineffective with Skylar.
She couldn't shake the thought that if she suggested breaking up, Ned would agree without a moment's hesitation.
That was a risk she couldn't take.
"I heard Natalie is being discharged today, so why is Skylar back in the hospital? Is she here to run into you on purpose? It's not like it hasn't happened before,” Rosa said, deliberately casting doubt on Skylar's intentions.
Chapter1271
###chapter1264
 
After saying that, Rosa waited for Ned's response, but he remained silent for a long moment. When she turned to look at him, she found him gazing thoughtfully at her with his deep-set eyes. Her heart skipped a beat.
Suddenly, she realized how impulsive her words and actions had been. They seemed rather unreasonable.
"I'm not feeling well, so I'm going to rest for a bit. Ned, I can handle things here at the hospital, so you don't have to worry," Rosa quickly said, adopting a submissive tone.
Ned nodded as he processed her words. Over the past two to three years, he had always been like this-cold and distant, speaking as little as possible. However, at that moment, Rosa felt something was off, but she couldn't show it before him.
Skylar arrived at Paul's ward only to find him sound asleep. Howard gestured for her to step out of the ward, and they both went into the hallway.
"Mr. Ziegler's condition is worse than I expected. He sometimes experiences memory confusion. Just before he fell asleep, he said that if Mr. Martin called, he wanted to be woken up,"
"Howard said, his eyes still red.
Skylar nodded. "Dr. Maldonado also told me his situation requires gradual recovery, and we can't rush it. I'll be in Murida handling his affairs during this time. You and Mr. Lourdes can visit whenever you have time."
Howard agreed with a nod. "We'll come to the hospital whenever we can. The Mr. Ziegler I know isn't someone who easily gets knocked down. He will pull through this. Gene also said that familiar and stable surroundings would help him recover quickly."
Just then, Jacky came out of the ward and looked at the two of them. "Mr. Ziegler is sleeping soundly. He probably won't wake up for another hour or two. I have a tricky case at the law
firm that requires my attention, but I'll come back when I have time in the next couple of days.
11
"Okay, go ahead," Skylar replied.
Howard checked the time. "I have a meeting with a friend, a psychologist, in an hour. I want to discuss some things with him."
After they both left, Skylar returned to the ward.
Skylar sat down on the nearby couch. It was then that she noticed several unread WhatsApp messages on her phone. After opening the messages, she realized they were all from Steven.
Steven was inquiring about Paul's condition. She glanced up at the sleeping Paul and typed
217
back. "He's already been admitted to the hospital His condition is similar to when he was still in Murida. If he takes good care of himself, he should recover soon."
After sending the message, she was about to stand up from the couch when she suddenly heard a frantic whisper. "Ned... don't die. We will escape."
Paul's repeated calls to Ned surprised Skylar, but she couldn't hear him clearly.
As she listened closely, disbelief washed over her as she looked at Paul. She wondered if Paul was calling for Ned.
He must be, but she couldn't comprehend how he could know him. She thought that she had misheard.
After being locked in that underground factory for three years, Paul, who had had no contact with the outside world during that time, somehow knew about Ned.
A wave of confusion washed over her, filling her mind with questions.
Paul was not sleeping soundly. He seemed to be plagued by nightmares, struggling to break free but unable to do so. His scared face was tightly contorted in distress.
The clarity of his panic and helplessness was almost palpable.
###chapter1265
 
Paul continued to say something, but his voice was too soft, hurried, and anxious to be
understood.
Skylar was still reeling from the shock of hearing Ned's name. Neither Jeremy, Gene, nor Winthrop, who had come with him from Murida, mentioned that Paul knew Ned.
She understood she might be overthinking it. Ned could simply be a coincidence, as "Ned" was a common first name and might refer to someone else entirely. After all, many people had been imprisoned with Paul at that underground factory.
Paul had been sleeping for two hours and still showed no signs of waking up.
Just then, Jeremy arrived.
Jeremy looked a bit weary as if he hadn't slept well the night before.
"You said he mentioned Ned?" Jeremy asked, surprised by Skylar's revelation.
Skylar nodded. "It was just the two of us in the ward, and it was very quiet. I don't think I
misheard."
Jeremy looked at the sleeping Paul in disbelief. If he meant the Ned we know, how does he know him?"
That question would have to wait for Paul to wake up and be coherent again.
Skylar pondered aloud. "Jeremy, I have this instinct that Joe is still alive."
This intuition still sounded unbelievable, yet Skylar couldn't shake it off.
Jeremy's expression shifted, but he didn't respond. For a moment, the ward fell into a profound silence.
After a while, Jeremy spoke again, "What about Natalie and Austin? Do you know anything?"
Skylar looked up at Jeremy. "You haven't let go of Natalie, have you?"
Jeremy's gaze darkened, a bittersweet smile on his lips. “Whether I can let go or not doesn't matter. I just hope she's happy and that someone cares for her."
Skylar was taken aback by Jeremy's sudden clarity. She nodded and said, "I know Austin likes Natalie. She probably has feelings for him, too." Jeremy fell silent again.
A cloud of melancholy seemed to linger around him. The darkness in his eyes deepened. A self-deprecating smile curved his lips. "Both of them seem to have each other in their hearts."
Then, there was another stretch of silence. Jeremy seemed lost in thought as if caught up in a
Chapt61272
memory.
Skylar didn't disturb him. Sitting on the couch, her mind was also a bit chaotic. Thoughts flickered past her like fleeting shadows, but they were too quick for her to grasp.
About half an hour later, Jeremy received a phone call. The voice on the line was neither loud nor soft, not waking the still-sleeping Paul.
As he stepped out of the room to take the call, he replied, "Sure, I'll come to your place tonight.
11
Once in the hallway, he leaned against the wall, listening to Helena gently ask him what he wanted for dinner.
Suddenly, he remembered the barbecue ribs that Natalie-often made for him. "Let's go with barbecue ribs," he said before hanging up shortly after. Just as he was about to head back into the ward, he spotted Ned.
The conversation with Skylar flashed back to his mind, and he quickly walked over. "Mr. Sowle, do you know Mr. Ziegler?" Jeremy asked directly.
###chapter1266
 
Ned recognized Jeremy. They had some recent business dealings, and personally, he had a good impression of Jeremy. Jeremy was quite capable.
When he heard the name “Mr. Ziegler“, he felt a bit puzzled. "Which Mr. Ziegler are you referring to, Mr. Hughes?"
The surname wasn't particularly uncommon. Quite a few people with the last name Ziegler held assistant positions.
Jeremy noted the change in Ned's expression. It was clear that Ned genuinely didn't know Paul.
Seeing this, Jeremy decided not to say more. He returned to the ward after exchanging a few polite remarks about their collaboration.
Once Jeremy entered the ward, Ned glanced back at it, a look of confusion crossing his face.
"I just ran into Ned and asked if he knew Mr. Ziegler. He said he didn't. So, regarding why Mr. Ziegler mentioned Ned, we can ask him once he wakes up," Jeremy said to Skylar.
There couldn't be that many coincidences in this world.
Skylar's expression shifted slightly. "Yeah."
The wait stretched on until evening.
Jeremy had to step out for a while. After eating dinner in the hospital cafeteria, Skylar returned to find that Paul had awakened. She had brought back a meal for him.
"Do you want to eat now?"
Paul looked at Skylar, a bit dazed. He stared at her, wide-eyed, as if trying to process the situation. Noticing his reaction, Skylar didn't rush. She carefully unpacked the food she had brought and set it on the table.
As she opened the takeout containers, the aroma of the food filled the ward. Sniffling the delicious scents, Paul suddenly snapped back to reality. “This isn't a dream, is it?" he said softly, his voice tinged with uncertainty.
Skylar felt a pang of sadness as she smiled at Paul. "It's not a dream. You're back in Jipsburg. Now, how about some water and dinner?"
At her words, Paul turned his gaze back to Skylar
Paul didn't blink. His gaze locked on Skylar as if he were trying to confirm something.
"Did Mr. Martin send you to the hospital to see me, Mrs. Martin? I'm really fine. I just need to
get two IV drips and will be discharged tomorrow. I'll be able to return to work after that," Paul said earnestly.
Skylar felt a heaviness in her chest. Her eyes turned slightly red, and her smile suddenly froze. After a long moment, she looked at Paul, who was waiting for her response, and said, "Okay,
you
finish your dinner first, and I'll let him know in a bit.”
With Skylar's reassurance, Paul finally felt at ease enough to start eating.
It took Paul less than five minutes to finish his meal. He kept his head down and gulped his food, hardly chewing.
Skylar recalled what Chase had said about Paul's serious stomach issues, a result of his irregular eating habits and frequent hunger over the years. "Take your time. There's no rush," she gently advised.
It was as if Paul hadn't heard her at all. He only looked up after finishing his meal, his eyes still unblinking as he stared at Skylar.
This time, Paul didn't mention going back to work. Instead, he suddenly buried his head in his knees and cried. "I'm sorry, Mrs. Martin. Mr. Martin couldn't come back with me. If it weren't for that accident, Mr. Martin and I would have been back already."
"There's no need to apologize, Mr. Ziegler. Remember what I said-any accident is not something we want to happen. You and I both wish for nothing unexpected to happen.
"Plus, this is Apollo Hospital, where nearly all the best doctors are located. You'll receive the most direct and effective treatment. Everything will be okay," Skylar said soothingly.
Perhaps her words had an effect. The emotionally unstable Paul gradually calmed down and lifted his head.
###chapter1267
 
Paul touched his face, his eyes reddening as he said, "I know I'm not in a good state right now.
He remembered clearly how each scar had come to be. "I used to think that no difficulty could defeat me. I believed I could endure anything. But I've realized I'm not that strong, nor can I bear so much hardship."
Skylar listened quietly to Paul; being able to voice his feelings was beneficial for his recovery.
"For years, I kept telling myself I would escape One day, I would get out. Many people went insane, and I nearly did too. But sometimes, I felt a glimmer of clarity and seized the opportunity to survive."
As Skylar listened, she noticed that Paul's condition was improving and his emotions were settling. She asked, "Do you know Ned Sowle?" Paul's eyes widened in disbelief when he heard the name. "How do you know Ned?"
"First, tell me how you know him, okay?" Skylar replied gently.
Paul looked a bit dazed before he slowly explained, “He and I were both captured at the underground factory. He's also a survivor of that car accident."
"Survivor?" Skylar suddenly realized something. An incredible thought struck her. "You mean Ned, the one with the last name Sowle?" "Yes, that's him."
"Is he a Clusian?" Skylar's voice trembled slightly.
Paul nodded. “How do you know him? He said his parents died long ago, and he has no family in Murida, only a girlfriend. But she probably thinks he's just missing by now."
"Does he look a lot like Joe?" Skylar asked, gripping her hands anxiously.
Paul hesitated for a moment before giving her an incredulous look. Then, he nodded slowly and said, "Ned looks a lot like Mr. Martin. They looked like the same person, but there were some differences. He's severely nearsighted and needs glasses. At first, I thought he was Mr. Martin, but unfortunately, he isn't."
Tears filled Skylar's eyes as she listened to Paul. "Mr. Ziegler, if the Ned you know is the same
Ned I know, then I can almost be certain that Joe isn't dead."
Skylar's heart raced as she pondered the situation. It seemed that by some twist of fate, Joe had become Ned and lost all his memories, believing himself to be Ned Sowle.
It was also possible that the severe car accident had caused his amnesia.
Paul remained in shock after hearing that Joe was still alive. He took a long time to regain his composure. It wasn't until Skylar showed him recent reports about Ned that he truly
understood the situation's reality.
His gaze landed on one particular photo. In it, Ned looked serious and distant, his expression utterly cold and indifferent.
It was as if nothing in the world mattered to him. He looked at everything before him with cold indifference.
"This is Mr. Martin... but why does it say he is Ned? Ned clearly... died. We were supposed to escape together, but he fell and hurt his leg. They caught him first and beat him to death.
"Realizing I couldn't escape, I secretly ran back, but I was still caught and beaten. The injuries on my body and the scars on my face all came from that time," Paul explained, looking at the photo as he recounted his experience.
As he spoke, his innate sharpness and intelligence led him to a sudden realization.
He stared at the photo on the phone as understanding dawned on him. "They look very similar. The only difference is whether or not he wears glasses. So, Mr. Martin must have been rescued and mistaken for Ned. But if he was saved, why would he assume Ned's identity?"
"He believes he is Ned. To this day, he hasn't admitted he is Joe. Perhaps he lost his memory due to the car accident," Skylar speculated. Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward!
237
###chapter1268
 
Paul nodded slowly. "It's possible. The car accident was very serious. I vaguely remember Mr. Martin rolling down the hill. We weren't wearing seatbelts at the time, and I ended up being thrown under the car."
As Paul recalled and described the accident, the scene vividly formed in Skylar's mind.
After finishing, Paul continued to stare at the phone. "Ned had a girlfriend. There's no way she wouldn't notice the difference between them. I mean, someone being nearsighted or not is such an obvious thing. How could no one notice for three years?" Paul asked, clearly puzzled.
Now, Paul was fully alert, his mind sharp. He began to connect the dots, noticing inconsistencies that stood out. As Skylar heard him, her expression shifted in shock.
She thought, "Yeah... someone so close... how could they not have noticed?"
So, Rosa must have known for a long time but chose not to reveal it. She never told Joe about her suspicions either. "Mr. Martin didn't die... Mr. Martin is really alive, and we both made it back to Jipsburg.
"No way! I have to go to work tomorrow, or else Mr. Matin might get mad and send me on a business trip to Aglana. I don't want to go." Paul's voice became frantic.
"Let's discharge now." Paul's voice began to drift as he spoke, as if lost in confusion, struggling to distinguish between the past and present.
When he reached the doorway of the ward, Paul clutched his head and crouched down. "I just need to hold on. If I do, I can escape. Then I'll make it back to Jipsburg and tell Mrs. Martin everything we went through. Mr. Martin kept thinking about her until his last moment."
Skylar's eyes brimmed with tears as she watched Paul's mind unravel again. She stepped forward and said softly, "You did escape. Joe is still alive, and now, please rest quietly here in the hospital, okay?"
Hearing this, Paul raised his head to look at Skylar.
This glance caused him to fall into a deep daze once again. Just moments ago, Paul had been analyzing Joe and Ned's situation with perfect clarity, showing no signs of mental instability.
But now, after just a few words, he had lost his grasp on reality again. Thankfully, Paul remained cooperative.
After staring at her for a moment, Paul stood up and quietly returned to his bed, lying down and closing his eyes in complete silence. Seeing this, Skylar pushed the door open and walked out.
Outside the ward, Jeremy's man, Wilmot Guzman, was waiting.
"Ms. Sullivan."
"He's not in a great state right now. Stay here. If anything happens, get the doctor immediately. Also, let Mr. Hughes know to have a psychologist come and check on Mr. Ziegler," Skylar instructed Wilmot.
Wilmot nodded. "Understood, Ms. Sullivan. Don't worry, Mr. Hughes has arranged everything."
Skylar nodded in return.
She checked the time. It was 9:00 pm. She wondered if Joe was still at the hospital. She recalled Rosa mentioning that she had surgery scheduled for the next couple of days, which meant she would be staying at the hospital.
If that was the case, Joe might still be here.
###chapter1269
 
Skylar found Rosa's ward and gently knocked twice on the door. From inside, Rosa's voice called out, "Come in."
As Skylar pushed the door open and stepped inside, Rosa didn't bother to look up. She was glued to her phone and didn't notice who had entered.
"Is it normal for doctors and nurses to check in so late at night?" Rosa asked impatiently, still not glancing up. She didn't even bother looking at who walked in when she asked the question.
She had a slight disdain for the hospital in Jipsburg. Though her ovarian cyst surgery was minor, she didn't fully trust the doctors there. She only hoped nothing would go wrong.
This hospital didn't deserve to operate if such a simple procedure was mishandled. After the surgery, she planned to assess her recovery. If it didn't go well, she would blame it on the doctor's incompetence and expose the situation to the media.
As Rosa mulled over these thoughts, she suddenly sensed something was off in the room. She looked up. Her expression changed abruptly when she saw that it was Skylar and not the doctor. "What are you doing here?" she exclaimed.
"I have a few questions for you," Skylar replied.
In Rosa's eyes, Skylar looked sharp and intense, causing her to feel an unsettling mix of fear and confusion.
"Questions?" She frowned.
"Shouldn't it be the other way around? I have plenty of questions for you. Why do you keep appearing in front of Ned? Are you trying to seduce him? And what about that guy in the video call who insulted me on your behalf? Is he your boyfriend or not? Also, what do you want from me?"
Suddenly relieved that Ned was no longer in the hospital, Rosa thought that Skylar might have taken the opportunity to flirt with him right in front of her.
Ignoring Rosa's barrage of questions, Skylar said, "I will answer those questions later. But right now, I need you to answer one. Did Ned get into an accident?"
Rosa instinctively opened her mouth to nod in agreement. But then, her guard kicked in, and she hesitated.
Her gaze flickered a bit. "Car accident? Are you curing Ned? Ned has always been perfectly fine. He's had good luck and has never been in a car accident.
"He's only witnessed others getting into accidents. I'm tired now and have surgery tomorrow, so please leave me alone and let me rest." Seeing Rosa's evasive gaze, Skylar didn't press the issue. "When you've done something you regret, you'll be haunted by it day and night. Ms. Reese, take care of yourself."
With that, she turned to leave.
Just as she reached the door, she was suddenly called back by Rosa. "Wait!"
Skylar turned back to look at her. Though she had called out, Rosa hesitated as if unsure whether her unease was due to guilt or something else, remaining silent for a moment.
Skylar didn't rush her and simply waited at the door.
"Don't go spreading rumors in front of Ned! No, I mean, don't seek him out. I'm his fiancée, and I don't want you near him," Rosa said, biting her lip as she began to issue her warning.
Skylar glanced back at Rosa, said nothing, and quietly walked out the door.
Rosa stared at the closed door, feeling a sudden wave of panic. She wondered what Skylar meant when she mentioned Ned being in a car accident.
She knew all too well that Ned had been in a car accident over three years ago. When he was brought to the hospital after the accident, she sensed something was off.
But she had forced herself to ignore it.
Ever since the accident, Ned had been entirely different-he carried an irresistible allure and displayed remarkable professional capabilities. He was like a completely different person.
Moreover, after the accident, Ned's vision was suddenly perfect-he didn't need glasses anymore.
###chapter1270
 
Ned had also lost his memory. Rosa kept telling herself it was a side effect of the accident. Until...
After arriving in Jipsburg, on that night at the charity gala, when someone recognized Ned as Joe, she began to dig up all the information she could about Joe. A series of coincidences made her realize certain truths.
However, she didn't want to believe these truths. She deliberately avoided them.
She feared that her beautiful life would become just a fleeting memory that she could never reclaim. But she wondered how Skylar knew.
Skylar seemed overly persistent. It looked like she really intended to compete for Ned's affection.
She bit her lip tightly. An unfamiliar sense of panic threatened to drown her. She couldn't lose Ned. She had to find a way to keep him in her life. Ned was Ned, and no one could convince her otherwise. If she denied it, then he would always be Ned. The Joe who used to exist was long gone. But the image of Skylar from earlier flashed in her mind. Skylar had once defended herself strongly against Rosa's suspicions and had even avoided getting too close to Ned.
She would never come looking for Rosa because that would mean she would encounter Ned.
But Skylar had come directly to her, which meant she might want to see Ned. Realizing this, Rosa became even more anxious. She quickly grabbed her phone and tried to call Ned.
However, after several attempts, there was no answer.
She thought that Ned was probably on his way back to the hotel. Perhaps he didn't want to be disturbed and had set his phone to silent mode. It was a strong possibility.
This had happened before. She took a deep breath. After half an hour, she called Ned again.
After dialing the tenth number, Ned finally answered the phone.
"Hello?"
"Hey, Ned, what are you doing? I've called you several times, and you didn't answer. I'm really worried about you," Rosa said, her voice filled with distress.
Ned had just arrived at the hotel. "I just got out of the car. My phone was on silent, so I didn't hear it. I'm fine."
"You might be fine, but I'm not!" Rosa thought to herself, though she couldn't express those feelings.
Instead, she cried into the phone.
"I'm scared, Ned. Can we just go
e
back to Murida right now? I want to go back for surgery. We've been doing so well, with our business growing so large. We really don't need to open a branch in Jipsburg. Let's go back to Murida. Can we leave tomorrow?" 
She regretted her earlier greed. She thought she could have a better life-one that would show all those who looked down on her that she crossed a social divide, achieving things they could hardly imagine. So when Ned decided to expan@his business here, she was more excited and hopeful than anyone. 
But now, she wished for nothing more than to end this chapter quickly.
Listening to Rosa's panicked words, Ned felt little emotion and replied calmly, "If you're scared, you can head back tomorrow. The hospital and doctors in Murida will be ready for you."
"And what about you?"
"Once things are running smoothly here, I'll leave everything to others and come back." Ned didn't hold anything back.
Rosa's face went pale. "Can't you
come back with me? Didn't you tell me before that I'm the most important person in the world to
our
net
you? You have no family here. Im your only family. How can you make me face the cold, sterile environment of the surgery alone?" 
###chapter1271
 
This was Rosa's trump card.
For Ned, the time he spent injured in the hospital was when Rosa had emptied her savings and maxed out her credit cards to help him through the tough times.
Deep down, he knew that she was more than just his girlfriend. She was his savior and even closer than family.
She understood all too well that if she brought up the past, he would be inclined to compromise. Sure enough, after a brief moment of silence, Ned responded, "Alright, I'll have someone book the flight ticket."
With his confirmation, Rosa broke into a smile, wiping away her tears. "I knew it. You're the best person in the world to me, Ned. I really love you. Promise me no matter what happens in this life, you won't leave me. You can't abandon me, okay?"
Each plea revealed Rosa's anxiety. In the past, Ned had been her devoted partner. Now, she felt as though she had become his. She simply couldn't leave Ned. Her love for him had grown immensely over the years, and she had to ensure he never saw Skylar again.
Jeremy knew where Ned was staying. After giving Skylar his number, he sent her the details of the hotel.
Skylar sat in her car, reading the hotel information while a surge of emotions rushed through her. Although Rosa hadn't provided a clear answer, her panicked demeanor almost confirmed that Ned had indeed been in a car accident over three years ago.
This was all just a coincidence.
The person who had been trapped in the underground factory with Paul was the real Ned. The Ned she knew now was Joe, who had lost some of his memories. This revelation made Skylar's heart race uncontrollably.
She had to see him tomorrow.
Suddenly, an idea struck her. She had deleted Ned's contact information from her phone on WhatsApp but realized she could still add him back. She entered his phone number. 
In the next moment, Ned's familiar profile picture appeared. She sent him a "Hello" on WhatsApp.
Her earlier attempts to call him went unanswered, and she didn't expect this message to be delivered either.
Now everything hinged on Paul's
description and her own
assumptions, while Ned remained
completely unaware of the situation. The thought brought tears to Skylar's eyes. 
She had waited three years for this moment, so there was no rush now.
When Ned returned to the hotel, he noticed the message from Skylar. He paused momentarily, reflecting on their encounter at the hospital.
His thoughts wandered, and various signs suggested that Skylar easily captivated him. He frowned as he stared at the message and recalled Rosa's desperate pleas. 
He closed WhatsApp. It was best to halt his uncontrollable attraction before it spiraled out of control.
At that moment, his assistant's call came through.
"Mr. Sowle, there's a flight available to return to Murida tomorrow. I'll pick up Ms. Reese now and take her back to the hotel." Ned replied with a neutral, "Okay."
After hanging up, he walked to the window and stood there with a cigarette in hand. Just as he was about to light it, he hesitated.
###chapter1272
 
Over the years, he had developed a habit of lighting a cigarette whenever he encountered something troubling, though they all said he never used to smoke.
This unconscious habit puzzled him.
The doctor had explained it was due to excessive stress, claiming he was prone to illusions. He wondered if it was just an illusion.
For some reason, his mind drifted back to that message he hadn't replied to.
Skylar's name had taken over his thoughts. Skylar... a voice in his head told him that she was supposed to be his woman, that they were meant to be together.
He should reply to that message.
On one hand, his emotions were spiraling out of control, but his rational side urged him to stop before it was too late.
Just as he was about to pick up his phone again, there was a knock on the door.
"Ned, it's me."
Rosa's tearful voice carried through the room.
Ned set down his phone and went to open the door.
The moment Rosa saw him, she flung herself into his arms, sobbing uncontrollably. "Ned, I fell asleep on the way back and had this horrible dream. You told me you were leaving me, didn't love me anymore, and wanted to marry someone who could truly capture your heart. You looked at me with such cold indifference, pushed me away, and didn't even try to comfort me while I was suffering."
"It was just a dream," Ned replied, his body stiffening as he placed his hands on her arms.
For some reason, he felt an urge to push her away. Over the past three years, they had indeed relied on each other, but he never liked physical contact with her.
Rosa couldn't stop, still drowning in her misery. "When I woke up, I thought it was real. I'm so scared, Ned. Everything in that dream felt so real.
"Ned, please promise me you won't leave. I can't live without you. Ever since we ran into Skylar, I don't know what's wrong with me, but I feel like you'll leave me for her at any moment.
"Skylar is just... She's too perfect. I feel completely insecure when I'm around her. It's like the way you look at her is completely different from how you look at me. For the past three years, ever since you woke up from the accident and lost your memories, you've been pushing me away. You don't want to be close to
me. 
"I keep wondering if I did something wrong or if you just stopped loving me because of the amnesia. In these three years, we haven't even kissed. We barely hug. Ned, I've lost all confidence in myself."
She lifted her head as she said this. Her tear-filled eyes, full of affection and pain, were fixed on the man before her.
There was a helplessness in her expression that made her look so vulnerable. Standing on tiptoes, her red lips moved closer to his.
Her heart raced uncontrollably. But just as her lips were about to touch his, he abruptly pushed her away.
"You're overthinking this. Wipe your tears," Ned said coldly.
He turned away to grab a tissue and handed it to Rosa.
She bit her lip, staring at the tissue in disbelief. She wondered if she was overthinking but quickly realized she wasn't.
She had laid everything bare,
practically begging for him to kiss
e
her. But he didn't. Still, she took the tissue. "Ned, I'm a woman. I have pride. You don't want to be close to me, so how could I keep bringing this up? These past three years, you've changed so much. Im really... in so much pain." 
Ned's eyes darkened, and the air around him turned colder. "Have I really changed that much?"
Rosa wondered if someone could truly become so different after losing their memory.
For the first time, Ned began to question his own identity, wondering if he was truly Ned at all.
Rosa's heart tightened at his words.
She panicked and quickly said, "I don't know. But since we can't figure it out, let's just stop thinking about it. I've waited three years. I can keep waiting. You're still the man Hove the most." S
###chapter1273
 
Ned narrowed his eyes, his gaze prating. Rosa felt a rush of anxiety under his scrutiny. Suddenly, she regretted being so assertive earlier. After waiting over three years, perhaps she should have held back a little longer.
Soon, they would return to Murida to hold their wedding.
On their wedding day, Ned wouldn't be able to resist her. Afterward, when she became pregnant, she wouldn't have anything to worry about.
She blamed Skylar for asking so many questions in the hospital today. They had completely thrown her off balance.
"I'm feeling a bit tired after coming back from the hospital, so I'm going to sleep now. Don't overthink things, and get some rest too. We have a flight at 10:00 am, and we need to wake up early," Rosa said quickly, unable to linger.
After saying a few hurried words, she slipped away. Ned acknowledged her with a brief hum before closing the door.
Once the door clicked shut, he didn't go to bed. Instead, he moved to the window.
He pulled a pack of cigarettes from his pocket. As he lit one, a flash of a memory flickered in his mind.
Looking down at the cigarette between his fingers, he fell silent for a long moment. Skylar's influence on him had become unexpectedly profound. She had completely unsettled his thoughts.
After a few minutes, he stubbed out the cigarette in the ashtray and headed to the bathroom. Meanwhile, Rosa lay in bed, actively searching for information about Joe for the first time.
Previously, she might have instinctively resisted wanting to learn more about Joe. Even after arriving in Jipsburg and realizing how closely he resembled Ned, she had chosen to ignore him. But now, she understood that she needed to find out more.
The online reports about Joe were all from over three years ago. Yet, he felt like a figure from a myth, not just well-born but also a force in the business world. He was someone who commanded respect and fear at the same time.
Aside from his childhood sweetheart Vera and his fiancée Lizzie, he seemed to have no women in his life.
Just like her previous investigation
into Skylar's background, only a handful of photos connected Skylar and Joe. These images only sparked vague speculations without
ye
concrete evidence confirming their relationship. 
The articles' descriptions of Joe played out in her mind like a vivid movie. They overlapped with her memories of Ned. In the past, Ned had lacked the ability and determination he now possessed.
So...
Rosa suddenly threw her phone down. Her heart raced, pounding in her chest.
Tonight was bound to be another sleepless night for her.
Meanwhile, over at Parkinson Residence, Aiken was reviewing emails in his study.
He had received results from his
investigation into Ned. Several of his people were in Murida. Although thoroughly investigating Ned would take some time, he was confident they would uncover significant details. 
net
Ned had been in a car accident over three years ago, spending a month in the hospital before making a complete recovery. Before the accident, he had been nearsighted and were glasses, but now he didn't. Aiken noted that Ned hadn't
switched to contact lenses either. 
Moreover, there were no records of any eye surgery. Before the accident, Ned had worked at a company with very average capabilities.
He wondered how a person could undergo such a drastic transformation. Additionally, both events occurred over three years ago at the same location where Joe had his incident.
So...
###chapter1274
 
Austin was now certain that Ned must be Joe. Aiken tapped his fingers on the desk, weighing his options as he picked up his phone to review the recent chat history with Skylar.
He pondered whether he should share this information with her. Just then, a call came in.
"Mr. Parkinson, Ms. Parkinson is still in contact with that poor guy. They just came out of the cinema together."
Upon hearing this, Aiken's expression hardened. "Keep following them, but don't let Simona find out. Find two girls that fit Stephen's type and have them charm him."
"Got it, Mr. Parkinson."
Aiken felt a headache coming on. Simona had been increasingly rebellious lately. She seemed drawn to Stephen Pearce despite claiming she wouldn't contact him anymore.
Stephen's troubled background made him unsuitable for Simona. However, Stephen was skilled at putting on a fa?ade and had enough patience to charm her. Simona was still young and easily swayed by such a polished exterior.
With that in mind, Aiken sighed, glancing back at his phone. He stared at Skylar's profile picture for a moment.
In the end, he decided to send the document along with his suspicions to Skylar.
He could use any means necessary without a second thought when it came to others. No matter how underhanded the methods were, they didn't matter as long as he achieved his goal. Nothing else was important.
But with Skylar, he didn't want to resort to such methods. He understood the distance between them all too well. Some thoughts were best kept to himself. He couldn't risk breaking that fragile barrier.
Moreover, given Skylar's family background, Steven and Charles would never agree to her being with someone like him, whose background was complicated.
At this hour, Skylar was probably already resting and likely wouldn't respond. Aiken rubbed his temples before stepping out of his study and dialing Simona's number.
At the same time, Simona was strolling through the park with Stephen. They had just finished watching a movie. The park was quiet, with only a few nighttime joggers passing by occasionally.
As they walked, lost in each other's company, Simona's phone buzzed-it was Aiken calling. Stephen noticed her staring at the screen without answering.
"Why won't you pick up?" he asked gently.
Simona bit her lip and said, "He normally doesn't call this late. I'm worried that he might..."
"Worried about what? Didn't you say it's just you and your brother? That he's always good to you? Maybe he just needs something," Stephen replied, his voice soft and understanding.
Simona looked at Stephen with a mix of concern and helplessness. She was afraid Aiken would find out she was spending time with Stephen. After all, Aiken didn't approve of their relationship 
swnovel
Still, not wanting Aiken to worry, she answered when the second call came through. "Hey, Aiken."
"Why didn't you pick up earlier?" Aiken asked.
Simona glanced at Stephen and
replied slowly, "Aiken, do you even know what time it is? I'd normally be asleep by how. Luckily for you, L went out with some friends to watch a movie, and now we're just hanging out at the park." 
"Friends?" Stephen smiled slightly, his eyes soft as he gazed at her. Simona's heart raced, and she felt her face flush.
"Stay safe. Call me if anything comes up. Come home this Saturday," Aiken said.
Simona frowned at the mention of Saturday. She had already made plans with Stephen for that day.è They were supposed to spend time together, but she couldn't tell Aiken that She muttered a vague reply before hanging up. 
"When are you going to introduce me to your brother? It doesn't feel right for us to keep sneaking around like this," Stephen asked suddenly.
Simona sighed. "Let's give it some more time. My brother... he can be pretty intimidating sometimes."
###chapter1275
 
Simona was genuinely worried that Aiken wouldn't approve of her relationship with Stephen. After all, he had mentioned it before.
However, Aiken's views could be quite limited at times, and he placed too much importance on a person's background. Stephen was a great guy. He was talented and could put up with some of her bad moods while still being fun and spontaneous.
This was the first time she had ever truly liked someone, and she didn't want to give up on that so easily.
"Let's keep walking. We just polished off two huge buckets of popcorn at the cinema, and I feel stuffed," Simona said, quickly regaining her composure.
Stephen replied with an agreeable nod but seemed lost in thought as he looked down.
...
The next morning, Skylar woke up early. The sky outside was still dark, and when she opened her eyes, it was only 4:30 am.
After a quick trip to the bathroom, she realized there was no chance of falling back asleep. She turned on the lights and grabbed her phone, noticing a message from Aiken that he had sent the night before.
Inside was a document, along with his speculations regarding Ned's identity. Until now, she had only heard Paul's descriptions of Ned's background. Seeing Aiken's thoughts or investigations added more evidence to what she had suspected.
She felt grateful as she read his message. "Thank you, Aiken. I've been considering this too. After Mr. Ziegler returned, he mentioned his experience from three years ago and happened to bring up Ned, who was locked up with him."
Jeremy later told her that the successful rescue of Paul wasn't just due to the money paid but also because of Aiken's involvement.
If it hadn't been for Aiken's role as a middleman and facilitating communication, the underground factory's boss would definitely not have released him.
The fate of anyone who entered that underground factory was usually death.
No matter how high one's social status was before entering, they became nothing more than a mule once inside. They were forced to
work according to the demands
place upon them every day, with the constant threat of losing an organ hanging over their heads. Skylar genuinely felt grateful to Aiken. 
Just as she finished replying to him, Aiken called.
"You're still awake at this hour?" Skylar was a bit surprised.
Aiken chuckled lightly. "I often stay up all night. I just finished working out and took a shower."
Skylar laughed too. "Oh, I see. I thought my message might have woken you up."
"Do you need me to accompany you to find him after dawn?" Aiken asked.
Since they already had this
speculation and supporting
evidence, there was no need to wait.
Skylar decided to confront the
el.ne
person directly to clarify the situation. She quickly composed herself, her smile fading as she prepared for the conversation ahead. 
"Yes, I plan to talk to him in person. I can handle this myself, so you should get some rest. I'll reach out if anything comes up."
Aiken didn't push back. "Alright."
After ending the call, Skylar quickly got ready and made breakfast. As for Aiken, he claimed he was going to sleep, but he didn't rest at all. He had been awake the entire night.
Simona had been so disobedient.
After answering his call, she
continued to wander the park with
Stephen. As dawn approached, they even entered a hotel together.
Fortunately, they had gotten two separate rooms. 
This was also part of why Aiken looked down on Stephen. All the expenses for staying at the hotel, watching movies, and dining out were all covered by Simona.
###chapter1276
 
Even a series of behaviors could tell a lot. Stephen believed Simona was wealthy and that spending money was only natural for her. He felt perfectly at ease enjoying its benefits.
He needed Stephen to understand that while he could toy with other kind-hearted and innocent girls without consequences, playing with his sister, Simona, would come with consequences.
Time passed quickly, and soon it was 7:00 am.
In the absence of traffic, it took about 50 minutes to get from the city center to the airport. After checking out of the hotel, Ned and Rosa headed straight for their car.
Skylar happened to be on the road at the same time. As she neared the hotel, Jeremy called her.
"Skylar, Ned and Rosa are no longer at the hotel. They must have gone to the airport. Their departure was sudden. Just now, my team member in charge of cooperating with Ned informed me that he's temporarily leaving Jipsburg today and won't be back for a few days. Are you on your way to the hotel?"
Skylar slammed on the brakes upon hearing this.
"How could they leave so suddenly? Weren't they planning to set up a branch in Jipsburg? They have several projects and many companies with which to collaborate. Why would they leave at such a crucial time?"
Jeremy replied, "I'm not entirely sure about the specifics. It seems he had some sudden matters to attend to. You should head to the airport as quickly as possible. I'm not sure if you'll make it in time. Have you tried calling him?"
Skylar's throat tightened as she responded, "I've called several times, but he hasn't answered. We had some misunderstandings before."
"Let me try calling him and see what's going on," Jeremy said after a brief pause.
Skylar agreed and said, "Okay, I'll head to the airport now."
"Is Ned really Mr. Martin?" Helena wiped her still-damp hair and asked Jeremy, who was busy searching for phone numbers.
Jeremy glanced back at her and replied, "Yes, there's a 90 percent chance he is Joe."
"It's like a scene from a movie or TV show. I can't believe someone can really come back to life in reality. The happiest person right now must be Skylar. She truly has witnessed a miraculous turnaround." Helena couldn't help but sigh. 
et
Sometimes, Helena truly envied Skylar. Not only did Skylar have Joe's affection, but over the past few years, her friends had supported her through difficult times. Now, she had learned that Joe was still alive. 
And as for her...
She silently watched Jeremy as he dialed a number. They had been quite close the night before, yet during the day, it felt as if an invisible barrier separated them.
This made their relationship awkward. She understood that the time she could spend with him was limited.
Even though he had let go of Natalie, the Hughes family was still arranging suitable matches for him. She remained a hidden mistress. With this thought, a trace of sorrow crossed her features.
Jeremy had made several calls without anyone answering. He frowned and called Skylar to explain the situation.
"Is Ned leaving in such a hurry because his fiancée is afraid the truth about him being Joe Martin will be revealed?" Helena speculated, trying to shake off her earlier disappointment.
Jeremy turned to look at Helena, his eyes lighting up. "That's very possible."
The urgency of their departure surely indicated that Rosa was afraid.
"I believe his fiancée must have sensed something long ago but has been hiding it, which shows she has her own motives. If she doesn't come clean about Ned's true
el.ne
identity, and since he seems to have lost his memory, it's likely that the outcome won't be good when Skylar goes to find him. 
"Ned won't easily believe her. After all, this whole situation is just too surreal," Helena said.
Jeremy nodded, thoughtfully pondering Helena's words. Helena felt uneasy under his gaze. "What's wrong?"
"Nothing," Jeremy replied, pulling his attention away.
"Oh, I have an event this afternoon, and I should head over for the rehearsal now," Helena responded.
###chapter1277
 
When Helena left, she saw that Jeremy had already changed into a suit, but they wouldn't be sharing a ride.
She would drive herself. Victor was already waiting for Jeremy.
Not long after, at a red light at an intersection, the two cars were side by side. Helena couldn't help but glance over at Jeremy.
He didn't look at her and seemed focused on his phone while Victor nodded at her in greeting. She gave a faint smile, but a bittersweet feeling lingered in her heart.
At the airport, Skylar arrived after about 40 minutes. It was the morning rush hour, crowded with people and vehicles. The airport was bustling. Upon entering the airport terminal, she began searching for Joe and Rosa.
Although the crowd was thick, Joe was the kind of person who stood out no matter where he was. He was tall and easy to spot, and as long as she paid attention, she could find him in the airport.
At that moment, Aiken called her. She answered the phone while continuing her search. "Have you seen Ned?" he asked.
Skylar replied honestly, "He's returning to Murida with Rosa today. I came to the airport to find him, but it's too big here, and there are too many people. I still haven't found him."
Aiken reassured her. "Is he leaving in such a hurry? Take your time; don't rush. Since you already know that Ned is Joe, it doesn't matter if he leaves Jipsburg. I've also found out his address in Murida, so don't worry."
Hearing Aiken's words brought her some relief. "Okay, I understand."
The airport in Jispburg was one of the largest in the nation, with a high volume of travelers. Even though Joe was quite noticeable, the large crowd meant that many tall men looked similar. After searching for 20 minutes, she still couldn't find him.
Skylar felt a bit flustered. After calling Ned several times, he finally answered the phone.
"Who are you?" Ned asked immediately after answering the phone.
Hearing his familiar voice slightly reddened Skylar's eyes. She took a deep breath and replied, "I'm Skylar."
There was a brief silence from Ned's end before he asked, "Did you need something from me?"
"Yes, I want to know if you had a car accident over these years ago." Skylar didn't know how to start.
Time was limited on the call, and if she directly told Ned that he was indeed Joe, he wouldn't easily believe her.
She heard Rosa's voice in the background asking, "Ned, who's on the phone?"
Ned continued, "What's the real reason for your call? Just tell me."
Today, Ned sounded very different from their previous encounters.
Skylar Could hear the deliber
distance in his voice, along
cold attitude. 
a
Remembering that she had deliberately blocked him, added him back, sent a message, and kept calling, she realized that her actions might have left a negative O
impression on him now. 
Feeling helpless, she took a deep breath and asked directly, "Have you never doubted whether you are Ned?"
At her questions, the only sounds that filled the line were the airport's bustling noises.
There was no response from Ned.
Since discovering that Ned was Joe yesterday, Skylar hadn't considered what she might be facing now. She hadn't really thought about Ned's current situation or whether he
would believe her. 
After all, Rosa had been the only one by his side to help him through difficult times for the past three years.
The challenges they faced now seemed secondary. The most important thing was that he was still alive.
###chapter1278
 
The call hadn't ended yet, but she could hear the voices of security personnel passing by. It seemed Skylar wouldn't get to see Joe today. "Is there anything else?" Joe suddenly asked.
Skylar's eyes turned red as she asked, "If I said I have evidence proving you're Joe Martin, would you meet me now?"
The call was abruptly disconnected as soon as the words left her mouth.
Skylar stood frozen in place, her body stiff. A sense of disappointment and confusion washed over her.
After a moment, she regained her composure and called the airline to book a ticket to Murida tomorrow.
At that moment, in the airport lounge, Rosa glanced at Ned, who had just finished his call. His unusually silent demeanor and tense expression made her feel anxious and uneasy.
She suddenly felt a wave of apprehension wash over her. "Ned? Was it work-related?"
He hadn't answered when she asked who was on the other end of the line. She had a gut feeling that the person calling Ned was Skylar, but she didn't know what they had discussed.
Looking at Ned and recalling all the news articles about him, Rosa felt increasingly uneasy. There was a nagging sensation that this man before her would soon belong to someone else.
Ned lifted his gaze to meet Rosa's. "It's nothing."
She bit her lip, wondering if it truly was nothing.
Reflecting on Ned's brief words during the call, they had been concise and without much detail. He had merely asked if there was anything else, his tone cold, similar to how he spoke with his employees.
But for some reason, Rosa felt that something was off.
"Ned, I miss our home," Rosa said softly.
Ned snapped back to reality and looked down at Rosa, who was gazing at him cautiously, as if afraid of losing him.
"We'll be home soon." He reassured her.
"Ned, you're the person I love the most in this world. Promise me you won't leave me, okay? Soon, we'll have a home that belongs to us. Just like we used to talk about
net
have a few kids, and then we can all live happily together." 
Rosa painted a vivid picture of their hopeful future.
This wish was something she had once made with Ned. Many men would find it hard to resist such a warm dream. After a moment of contemplation, Joe nodded in agreement.
Rosa was overjoyed. "Good thing we've decorated three kids' rooms. We have to have at least three kids. Both of us grew up as orphans, and I hope our home will be filled with laughter and joy."
Joe seemed lost in thought and asked, "What did the police tell you about my accident back then?"
"Why are you suddenly asking about the accident?" Rosa's smile faded instantly. She couldn't shake the thought of who had made that call earlier.
It was Skylar; it had to be Skylar. Rosa knew she wouldn't give up easily. She was determined to ruin her life.
"The place where you had the car
accident didn't have any
surveillance. You were thrown from the car, and several people died in that crash," Rosa reluctantly
explained under Ned's in
gaze.
swnovel
But in truth, she didn't know all the details. The police had only said there was no surveillance footage, and the other car had vanished. Only several people had died.
In that car accident, Ned was the only one who survived.
Ned recalled that when he woke up, there were no police to investigate the cause of the crash. Beyond his hospital stay of over a month, there had been no further information about the incident. 
###chapter1279
 
There was indeed some doubt about Ned's car accident.
He was also doubtful of Skylar's changing attitude toward him. Didn't she say he was Joe Martin and that she wanted to treat him as Joe's stand-in? Rosa felt relieved when Ned didn't continue questioning her.
She thought to herself that as long as they left Jipsburg, everything would go back to the way it was before. Once back in Murida, she would find various ways and reasons to prevent Ned from returning.
She had previously consulted a doctor, who said that in Ned's current condition, it was possible that he might never regain his past memories. This meant that even the heavens wanted Joe to abandon his past and live with her forever.
The plane took off on time at 10 o'clock. Skylar sat in the airport lounge, waiting for Ned's call.
Unfortunately, the plane had already taken off, but Ned did not call. This indicated that he did not trust her.
Skylar had had enough time to calm down from the moment she hung up the phone.
So, she left the airport directly. Before driving away, she messaged Jeremy explaining what had just happened and also informed Aiken.
Then, she drove to Galaxy Villa.
She had already packed her suitcase a few days ago. After taking their wedding photo, she went to the study to grab some pens that Joe used to like and his laptop.
The suitcase was large enough to fit these items.
Her flight tomorrow was at the same time as Ned's today. So, after packing everything into the trunk, Skylar visited Charles.
Charles was still filming on set. So, she waited for over half an hour before Charles finished the scene.
Charles had noticed Skylar earlier
but was focused on his scene. It et
was an important one, and it t several takes. He could only
Lavok
over
to her after he was done. 
"Why did you come to visit so suddenly? Planning to give me a surprise?"
Skylar smiled and said, "Are you?"
"Of course Come on, you haven't had lunch yet, right? Let me take you
out for lunch." Charles was also
hungry and saw that it was already noon. 
The siblings were both food lovers.
UMS
And since there was a new restaurant in the city, Charles had been going there for the past few days. But he still hadn't gotten tired of it.
"I'm just getting hungry too," Skylar said without asking what they would have for lunch and just followed Charles.
Both of them loved stew. As they were enjoying the meal, Charles asked, "Skye, do you have something on your mind? You can tell me."
"I booked a flight to return to Murida tomorrow, I don't know when I'll be back. So, if anything happens to Mom or Steven during this time, you have to call me immediately Skylar said. 
"Why are you going back again? Didn't you say there was no rush when you canceled your ticket last time?" Charles frowned.
###chapter1280
 
Besides worrying about his own career, Charles was worried about his sister. So, Skylar told him about Ned actually being Joe.
Charles' eyes widened when he heard it. "Is he really Joe? Are you sure?"
If Ned was indeed Joe, everything would be like a movie plot.
Recently, he even received a script about identity-switching revenge stories but had yet to read it, thinking the premise was too far-fetched. But now, a real-life script was playing out before him.
"I'm 99 percent sure," Skylar confirmed.
It made Charles take a deep breath before saying, "I need a few bites of food to process this."
After a few bites and a few gulps of water, he continued, "So, he really lost his memory and doesn't remember anything? Or is he deliberately hiding his identity?
"If he's just pretending, then he's seriously cunning. You don't have to go after him. You're beautiful and capable, with plenty of admirers. There's no need to go after a cunning man. But if he truly lost his memory, that's a different story."
It wasn't a brag, but Skylar was genuinely outstanding.
Some of his colleagues from the same set had asked for her number after seeing her. But to Charles, none of them were good enough for Skylar. Ever since Joe, everyone else seemed subpar. Charles had raised his standards without him even realizing it.
Skylar chuckled and said, "There aren't so many conspiracies. I've already checked the hospital records from when Ned was in the car accident. He did indeed suffer from memory loss."
It was no wonder Charles had such an active imagination. He was an actor, after all.
"If it's memory loss, that's easier to deal with. He'll probably regain his memory again someday. But have you considered his current fiancée?" Charles asked.
Skylar shook her head lightly. "I haven't thought that far ahead. I'll return to Murida first and then take it one step at a time."
"In my opinion, that fiancée of his
must be a two-faced angel or a conniving bitch. Think about it-even
if two people look the same, their e
personalities and other aspects are bound to differ. How could she not notice anything when they're together all the time?" Charles analyzed. 
It made him uneasy when he thought about Skylar facing such a woman. He had seen plenty of those in the entertainment industry-each one more troublesome than the last.
They always claimed innocence while blaming others, laying traps wherever they went. He was always reluctant and wished they would stay far away from him.
Charles had always felt that their presence affected his appetite.
Skylar nodded and said, "Charles, your analysis makes sense."
"Of course. When you're over in Murida, make sure to keep me updated on everything. I'll help you figure things out," Charles said, still a little worried. If his schedule weren't so packed, he'd have wanted to go with her to Murida himself 
An hour later, Skylar left the set and went home. She had already informed Janine that she would be cooking dinner tonight. So, she bought the ingredients on her way home.
After dinner, Janine said, "Don't go back today. Just stay over."
"How did you know I wanted to stay?" Skylar asked with a smile.
Janine paused for a moment and then couldn't help but laugh.
"Well, we're mother and daughter, after all. I also noticed you're planning to return to Murida in the next few days, aren't you?"
"Mom, you're right. My flight is tomorrow morning," Skylar nodded.
Janine's smile faded slightly before saying, "My visa will be ready soon. I'll make the arrangements at the company and visit Murida for a
month or two to keep you company and visit Mrs. Martin Senior. If anything happens before I'm there, call me or your brothers.
"Alright, Mom, don't worry," Skylar said, nodding reluctantly.
Just then, there was a sudden loud knock at the door. It sounded very urgent.
###chapter1281
 
"Mom, did anyone tell you they are coming over?" Skylar asked, puzzled.
Janine shook her head, equally confused. "No, I don't know many people in Jipsburg. If any company employees had issues, they wouldn't come to the house; they would call me directly. If it were your brothers, they would have told me in advance."
Skylar had already walked to the door. But after hearing what Janine said, she didn't open it right away but looked through the peephole.
It was only her and Janine in the house right now, so it was necessary to be cautious.
The person standing outside was wearing a baseball cap. The cap was pulled low over their face, making it hard to see their face. b=But based on their build, it seemed to be a woman.
"Who is it?" Skylar asked.
The woman outside said, "I'm your downstairs neighbor. I have something to discuss with you. You're too loud. Do you have kids at home?"
Skylar raised an eyebrow. The downstairs neighbor?
She turned back to Janine and asked, "Mom, has the downstairs neighbor ever come to you before?"
"No, I don't even know what the downstairs neighbor looks like. And they're complaining about noise? Everyone in the residents' group chat is usually very considerate. Besides, we're just having dinner and chatting. How could we be noisy?" Janine asked, puzzled.
The building was well-constructed, with good soundproofing.
Skylar nodded. "Looks like it's probably a misunderstanding."
Then, she opened the door and said to the supposed neighbor, "Hello, we have no children here, and we haven't done anything to cause loud noises. You might want to check with someone else."
After finishing, she proceeded to close the door.
However, in the next moment, the woman at the door suddenly pushed her way in, catching Skylar off guard.
"Skye!" Janine gasped in alarm.
The sudden turn of events shocked them.
After rushing in, the woman went straight to the living room and sat on the couch.
"You!" Janine was about to ask what she was doing when she suddenly saw the woman's face.
Skylar also walked into the living
room with a cold expression. Whet
she saw the woman's face, she was stunned. But soon, her expression turned even colder. 
"It's you?" Janine frowned.
The woman sitting on the couch began looking around the house with a hint of disdain in her eyes.
"I heard you started a big company and was earning so much that you can afford to rent an entire building. So, that means you're rich. But why would you stay in such a small place instead of a large villa?" 
Even though Janine and Skylar were staring at her without a word, she was not in a rush.
The woman let out a laugh before
continuing, "Are you surprised me? Did you think I had died?
person, so I won't die so
easily." 
Jama
"How did you find this place?" Janine asked with a serious expression.
###chapter1282
 
All Janine ever felt toward her biological daughter was disappointment.
She thought they would never see each other again, but unexpectedly, she came knocking on their door today.
Maisy laughed wildly and manically for a moment, then stared at Skylar venomously. "Didn't you tell Mom? Didn't you know where I was? When I called you for help, what did you do? Tell Mom everything."
"I don't need Skye to tell me. I know where you were. You and Kenny were trafficked to Askea by Christopher. The police contacted me about it at one point," Janine said in a low voice.
Maisy was stunned.
Skylar was also a bit surprised. Janine had never mentioned this over the past few years.
So, she had known all along.
"You're my mother. You knew I was trafficked and tortured, yet you didn't try to rescue me? You just stand idly by? Are you even my mother?" Maisy shouted, almost tearing her throat.
What did she do wrong to end up like this?
Skylar had two brothers who adored her, plus a mother and a younger brother who loved her. Maisy only had herself.
Surviving those years of inhumane torment was a miracle. If she hadn't been smart enough, she would have ended up like other young women who lost their limbs or were cruelly killed.
As for Kenny, he had died horribly.
Why did she end up living like a beggar while Skylar, despite losing Joe, could live so comfortably? She couldn't understand it.
Janine's face darkened as she looked at Maisy, who kept shouting in anger.
After taking a deep breath, Janine said, "There was never much of a bond between us. You know very well what you did in the past. So, you must bear the consequences of your own choices. You know better than anyone what happened between you, Christopher, and Kenny."
When Janine mentioned there was no bond between them, Maisy's eyes turned red with rage.
"You're biased! You just don't want me to have a good life, do you? Back then, I was the beloved daughter of the Williams family. How could I leave that life to come back and suffer with you?
"If you want to blame someone, blame yourself. If you had been wealthy, like now, owning a company, how could I not have come back? In the end, it's your fault! As for Christopher, hmph!"
Maisy turned her gaze to Skylar, whose face was cold and unreadable. "She just couldn't hold onto Christopher. What does that have to do with me? I can't stop him from liking me. But he's a bastard. 
"If it weren't for me, you would have married him! Who knows, you might have ended up like me right now! So, you should be grateful to me. "Now that I'm back, you should take care of me properly. Put me in the company as an influencer, and I want to become a top streamer like Annie Silver."
Yes, this was why she had gone to such lengths to come here. Since returning to Jipsburg, she had been trying to find Janine. She was lucky to manage to find some clues from Charles.
"You!" Janine's face turned pale with anger.
Even though she had been hurt by Maisy and had disowned her as a daughter, Maisy was still her flesh and blood. Now, seeing her shamelessly make such demands made Janine even more
ovd.ne
disappointed. 
S
Seeing Janine's changing expression, Skylar spoke up, "The company is mine, Maisy. If I were you, I would leave right now."
Maisy jumped up at those words.
"Why should leave? This is my
mother's house. You're the one who should go! You're just adopted! None of this has anything to do with you. The company is yours? Stop bluffing! It's Mom's company!" 
"You're wrong. This is Skye's company. I'm just an employee working for her. She bought this house too," Janine said, looking at Maisy with utter disappointment.
She knew she couldn't be soft-hearted now. Otherwise, there would be endless trouble. Maisy had been completely spoiled by the Williams family. At that moment, Skylar glanced at her phone. The building management had texted her, so she immediately went to open the door.
The property manager came in with two security guards.
"That's the woman. If she tries to come to our building wanting to come to our house again, escort her out immediately," Skylar instructed the three
men.
###chapter1283
 
Maisy looked at the three men in front of her and cursed at Skylar angrily, "Skylar, aren't you being too ruthless?"
Hearing this, Skylar thought of everything she had gone through in her past life and sneered, "It was the wrong choice for you to come here today. The fact that you managed to escape from there means you must have broken the law. How many dead bodies have you stepped over? If you don't leave now, I'll be calling the police."
"You!" Maisy's expression changed dramatically. She never expected Skylar to react so quickly and guess how she had escaped.
Indeed, over the past few years, she had caused the deaths of many people-so many that she had lost count. But in her view, those people were insignificant. If she hadn't killed them, they would have died anyway. At least, she made good use of them.
In the past few years, she joined a criminal group to lead a more comfortable life and helped them commit various crimes.
After all, she had attended a good university. Her upbringing in a wealthy family made it easy for her to teach others how to deceive people. During that time, she had even tricked some of her university classmates.
But she felt no remorse.
Why should she be tormented daily, being abused to the point of losing the ability to have children while her classmates could lead glamorous lives? Seeing Maisy's reaction, Janine guessed Skylar's words had some truth and looked at Maisy with even greater disappointment. "Just leave." Maisy took a deep breath, her eyes full of hatred as she looked at the two people before her. "You'll regret driving me away today! You'll pay for this!" After saying this, she coldly glanced around before walking out. The property manager and the security guards quickly followed her out. This incident left Skylar and Janine in a sour mood. Neither of them had expected Maisy to show up again after more than three years. This was not a good thing.
After a moment of silence, Janine spoke, "I still don't feel at ease. Tomorrow, I'll ask your brother to go to the police station with me early in the morning."
"Alright." Skylar knew this was a difficult decision for Janine. After all, reporting her own daughter to the police was not something anyone could easily do.
However, Maisy was like a ticking time bomb. If left unchecked, who knew what would happen? Reporting her now would minimize any future harm. Furthermore, Skylar was leaving for Murida the next day and had no idea when she would return.
Given Maisy's shamelessness, there was no telling what she might do.
After that, Janine posted about Maisy's visit in their family group chat.
It happened to be a time when everyone was free. Even Harvey, who was on campus, responded immediately.
"She actually had the nerve to show up? Mom, you cannot be soft on her. If she senses your sympathy, she'll only become more despicable! She might even threaten our lives someday, and I'm not exaggerating."
Charles replied, "Harvey is right. You can't go soft on Maisy. Also, I heard that almost no one who gets trafficked there ever returns. For her to come back means there's
е
definitely something fishy going on!
swne
"Maisy is capable of anything. Skylar is my only sister. I won't acknowledge anyone else, especially not someone like Maisy. I'm free tomorrow morning, so I'll go with you to report this to the police."
Steven also joined in the chat a few
minutes later. "What Charles and Harvey said makes sense. I
interacted with Maisy a few times in the past. She's extremely selfish and will stop at nothing to achieve her goals. She's not the kind of person Who would be grateful. 
"If she shows up once, she'll come back a second time or even repeatedly. She could resort to extreme measures if she fails to achieve her goal after several attempts. If we show her mercy now, it will only lead to endless trouble." 
Everything the brothers said was directed at Janine. They were hoping that she would understand that they weren't being cruel. It was just that Maisy had to be dealt with swiftly and decisively.
Janine looked at the words from her three sons before glancing at Skylar sitting in front of her. "They're afraid I'll go soft on Maisy."
###chapter1284
 
"They underestimated you. When it comes down to it, you know what to do," Skylar said sincerely.
The company had encountered many unexpected situations over the past few years that required Janine to make quick decisions.
Skylar had been abroad for several years, and due to time zone differences, it was difficult for her to learn about these situations immediately. By the time she found out, Janine had already handled them.
So, when it came to Maisy's matter, she wasn't worried at all. Moreover, it was Janine who had taken the initiative to suggest going to the police. Janine sighed, "No matter what, she is still my daughter. Although we have no real bond in this lifetime, I still don't want to see her continue making mistakes. And she should take responsibility for what she has done."
Skylar smiled and nodded. "Mom, you're absolutely right."
Meanwhile, outside the neighborhood, under the streetlight, Maisy looked up at the tall building.
If this had been three years ago, she would have felt humiliated. But now, after everything she had been through, she was no longer the same person she was three years ago.
Did Skylar and Janine think she was as easy to bully as before? Did they think she would give up so easily?
She knew full well that Janine was soft-hearted. After all, she was her biological mother, so getting Janine to accept her later would not be difficult.
If Janine truly refused to accept her, then there would be no need to consider their bond anymore. Since they were mother and daughter, Janine should also taste the suffering she had endured-Skylar too.
The more glamorous they were now, the more obvious their differences were.
"Whether it's the house or company, they will all be mine!"
Eventually Janine and her brothers would acknowledge her as their daughter and sister. That wretched Skylar would then be banished as far away as possible. 
She had heard that Steven had a fiancée, and they were about to get married soon.
Maisy's eyes narrowed as she let out a cold laugh. If she couldn't be happy, then no one would be.
Rosa had just undergone a series of tests at the hospital in Murida. The diagnosis matched what the hospital in Jipsburg had found.
However, they couldn't schedule the surgery right away. They needed an appointment, and the earliest available time was next Monday. Not being able to have the surgery immediately made Rosa a bit upset.
?
"Ned, I'm a little scared. I probably won't be able to sleep well this week. Since I'm still adjusting to the time difference, I can't even have the
surgery right away." Content belongs
Joe just responded with a quiet hum. "Listen to the doctor. Everything will be fine."
Rosa fell silent for a moment, feeling
a bit hurt. "Ned, since we came back, you've been colder to me these past two days. Are you upset with me?
After all, I made you leave everything in Jipsburg and come back with me." 
UMS
She had heard that Joe had sent someone to the university she and Ned attended over the past couple of days.
###chapter1285
 
Ned grew up in an orphanage and was a loner. He didn't want to make friends during university and only had Rosa as his girlfriend. Later, when he started working, Ned was ostracized in the company.
It was very different from the current version of him who, although cold in demeanor, exuded a natural leadership presence that made people unconsciously follow him.
Now, those who worked for him greatly admired him.
Thinking of this, Rosa felt even more uneasy. She had initially thought that leaving Jipsburg would help her avoid some trouble, but now it seemed she had overdone it. Her insistence on leaving Jipsburg made Joe suspicious, deepening her own anxiety.
She held her breath, waiting nervously for Joe's response.
Joe looked at Rosa, who was avoiding his gaze in panic, and his doubts grew even more.
"Stop overthinking. Go home and rest to prepare for your surgery in a couple of days," he said in a deep voice.
When Rosa realized that Joe hadn't directly answered her, she felt hurt and even a bit shattered.
"Ned, you have to trust me. The person I love the most in this world is you."
"Yes," Joe responded as concisely as ever.
But in Rosa's eyes, it seemed as though he couldn't even be bothered to say more to her. Her chest felt like it was weighed down by a heavy stone that wouldn't settle.
She opened her mouth, wanting to ask something, but the words failed her. It felt as if everything she could say would be wrong.
At least, there was no Skylar in Murida. They wouldn't have to see her again in the future.
Skylar had just awakened from a nap at 3:00 pm as she adjusted to the time, difference. She went downstairs and found Gloria eating some fruit while watching TV. 
swno
Seeing Skylar awake, she waved her over excitedly. "Skye, come try these! They're freshly picked strawberries."
Skylar's eyes lit up at the mention of strawberries. "I was just craving some strawberries."
Since landing in Murida, she had been catching up on sleep and adjusting to the time zone. Today, she finally felt refreshed.
"We're both strawberry lovers. It's good that we grow them, so there's enough for both of us to enjoy," Gloria said with a warm smile.
Gloria's majd in Murida, Veronica
et
Elledge, who was standing nearby said to Skylar, "Ever since you came back, Mrs. Martin Senior has been in such good spirits." 
Although Gloria claimed to be a strawberry lover, she usually only ate one or two at a time. It was only. when Skylar was around that her appetite improved, and she would eat a few more. 
Hearing Veronica's words, Gloria quickly gave her a look. "I'm in a good mood even when Skye isn't here. Of course, I'm even happier now that she's back."
Although she was old and reluctant to let Skylar leave, she knew well that Skylar couldn't stay in Murida forever.
After all, Joe was never coming back.
###chapter1286
 
"I'm happy to see Grandma too." Skylar immediately came over and sat down.
The strawberries on the plate in front of her gave off an enticing aroma. They had just been picked and were very fresh. So, she picked one up and ate it. "This is so delicious!"
"Eat as much as you want. If you don't have enough, I'll have Veronica pick more," Gloria said with a loving smile.
Veronica quickly responded upon hearing this. "I'll go right away."
"No, it's fine. I had a big lunch, so I can't eat much strawberries now," Skylar said.
"Alright, then I'll pick more when you want more," Veronica said. She had no children, and her husband had passed away from an illness when she was young. Since then, she and Edgar stayed at Pearlhall Residence to care for Gloria. Now, she treated Skylar as if she were her own daughter. Moreover, both she and Skylar wished for Gloria's health to keep improving.
"Thank you, Veronica."
"I'll go check on dinner."
Veronica went to the kitchen with a smile, thinking about what to prepare for the evening.
Skylar sat with Gloria for a while, watching a drama. They projected it from a phone as Gloria didn't like foreign shows.
In the evening, several guests came over to the house. They were Gloria's university classmates who happened to live nearby. They would come over occasionally to catch up with her.
While the elders were chatting together, Skylar sat nearby, joining in for a while.
Just then, a video call came through her phone. So, she went upstairs to answer it.
"Simona."
On the screen, Simona appeared to be in a hotel room, with a warm light glowing in the background. "Skye, are you in Murida now?"
"Yes. By Jipsburg time, you should be asleep right now. Are you up late or just waking up?" Skylar asked.
Simona yawned before answering, "I
might have slept for a bit, but it felt like I was half awake the whole time. Skylar, do you have a moment? I have some things on my mind I want to talk to you about." 
These were things she couldn't share with her close friends or her brother. The first person she wanted to confide in was Skylar. "Sure, I'm free now. Are you having trouble with your studies?"
"No, it's about a relationship." Simona looked at her phone, her face full of worry.
Skylar raised an eyebrow slightly. "Is there someone you like?"
When she went back to the country this time, she didn't get the chance to see Simona, so they didn't talk
much. And with everything going on recently with Joe, she had yet to reach out to Simona or speak to Aiken. 
AQUAS
Seeing Simona's expression, it was likely she was in a relationship or had a crush.
When Simona heard the question, her face flushed. Even through the screen, her red ears and cheeks were visible. She had a girlish shyness and sparkle in her eyes.
"Skylar, you really know me best. Yes, I do like someone, and we just confirmed our relationship a few days ago. We're classmates from the same year. He takes great care of me and is very talented.
"A lot of girls at school like him. I've even seen girls publicly confess to him during events, but he didn't accept any of them.
"I just had a bit of a crush on him but
thought I wasn't his type. But one day, he told me he liked me, which which caught me off guard, and I fell for him. I've never liked anyone as much as I like him. I did have feelings for Caleb before, but it was different. 
"It's just that... my brother doesn't like him and says we're not well-matched. I feel stuck. He wants to meet my brother, but if my brother finds out we're dating, he'll definitely be angry."
Skylar thought for a moment. Since Aiken mentioned they were not well-matched, he must have looked into the young man.
Considering how much Aiken cared about Simona, an ordinary mismatch wouldn't be an issue. So, there might be something concerning about the young man.
###chapter1287
 
Seeing that Skylar was silent in thought, Simona continued, "He came from a poor family in a rural area and worked his way up entirely through his own efforts. Although his family background isn't great, I believe that one's family is something they can't choose."
"Hmm, have you learned about his parents and family?" Skylar asked.
Simona shook her head. "I haven't really asked. I'm afraid it might make him feel inferior. He did mention that he's the only one in his village who managed to get into university, and his parents are proud of him."
Although Simona's parents passed away early, she had never faced financial hardship because her brother always took care of her.
She had looked up information about life in remote rural areas online and realized it was a lifestyle she couldn't imagine. This made her admire Stephen even more for making it this far.
Skylar nodded and said, "I think you should have a proper talk with your brother. He is the person who cares for you the most in this world. It takes time to truly understand a partner's intentions, but your brother is different.
"While a person's background isn't the most important thing, knowing more about it is essential. You've always been smart, and I trust you'll think calmly about how to learn more about him."
Simona's expression froze for a moment. She realized that, for various reasons, she had never proactively learned about Stephen's family situation. "Do you want to hear about my experience with my ex-boyfriend?" Skylar asked gently.
Simona nodded blankly, her mind in a bit of a haze. "Yes! I want to hear it."
Skylar then shared the story of her and Christopher, from their innocent beginnings in their youth to his eventual betrayal.
People changed. Someone you think you knew well might not be who they truly were. People might think that sincerity worked both ways, but in the end, it depended on the person.
Simona's eyes turned red. "Skylar, you must have been so hurt and heartbroken back then!"
Skylar smiled. "Sadness was inevitable, but thankfully, there are always opportunities to start over. However, life doesn't offer many chances to make mistakes.
"Simona, I'm telling you this so you understand that your brother has never been your adversary. He's the one closest to you. Even when the whole world abandons you, he never will."
"Yes! Skylar, I understand now. I've been so disoriented lately, seeing him as an enemy, and never truly got to know Stephen. I know what I need to do next," Simona said, her eyes regaining their light and showing newfound determination.
She hadn't thought things through before because she'd been swept away by emotions. She never asked her brother why he didn't support her relationship with Stephen, and she never truly understood Stephen. 
Family upbringing did indeed shape a person's character. She had grown up with her brother and witnessed the schemes and manipulations of so-called relatives. But she had just been too irrational lately. 
After ending the video call with Simona, Skylar opened her chat with Aiken.
There were several addresses listed.
One was Joe's current address, another was his company's, and another was Rosa's home.
It was also noted that Joe saw a psychologist every Wednesday afternoon, and the hospital's address and the doctor's contact information were included.
Since tomorrow was Wednesday, Skylar decided to visit that hospital.
She wanted to have a face-to-face chat with Joe.
She hadn't told Gloria that Ned was actually Joe.
Now that Gloria had already come to terms with losing Joe, she might not be able to accept it right away if she found out that he was still alive but had amnesia.
Once she got Joe to accept that he was Joe Martin and not Ned Sowle, she would bring him to see Gloria as soon as possible.
She didn't know how much longer Gloria's health would hold up.
Skylar drove to the private hospital after lunch the next afternoon.
She had looked it up online, and several of the psychologists at this private hospital were highly skilled. Many people came from faraway countries to seek treatment there. 
swne
She was also curious to know why Joe had been seeing a psychologist for the past six months.
###chapter1288
 
There were many cars parked by the roadside. But Skylar kept her eyes fixed on the front of the hospital while sitting in the car.
According to Joe's usual Wednesday schedule, she should see him within ten minutes. And sure enough, ten minutes later, a car pulled into the parking lot in front of the hospital.
Soon, Joe got out of the car. But Skylar didn't approach immediately.
If she went over now, he would be in a hurry to see the doctor and wouldn't pay attention to what she had to say or give her time to present any evidence.
So, she waited.
After about an hour, when Joe came out of the hospital, she ran up to him and stood in his path.
Joe didn't notice Skylar at first, but when he noticed someone blocked his way, he raised his eyes to look at her.
He was clearly surprised when he saw it was Skylar, and his eyes showed a look of shock.
"Why, it's you!"
Skylar looked at Joe in front of her, feeling as if it had been a lifetime.
Before this, she only thought of him as Ned, so she didn't feel much except for his face, which made him miss Joe.
But now, she knew very well that the person standing before her was Joe. The man she had been searching for over three years. "Yeah, it's me," she said softly.
Joe's deep eyes grew colder and darker. He thought he was seeing things for a moment and had mistaken someone else for Skylar. Even after leaving Jipsburg, the effect Skylar had on him only grew stronger.
Today, the psychologist also
reminded him of this, saying that he might have developed feelings for her. Of course, there was another possibility, and that was d great importance in his
subconscious. 
"Why are you here?" he asked in a low voice. This couldn't be a coincidence. So, she must have planned it.
"Did you investigate my whereabouts?" His voice turned colder, and his eyes showed more wariness, on top of his complex emotions.
Suppressing the turmoil in her heart,
Skylar admitted directly, "Yes, I have
someone look into your
whereabouts. And found out you came to this hospital every O Wednesday afternoon." 
Joe narrowed his eyes slightly at that.
Skylar felt a dull ache in her chest. Even at their first meeting, Joe never looked at her with such guarded and accusatory eyes.
An accident had turned him into a different person.
"Let's talk. But this isn't the right place," she added.
Joe didn't agree right away. Instead,
he raised his wrist to check the
"Get in the car. I'll give you ten el
minutes to explain." 
"Okay," Skylar agreed immediately.
They got in the car, and Joe drove to an open area with few cars and people around.
"Go ahead."
###chapter1289
 
The indifferent and distant tone made Skylar acutely aware that Joe's trust in her was almost nonexistent at this point.
Given Joe's current perspective, her pursuit of him from Jipsburg to Murida and her investigation of his whereabouts would naturally fill him with suspicion. So, she wasn't surprised by this reaction.
After quickly gathering herself, she took some documents from her bag. There were also a few photos included—one of Ned wearing glasses and one of Joe.
With Ned's glasses, it was easy to spot the difference between them at a glance, including some distinctions in demeanor.
Joe glanced at the photos with no expression. He skimmed over them briefly before taking a quick look at the documents.
"You and Ned were in the same car accident three years ago. Almost everyone involved died. You were thrown from the car and later mistaken for Ned Sowle and taken to the hospital.
"Meanwhile, the real Ned and your assistant were captured, taken to an unknown location, and restrained..." Skylar spoke as calmly as she could. However, recounting the events from three years ago was deeply painful for her. Fortunately, she managed to explain all the key details to Joe. As Skylar recounted the events, Joe picked up the documents and began to read them. The investigations in these documents were more detailed than what he had previously found.
But what intrigued him more was... "If I am Joe Martin, what was our relationship?"
Skylar was momentarily stunned. The photos and documents she brought did not explicitly state the nature of their relationship, and there was also no mention of her and Joe in past media coverage.
Meeting his gaze, she slowly said, "We were married." Then, she showed him their marriage certificate and a photo.
They had a photo taken with their marriage certificate the day they registered.
Rosa had arrived at Joe's place at around five in the evening.
villa, but this was
Their home together was a large
sw nove
where Joe stayed before marriage. She had the key to this place. 
She would come over whenever she had time. Although Joe had hired someone to clean the place and prepare dinner, she would still come by to help organize things. 
Doing so gave her a strong sense of belonging, as if she were meant to be Joe's wife and he was meant to be her husband.
They belonged to each other. And no one should come between them.
However, tonight, the housekeeper had finished preparing dinner and had left. Joe was supposed to be home by now, but why hadn'the returned? 
An inexplicable sense of unease crept in, and she immediately called Joe. But the call went unanswered. Then, she called the psychologist. After a brief inquiry, she was told that Joe had left as usual after the session. Feeling worried, she asked, "Doctor, is there any chance that Mr. Sowle might have regained his memory?" She had opposed Joe seeing a psychologist since the beginning.
She was afraid he would remember the past, so she always told him that the past didn't matter; only their future did.
Yet, he still made appointments with the psychologist, though fortunately, he hadn't remembered anything over the past few years.
###chapter1290
 
The psychiatrist sighed and said, "It's possible, but it would require him to keep interacting with old friends or have someone stimulate those memories.
"Actually, there has been some progress today. Mr. Sowle seemed to recall one or two fragments, possibly scenes with you from the past. Ms. Reese, you could try taking Mr. Sowle to places you used to visit to help jog his memory."
Upon hearing this, Rosa gripped her phone tightly. "Alright, I understand. Thank you, doctor."
After hanging up, Rosa caught a glimpse of her pale face in the mirror. For a moment, panic surged within her.
Previously, the doctors had clearly said that Joe might never regain his memories due to his brain injury.
But just now, the psychologist said that, although it might be difficult, it wasn't impossible for him to regain his memory. It sounded like Joe had already started to remember some things.
Could it be...
Did the trip to Jipsburg and meeting Skylar trigger something in him?
Thinking this, she clenched her teeth hard. If that were true, she deeply regretted making that trip.
Then, she started calling Joe again repeatedly. After about a dozen calls, suddenly, she heard the front door open.
Rosa rushed to the entrance and saw Joe changing his shoes. At that moment, panic, helplessness, and fear flooded her heart as she called out, "Ned..."
Joe looked up at her when he heard her voice.
Rosa's back stiffened at that. It felt as if he was trapping her in his gaze.
Even though he was looking at her the same way as before, with a deep and unreadable gaze, there was now an added distance.
"Why... Why are you back so late?" she asked, regaining her composure.
After changing his shoes, Joe walked in and said, "I had some things to take care of."
"Ned, can we move up the wedding date? I don't know why, but lately, I keep having nightmares. You were leaving me in the dreams. I'm really scared!
"Perhaps it's due to the upcoming surgery, but I'm really afraid that something might go wrong. You know how fragile my health has always been.
"And I even keep dreaming about the
time you were taken to the hospital. Back then, thought I was going to lose you forever. But I didn't, and you'll never leave me, right?" Rosa's anxiety and fear were evident as she sought reassurance from Joe. 
She kept bringing up the past, trying to remind him of her devotion.
Joe's expression wavered slightly at her words.
Looking at the frail woman pleading before him, his mind replayed the moment when Skylar told him they were married.
At that moment, Skylar's eyes had
et
sparkled. For a moment, he, too, suspected that he might be Joe Martin. The fleeting images in his mind had overlapped with Skylar. Yet he instinctively felt something was off. Content belongs. 
S
Seeing that Joe didn't respond and appeared somewhat absent-minded, Rosa suddenly threw her arms around him.
"Ned, have you really fallen for
someone else? Have we been
together for so long that you've lost interest and grown tired of being with me? Is that it?" she asked, her voice trembling with desperation. 
He seemed to drift off even with her humble pleading. What was he thinking about that distracted him?
It didn't seem like it was work-related, but more like he was thinking about a woman.
Had he started thinking about Skylar already, even though they'd only returned from Jipsburg a few days ago?
Did he miss her that much after just a few encounters? Where did that leave her?
"If you've fallen for another woman, Ned, I would be utterly heartbroken."
###chapter1291
 
Rosa was genuinely devoted to Joe. Having given so much, she didn't want to end up losing both her heart and her wealth.
Joe snapped out of his wandering thoughts, looked down at Rosa, and asked, "Why are you afraid?"
"Because I feel like your heart is no longer with me. We used to share everything and do everything together, but now your distance makes me feel like we're worlds apart."
Rosa struggled to put her thoughts into words, fearing that saying too much might push Joe further away.
Joe gently pushed her aside and walked further inside, pouring himself a glass of water. While drinking, he carefully observed Rosa's reaction.
Since their trip to Jipsburg, her behavior had been peculiar.
"We've been through a lot together. There's no need for you to overthink. Now, tell me about the past," he said.
Rosa's eyes widened at that. "Why are you suddenly curious about the past? You said before that you weren't interested in it. Sometimes, you didn't want to know even when I tried to talk about it."
Joe's tone was calm. "That was before. Now, I want to know."
"In the past... we didn't have much money. During the toughest times, we even slept on the streets. We..." Rosa kept her account vague, avoiding any specific details about where and what they had been through.
Joe squinted slightly. He had no memory of the past she spoke of and didn't feel the need to dig any deeper.
Meanwhile, Simona had brought Stephen to a high-class restaurant for a meal. It was their first time going there together.
Previously, their dates were limited to movie theaters, local restaurants near school, or short trips in the area.
Today, the restaurant they visited was one she often frequented with her brother.
Stephen seemed somewhat out of place there.
"Are you not used to this? If you're uncomfortable with the food
we could go to the restaurant next door Simona asked, her tone gentle and considerate. 
Being in such an unfamiliar environment, Stephen indeed felt a bit uneasy, even slightly out of place. He had never set foot in such establishments before.
However, he knew that he would eventually have to get accustomed to places like this and even more exclusive settings. So, he shook his head and said, "Let's stay here." 
UMS
He then watched as Simona effortlessly placed their order, choosing several dishes that, to him, seemed extraordinarily expensive without batting an eye.
After she was done, Simona handed the menu to Stephen. "See if there's anything else you'd like. I just ordered my favorites."
Taking the menu, Stephen noticed the prices and felt his hand start to tremble slightly as he held it.
He had heard his classmates
mention this restaurant before. It was known for its outrageous prices and was frequented only by people was from a social class they couldn't touch. 
The fact that a place he wouldn't dare to visit was one Simona frequented made his heart tremble uncontrollably.
###chapter1292
 
Stephen knew very well that Simona's heart belonged to him, but he had to make her completely his today.
"I like everything you ordered, so let's stick to that," Stephen said.
Simona nodded. "Alright."
After a few minutes, Simona took a few sips of water as she gathered her courage and said, "Stephen, can we talk?"
She had thought about it for a long time and realized she might have been too impulsive before.
Stephen nodded, looking at Simona with a gentle gaze, as if she was the only person in his world. "What do you want to talk about?"
"You know I don't have many close family members besides my brother. And I still don't know much about your family. Can you tell me about them?" Simona tried to make her tone sound casual.
It seemed that when women were with someone they liked, they became cautious. Her current demeanor was so different from before.
She used to ask whatever she wanted directly and had a fiery temper. When she was with Caleb, she would speak her mind freely. But now that she had grown up, she was more timid.
It must be because she really cared about Stephen.
Stephen's expression shifted slightly. He hadn't expected Simona to suddenly ask about this.
In their usual interactions, he was careful not to mention his family much, giving the impression that he was somewhat self-conscious about it. This made it difficult for others to ask questions.
And up until now, Simona had never brought it up, likely because she was afraid of making him uncomfortable. Yet now, she had taken the initiative. He had a big family, but they were very poor.
"My parents have always been farmers. They've never been to a big city, not even to Jipsburg, probably because they don't want to spend money on train tickets.
"As for my three elder sisters, they've been supporting my education and haven't married yet. Now that I can earn money through part-time work, they can start thinking about their own lives," Stephen said calmly as he talked about his family. 
He knew he couldn't keep these things hidden forever. Thankfully, he had gradually let Simona know bits and pieces about his family situation over time. So, he believed that she was mentally prepared and wouldn't mind too much.
Simona nodded. "Your parents and sisters have indeed worked hard."
ne
Stephen's eyes reddened. "Simona, being with me might make your friends ridicule you. My background is truly humble. And I've been thinking a lot over the past few w days that shouldn't be a burden to you. Your brother disagrees with
Bur
rélationship, and maybe he's right. 
"I've made up my mind before coming here with you today. We should break up. I don't want you to regret this later. I don't want our love to change because of many other concerns."
He used this strategy of retreating to advance many times in high school, and many girls fell for it and felt sorry for him.
Simona's eyes widened in shock.
"Why are you talking about breaking up out of nowhere? I just wanted to know more about you, nothing else. Stephen, from the moment we started this relationship, I was serious about it, and I believe you were too." 
"Simona, what if your brother insists on us breaking up? I know no matter what we do, he might never agree to us being together," Stephen said, his gaze locked on Simona, trying to make her take a stand.
Simona shook her head. "No, once my brother understands what kind of person you are and meets you, he will accept you. These are not obstacles between us, Stephen. I've always believed that you're a strong, independent person."
Stephen frowned slightly. He hadn't expected Simona's attitude to suddenly become so resolute. He couldn't help but ask, "Simona, I'm saying what if."
"Hey, Simona?"
They heard a surprised voice coming from the side.
Simona and Stephen looked up at the same time.
###chapter1293
 
Caleb first saw Simona, and only after speaking did he notice the person sitting across from her.
There was a handsome young man with delicate features.
"And this is?" He glanced at the young man with curiosity.
When Stephen saw Caleb, he immediately felt guarded and wary. Being able to dine at such a place and knowing Simona indicated that he was someone from the same social circle.
With just one look, Stephen could tell that the man before him was different from ordinary people like himself.
"Caleb? What a coincidence. This is my boyfriend, Stephen. We just made our relationship official, so I haven't told many friends yet," Simona said.
She didn't want to hide anything, especially since they had already run into each other. Introducing Stephen to her friends would be a good start, as he would eventually meet them anyway.
Stephen felt a bit uneasy but managed to remain composed as he stood up and extended his hand toward Caleb. "Hello, I'm Stephen Pearce, Simona's boyfriend."
Caleb shook Stephen's hand and smiled. "Caleb Gardner, a friend of Simona's."
"Caleb and I have known each other since we were kids. You don't have to feel nervous around him. We'll be seeing each other often," Simona quickly said, worried that Stephen might feel uncomfortable.
Stephen smiled and said, "Okay."
What he felt wasn't nervousness but an ingrained sense of inferiority. He felt that Caleb was scrutinizing him, assessing whether he was worthy of being Simona's boyfriend.
Noticing that Stephen's gaze was a bit evasive and avoiding direct eye contact, Caleb raised an eyebrow. "Are you two university classmates? Simona, you're pretty tight-lipped, huh? You didn't even tell us you had a boyfriend." 
"There just wasn't a good opportunity yet. Now that we've run into each other, I can introduce him. Don't nitpick! Who are you meeting today?" Simona spoke to Caleb with casual ease. 
"I'm by myself. When I passed by, I was tempted by the smell."
"Then join us for dinner. I ordered quite a bit, and I can add a few more dishes, including your favorite foie gras," Simona said casually.
Stephen felt a twinge of dissatisfaction. His plans were disrupted. There were some things he couldn't say in front of others.
"Is that okay? I don't want to intrude on your date," Caleb said, noticing Stephen's reluctance.
After all, most people didn't appreciate a third party interrupting their date. He wouldn't impose normally, but for some reason, he felt like staying to observe today.
Stephen's expression gave him an inexplicable feeling. He looked like he was scheming something.
Of course, it was possible that he was just being overly suspicious due to recent exposure to complicated situations and overthinking things.
"You're not intruding, of course. We see each other all the time at university, and since you're a friend of Simona's, you should just join us," Stephen said before Simona could speak. 
Simona immediately nodded. "No intrusion at all. Sit down."
Caleb was not one to overthink things. So he took a seat.
The rest of the meal appeared to be an enjoyable experience for everyone.
###chapter1294
 
Caleb was the kind of person who could always keep the atmosphere light. He and Simona were especially close friends, and Stephen had a knack for joining the conversation at the right moments.
All three were in high spirits by the time the dinner ended. But when it came to paying the bill, Stephen didn't make any move. Instead, Simona, almost out of habit, simply settled it herself.
It seemed like this wasn't the first time it had happened. Caleb couldn't help but discreetly study Stephen more closely.
Sensing Caleb's gaze, Stephen quickly explained, "Simona insisted on bringing me here today. I didn't want to dampen her spirits."
Hearing this, Caleb smiled and said, "Oh, I see."
After they left the restaurant, Stephen received an urgent phone call, so he promptly left. Simona looked a bit reluctant to see him go.
Noticing her expression, Caleb teased, "Looks like you really like him, huh?"
Simona turned her attention back to Caleb and didn't bother hiding her feelings. "He's my true love. I liked him from the moment I met him."
"I didn't expect you to be into that type," Caleb said.
Stephen struck him as someone who was hiding his true self.
Simona rolled her eyes. "You wouldn't understand since you've never had a girlfriend. I suggest you find one soon and stop hoping for something with Skylar. There's no chance between you two."
Caleb's expression faltered. "Why not? As long as it's not over, there's still a chance. Besides, I don't like anyone else but her. I noticed you paid the bill just now. Is it always you paying when you two go out?"
Simona nodded. "You know me, I don't care about those things. Money's just a material thing. It's like with you-neither of us is lacking in that department."
What they both lacked was genuine love.
Caleb frowned. He hadn't thought much of it before, but now he wondered if Aiken had kept Simona sheltered a tad too much. "Have you introduced him to Aiken yet?" he asked.
"Not yet. Maybe in a little while," Simona replied. She thought she needed more time to consider things. She wasn't ready yet.
Caleb narrowed his eyes. "As your
friend, I'll give you some
net
advice-don't give your heart too freely to any man. The more transparent you are with him. The more it can backfire on you. You should probably bring him to meet Aiken sooner rather than later." 
Simona grew a bit impatient and waved her hand dismissively. "Alright, I get it. Since when did it become your job to lecture me? You don't know Stephen. He's honestly the best guy I've ever met. Now that you've had your free meal, why don't you get lost?" 
"Fine. But don't say I didn't warn you. You'll regret it if you don't think this through. I'm leaving now," Caleb said, knowing there was no point in saying more. Simona wouldn't listen anyway.
Still, Caleb wasn't too worried about Sioman being deceived. Aiken wasn't someone who could easily be fooled. If Stephen weren't as good as he seemed, he would just have to watch out when Aiken got involved.
That evening, Skylar received an international call from Steven.
"How have the past few days been? Is everything going smoothly?" Steven asked with concern.
Skylar responded softly, "Yeah. Everything is going well. I met Joe and discussed some of my doubts. While he hasn't regained his memory yet, I think he's starting to question his current identity."
"Good. I'll be heading to Murida for a
et
business trip soon, so I'll stop by to see you and Mrs. Martin Senior. Now that you've found him and confirmed he's Joe, there's no rush. If you push too hard, it'll only make him tess likely to believe you Take it slow, Skye. I'm sure he'll remember everything eventually," Steven said. 
Skylar smiled and said, "Okay, I understand. By the way, has Maisy tried to visit Mom again? Are there any updates from the police?"
###chapter1295
 
Maisy was like a ticking time bomb. Although Janine had reported her a few days back, the police needed concrete evidence, so it wasn't something that could be resolved in a day or two.
The thought of her behavior left them feeling nauseated.
At the mention of Maisy, Steven's tone turned icy. "No updates for now. But don't worry, she hasn't tried to see Mom lately and won't get a chance to. The security guards at the complex and Sullance Group know who she is and won't let her get close. As for Charles and me, she probably realizes bothering us is pointless."
With Maisy, there was no room for compassion.
"I still feel a bit uneasy. Maisy isn't the type to stay put. You both need to stay on guard," Skylar said.
"Alright. Don't worry about things here. Just take care of yourself, and let me know if anything comes up." Steven reassured her, his concern evident in his tone.
Skylar smiled. "Got it."
Skylar and Steven chatted briefly, then hung up. Just then, Skylar noticed that the message she had sent Joe, which had gone unanswered for so long, was now marked as read. Although he hadn't responded, it felt like a good sign to her.
Staring at the chat window, she wanted to say something but was suddenly at a loss for words. She wondered how much of what she had told him he had believed. Joe hadn't reached out in the last couple of days, and she hadn't tried to contact him either.
This gave him a chance to process all the shocking information in his own time.
After thinking it over, she decided to send a single photo from their wedding album without adding any message.
She had a feeling that he probably wouldn't reply after seeing the photo, but letting him see pieces of his past might help in some way.
Over the past couple of days, she had been reading books on memory loss and ways to trigger memories The methods were straightforward, but the results weren't guaranteed. Still, she figured it was worth trying. It was better than doing nothing at atp. 
Although Skylar knew Joe likely wouldn't respond, she couldn't help but keep checking her phone. As she half-heartedly scanned her book and half-listened for any reply
notification, there came a sharp knock at the door. 
"Skye, it's me," Gloria said.
She immediately put her book down and opened the door. "Grandma."
Gloria stood there, looking pale, holding her phone tremblingly. On the screen was a news article from Jipsburg, with a picture of Joe and Rosa together.
Her hand shook slightly as she pointed at Joe's image. "Did you see this when you went back to Jipsburg? Have you heard of this Ned Sowle? He looks exactly like Joe."
Skylar had known this day would come-that Gloria would stumble upon news about Joe. In fact, nearly everyone in Jipsburg had already heard about it, though most kept it
to themselves to spare Gy
heartbreak. 
They were all worried that seeing Joe like this might stir painful memories for her. Skylar still felt that now wasn't the right time to reveal the full truth. So she nodded and said, "Yes, I did see him at a gala dinner while I was back. His name is Ned Sowle, and he does look a lot like Joe."
Gloria's eyes filled with tears, and she shook her head. "It's not just a resemblance. They're the same person. I'm his grandmother. He grew up with me-I'd know my grandson anywhere. That man is Joe.
"Skye, I'm not imagining things or going crazy with worry. I know he's Joe. I don't understand why he goes by Ned now, but he's Joe—my Joe."
###chapter1296
 
As Joe's grandmother, it was impossible for Gloria to fail to recognize her own grandson. So, this must be Joe.
Skylar couldn't help but feel her eyes welling up alongside Gloria. "Grandma..."
"Have you figured it out, too? You know he's Ned? The news says he's from Murida, which is why he returned here. That's why you returned early, isn't it? Skye, I've lived long enough to see through many things.
"I understand there's more to this story. Are you afraid I won't be able to handle it? Is that why you didn't want to worry me?" As Gloria spoke, her heart ached even more for Skylar.
Skylar had been carrying all these burdens alone. After returning, she acted as if nothing had happened.
It was only because she didn't want to burden Gloria with her worries.
Skylar had been thinking about not revealing the truth, but looking at Gloria now, she realized there were some things she couldn't hide any longer. So she shared Joe's current situation and explained why he had taken on Ned's identity.
After hearing everything, Gloria's expression softened, and she let out a sigh of relief. "So, that's it! I thought he didn't want me or you anymore and had changed his name and started a new life."
Just thinking about that possibility made her heart ache, both for herself and even more for Skylar.
Perhaps binge-watching dramas for years had filled her head with all sorts of ridiculous and melodramatic scenarios, leading to such wild guesses. Hearing Gloria's words, Skylar felt a mix of amusement and helplessness. "He wouldn't do something like that."
"That's true. I need to have a bit more faith in Joe. He wouldn't just abandon you and me like that. But has he not regained any memories since seeing you?" Gloria asked.
Skylar shook her head. "No, he hasn't regained his memory yet. Grandma, the car accident over three years
ago caused him severe damage
From what I've found out, he may
never recover his mov
At this, Gloria's face paled again, but then she smiled. "He's still alive. That's what matters. Skye, you're not in this alone. I'll be here to help you."
She had initially thought that maybe.
it was time to join her late husband, Viola, and Joe, but now she realized that it wasn't her time yet. Joe was still alive. 
She was determined to help Skylar bring Joe back to her side as quickly as possible. The past few years had been difficult for her, but Skylar had endured even more. 
"Alright, I'll work with you, Grandma, to get him home soon," Skylar said as she hugged Gloria tightly.
Gloria and Skylar found comfort in each other.
Meanwhile, in a well-appointed apartment with an excellent view, Joe stepped out of the bathroom after his shower. After drying his hair, he casually glanced at his phone. Before his shower, he had read Skylar's message on his phone.
Ten minutes ago, she had sent him a photo.
It was a wedding picture of the two of them looking at each other with expressions that radiated happiness, even through the screen.
As he looked at the photo of the man who looked exactly like him, he lit a cigarette, inhaling deeply as thoughts swirled in his mind. His mind was filled with images of Skylar.
This woman...
She was influencing his thoughts in ways he couldn't comprehend.
###chapter1297
 
In Jipsburg City, the bustling shopping mall was filled with people. Today, several authors were holding a book signing event.
A large crowd of fans had gathered. Although Mona was an online writer, she had gained significant popularity over the past two years. Several of her works had been sold for high prices to film companies, and two of her books had even been adapted into TV dramas that quickly became ratings champions.
As her book signing event wrapped up, Mona decided to explore the upper floors to buy some home goods and decorations for her and Steven's new apartment.
While she was shopping in one of the stores, someone suddenly called out to her. "Mona?"
She assumed it was a fan and turned around, greeting the person with a smile. "Hello."
Maisy scrutinized Mona. Mona's appearance was relatively ordinary, with only her striking eyes standing out.
To her surprise, Steven had become so successful but had ended up marrying someone so ordinary-an online writer from humble beginnings. "You probably don't know me, but I know you," Maisy said, looking at Mona as if she were one of her many past classmates and acquaintances. Those people always seemed foolish to her, easily manipulated by her schemes. Mona was exactly the type of person Maisy despised-a na?ve girl who seemed sheltered from the darker sides of life.
Just a moment ago, while signing books for her fans, Mona had been so caring and kind, and that innocent demeanor really rubbed Maisy the wrong way.
Mona smiled and nodded, not thinking too much of it, as she acknowledged Maisy.
Maisy suppressed her irritation and replied with a strained smile, "I'm Steven's sister. I haven't been in Jipsburg for a few years, so we haven't met. I'd like to discuss something with you. Can we sit down at the café downstairs?"
"Steven's sister? A cousin?" Mona asked, a bit surprised.
In the years she had been with Steven, she had only met his two younger brothers and his sister, Skylar. She knew there was a cousin back in their hometown, but they weren't close, and she hadn't seen her in Jipsburg. 
Maisy didn't deny it. "Let's go. We can talk more downstairs."
Mona hesitated for a moment but then decided to follow Maisy. If Steven's cousin wanted to talk to her, it must be something important. With that thought in mind, she agreed to go.
On the first floor, there was a popular café. Recently, a superstar filmed a scene there, attracting many fans eager to visit and take photos. Seeing the crowd comforted Mona. It was daytime, so nothing too concerning could happen. Once they sat down, Mona took the initiative to order two cups of coffee.
Maisy looked at Mona, an ordinary woman who somehow seemed to surpass her in every aspect. With a hint of sarcasm in her voice, she said, "My brother treats you well. You publish novels and sell film
rights, so I bet you're making a lot of money?" 
Right now, she was doing everything she could to secure a place to live, often sacrificing her own dignity. The clothes she wore were from the night market and of extremely poor quality things that used to cost just a few dollars were something she wouldn't have even looked at before. 
She could easily see that Mona's clothes cost at least several thousand dollars, and her handbag was the latest style. That was the lifestyle she once enjoyed, so she couldn't hide her envy and jealousy toward Mona.
Mona was puzzled by Maisy's slightly sour tone.
But then it clicked. She understood.
In her books, she often wrote about characters like this. People who were unsatisfied with their own lives and envied what others had.
###chapter1298
 
But this was to be expected. It was just human nature.
Mona had dressed flamboyantly for the book signing event today. But usually, a lot of her clothes were from Amazon.
"Steven's a very patient and gentle person," Mona replied.
Maisy chuckled inwardly at the comment. "Patient and gentle?"
Maybe that was how Steven was with Mona and Skylar, but he could be utterly heartless when it came to her.
"Can you lend me some money? I just arrived in Jipsburg and need cash to rent a place. I didn't want to bother Steven, so can you lend me some tens of thousands of dollars?" Maisy made her request straightforwardly.
Mona looked surprised. "Borrow you money?"
"Yeah, you seem to have plenty. Some tens of thousands of dollars shouldn't be a problem for you, right? I'll pay you back once I start earning," Maisy said casually.
Mona began to feel a little wary. It was unusual for someone to ask for money right off the bat. Moreover, she still wasn't sure if this person was Steven's cousin.
"I don't have any cash on hand and need to check with Steven," Mona replied diplomatically, refusing the request.
Upon hearing this, Maisy leaned back in her chair, a cold smile creeping onto her face. "You were so patient with your fans earlier, even caring about one who was injured and donating to help them. But now, knowing I'm Steven's sister, you'd rather give money to others than to me?"
Well, that changed things. Maisy had initially thought that, if possible, she wouldn't want to be so ruthless. After all, if things escalated, it would be easy for Steven to end up hating her.
But now, it seemed unnecessary. Maisy was determined to show Mona what true darkness looked like.
"That's different. You should just ask Steven for help. I've got things to take care of," Mona said as she stood up, ready to leave.
It was clear they had nothing more to say to each other.
"How heartless of you!" Maisy stood up as well, a cold smirk on her face as she suddenly revealed a spray can from her pocket and aimed it directly at Mona.
In an instant, Mona felt a wave of dizziness wash over her.
An overwhelming sense of
helplessness surged within her. Just as she opened her mouth to scream for help, Maisy covered her mouth. Although many people were around, no one noticed what was happening between them. 
As Mona began to lose consciousness, despair filled her heart. Meanwhile, just as Maisy was about to drag Mona away, someone called out to her. "Maisy?"
...
When Skylar
was asleepceived the call, she
it was a long-distance
call. The moment she opened her eyes and noticed Natalie's name on the screen, any trace of drowsiness disappeared, and she picked up the caff. 
"Nath."
"I know it's late, and you're probably asleep, but I had to call you. You won't believe who I just saw." Natalie's voice was filled with shock. Skylar became more alert and asked, "Who?"
"It's Maisy! I saw her in my café. That's not the main issue, though. The real problem is that she met Mona and sprayed something on her face.
"Mona is unconscious right now. I
don't know what would happen if I hadn't seen it and stopped her from taking Mona away. I don't have your brother's number, so I couldn't contact him and had to reach out to you" Natalie's voice was laced with anxiety as she recounted the
shocking events. 
It was incredibly intense. Fortunately, there were many people in the café. When Maisy realized things were getting out of hand, she slipped away.
###chapter1299
 
Skylar was wide awake now. "She actually went after Mona?"
She wondered what Maisy was planning.
Skylar had expected Maisy to target Steven, Charles, or maybe even Harvey. She hadn't thought Maisy would go after Mona, let alone drug her.
Maisy was truly rotten to the core.
Natalie exclaimed, "Exactly! You mentioned Mona is a famous online writer. I even looked her up and read some of her novels. I never thought I'd run into her like this. I'm still rattled.
"Maisy would have dragged her away if I hadn't come here. I still can't figure out why she wanted to drug her. She left so quickly that I just called the police."
Skylar responded quickly, "Calling the police was the right move. I'll call my brother now. Please make sure Mona gets checked at the hospital. There could be something left to analyze."
"Already on it. We're heading to the hospital now, and I've asked the staff to get the surveillance footage too. The police will have some evidence to work with. Whatever she sprayed was definitely some nasty stuff."
"Good."
Once she had finished talking to Natalie, Skylar immediately dialed Steven. Steven sounded surprised when he answered, "Skye, aren't you supposed to be sleeping? What's got you calling now?"
"Steven, Maisy went after Mona and sprayed something on her. Fortunately, my friend Natalie caught her in the act and stopped her. But Mona's still unconscious. She is on her way to the hospital now.
"I'll text you Natalie's number. Get to the hospital as soon as you can. Natalie has called the police, and she's securing the evidence, if any," Skylar spoke as quickly as she could, explaining the current situation to Steven.
Steven was stunned. "What?"
"Calm down, Steven. Mona's safe now." Skylar reassured him, trying to calm his nerves.
Steven quickly regained his composure. "Got it. Send me Natalie's number. I'm heading to the hospital right away." "Okay!"
On his way to the hospital, Steven video-called Janine and Charles, alerting them to the situation. He told them that if Maisy approached them, they needed to inform him immediately. He also wanted them to share everything Maisy had just done. 
He didn't want any of them to be swayed by Maisy's false apologies or manipulations.
Maisy's cruelty had reached new heights. If she was ruthless enough to harm Mona, then she might try to ruin their whole family next.
"Is she insane? Does she not realize
this is a crime? Not that it
matters she's probably broken the law more than a few times before
harles was shocked by
Maisy's brazenness. 
He never thought she would sink so low. At first, they thought it was outrageous that she had targeted their family. But now, she was attempting to commit a crime in broad daylight.
Janine was equally stunned. "What is she trying to do? Why would she drug Mona? Does she not know this is illegal? She's completely lost her mind!"
Thinking back on everything else the Williams family had done, Janine realized this shouldn't come as a surprise. It was still terrifying, though. The idea that Maisy might show up anytime and harm her loved ones was too much. She couldn't afford to let Maisy hurt anyone else. Steven assured them. "This time, I'm not letting her off the hook!"
et
He had initially planned to go easy on Maisy since she was his biological sister. If she hadn't committed any serious crimes, he wouldn't just turn his back on her. In the worst case, he could secretly arrange for her to be relocated and set up with a job to support herself. 
But he had clearly overestimated Maisy.
Mona was his wife and the person he cared about the most. He couldn't bear to think about what Maisy might do to her after drugging her.
Fortunately, she had been lucky enough to run into Natalie. He took a deep breath, calming himself.
###chapter1300
 
Steven's hands were still numb from gripping the steering wheel, and his heart raced with anxiety. He couldn't bear to imagine what might have happened if Natalie hadn't discovered Maisy's intentions.
He rushed to the hospital and found Natalie waiting outside the ward.
"She's fine for now. They took her blood for tests. The results should come back soon. The doctor said she should wake up shortly." Natalie quickly reassured Steven upon seeing his anxious expression.
Steven immediately expressed his gratitude to Natalie. "Thank you," he replied.
"It's nothing. You should go in and check on your wife," Natalie suggested. Steven nodded and hurried inside.
Natalie felt a wave of relief wash over her when Steven arrived. She quickly sent a message to Skylar. "Your brother is here. Mona is okay, so don't worry. Get some rest."
Skylar hadn't been able to sleep at all. She was anxiously waiting for news from Natalie. She couldn't shake the thought of what drug Maisy had used to knock Mona out so quickly. She hoped it wouldn't affect Mona's health.
While waiting for more information, she reached out to Aiken to ask him to look into Maisy.
"Alright, my brother is there. You should go back and rest. Thankfully, Mona ran into you today, Nath."
"I'm sweating bullets right now. Mona is pretty lucky. I haven't been to the shop these past few days and usually don't visit any particular one. It just so happened that I found Maisy as soon as I got there. You should sleep now, and don't reply."
...
In a basement rental unit, just back home, Maisy couldn't contain her rage and pounded her fists on the bed to vent her anger.
"I was so close. I was just one step away from taking Mona. Someone as innocent as her, with a writer's reputation, would definitely sell for a good price."
She had already secured a buyer.
She resented that Steven and his family were living such privileged lives. After all, if anyone deserved to be spoiled, it should have been her Maisy simply couldn't fathom why Skylar held any significance or on what grounds Mona presumed she could usurp Maisy's position. 
Maisy blamed Mona for everything.
If Mona had agreed to lend her money, Maisy might have felt soft-hearted and not resorted to such desperate measures.
But in the end, she had been discovered.
Maisy was certain that Natalie would seize the opportunity to call the police. She couldn't let them track her down, and she knew all too well what problems she had.
Yet, leaving Jipsburg like this felt like giving up.
Her biological mother was running a huge company, and her two brothers were successful in their careers. She could easily step back into a life of luxury and adoration.
But instead, she found herself tangled in a mess. It was all Skylar's fault.
Had Skylar stayed in Jipsburg, she would have caught not only Mona but also Skylar. Maisy imagined selling Skylar to Askea, where she would face the same torment Maisy had suffered. 
Despite her boiling hatred, she knew she had to leave, at least for now. If she stayed, the police would catch her.
After packing her bag, she prepared to leave. Just as she opened the door, she was met by three expressionless men.
"Maisy?" one of them asked.
Maisy's face turned pale upon
hearing that. She quickly tried to cover it up and said, "That's not me. Maisy just left a moment ago. If you hurry, you might still catch her." 

###chapter1301
 
With that, Maisy was determined to slip past the three men and make a run for it. She didn't know what they wanted, but she knew she had to get away.
Just as she was about to bolt, the three men stood motionless before her, their imposing presence blocking her path. It felt as though they could see right through her intentions.
"Who are you guys? What do you want?" Maisy gritted her teeth and demanded.
One of them replied, "You need to come with us."
"I'm not Maisy. Why would I go with you?" Even in her confused state, she understood these could have been the people Steven had sent.
He probably wanted to teach her a lesson for what she had done to Mona.
It made no sense to her. Mona was just an outsider. Given Steven's resources, he could find any woman he wanted.
She couldn't understand why Steven was making things difficult for her, his biological sister. Besides, Mona wasn't in any trouble, so there was no reason for them to target her.
"Stop wasting time."
Before she could protest, one of the men grabbed her arm. She struggled but couldn't break free, so she screamed. At that moment, the basement unit was empty.
Everyone else was outside, busy with work and making a living.
She was roughly pulled into a car.
A few minutes later, Aiken received a call and dialed Skylar's number.
"I just found Maisy. But besides you, another person has asked me to look for her. It's her classmate's father. She lured her classmate to Askea under the pretense of a vacation, but then she disappeared and hasn't been in touch.
"My sources have told me that Maisy has lured several people there. Those who fell for her schemes either ended up dead or became organ donors, or worse, private slaves for others." Aiken's voice remained calm as he spoke.
Having witnessed countless dark
I
corners of the world, he had grown accustomed to such horrors. But Maisy was particularly ruthless, deeply selfish, and always pusking her fimits. One could say she had no limits at all. 
Skylar wasn't surprised when she heard this. Maisy had always prioritized her own interests above all else, viewing others merely as tools for her benefit.
If those tools became inconvenient, she wouldn't hesitate to lash out.
It was completely typical of her. However, Maisy had crossed the line this time, and now she was about to face serious consequences.
Finding Aiken meant that the missing girl's father was powerful-someone not to be trifled with.
"Does this father want to deal with Maisy himself?" Skylar asked.
Aiken responded briefly, "Yes. He wants to handle it personally. Should I give Maisy to him or send her to your brother's side? Or perhaps to the police?"
Skylar didn't hesitate. "Hand her over to that father."
She believed this father would seek vengeance for his daughter and ensure that Maisy paid a heavy price for her actions.
"Understood."
Just as Aiken was about to hang up, Skylar suddenly thought of Simona. "Simona video-called me a couple of days ago. She's dating someone now. What do you think of her boyfriend?"
Simona was an innocent girl who had been hurt before. If she got hurt in this new relationship, it would be a significant blow to her.
"I don't approve of this relationship.

The boyfriend's parents and his three sisters are extremely opportunistic and selfish. They're local bullies and have conflicts with nearly everyone in the village 
"However, this boy knows how to charm girls He had deceived many girls, so it was not surprising that Simona fell for his tricks. But she's not willing to listen to me. I have other plans, so don't worry," Aiken replied, his tone serious. 
After hearing Aiken's words, Skylar felt reassured. "We need to intervene quickly. Simona is really into that boy right now."
"Got it. If anything else comes up in Jipsburg, don't hesitate to contact me."
###chapter1302
 
Aiken replied, "Okay."
After the call ended, Skylar pondered whether to inform Steven about Maisy. Unlike her, Steven hadn't experienced such inhumane suffering and did not need to know about this unsavory situation. It was better to let him think that Maisy was simply in hiding for a while.
With everything that had happened, Skylar found it impossible to fall asleep. She had also been reading, focusing on books related to psychology. Today, she was supposed to visit the home of an elder, a friend of Gloria, Nicole Binder, who was celebrating her 80th birthday.
Skylar intended to bring a gift and also consult about fortune telling. Nicole had been facing some issues at home. Initially, she didn't want to celebrate her birthday due to her declining health, but it was suggested that a gathering could bring positive energy, so she agreed.
Skylar had hoped to catch a bit more sleep to recharge before heading over, but unexpected events in Jipsburg changed her plans. She rubbed her temples and set down her book, then headed to the bathroom to freshen up.
...
In a dimly lit warehouse, Maisy was blindfolded, and a pair of smelly socks that someone had discarded were stuffed in her mouth.
Sounds echoed around her, the distant noise of video games being played. No matter how much noise she made, the others in the warehouse ignored her completely, treating her as if she were invisible.
At that moment, her fear began to dissipate. She couldn't believe that Steven would actually harm her. After all, she was his biological sister. No matter what, she hadn't really hurt Mona. She wondered if he could go as far as to kill her.
The only issue was the unbearable stench of the socks stuffed in her mouth, reminiscent of something worn for a month without washing. She didn't know how long she had been waiting. Just when she felt an urgent need to relieve herself, "Steven" still hadn't shown up. Approximately 10 to 20 minutes passed before someone finally arrived.
Hearing footsteps, Maisy perked up, making muffled sounds to signal "Steven" to come over and check on her.
She didn't want to keep chewing on those disgusting socks.
The footsteps were heavy as they approached. With each step, an inexplicable dread settled over her, making her heart race.
Then, "Steven" appeared right in
front of her. Maisy lifted her head trying to remove the blindfold over her eyes, but it felt glued to her face. No matter how hard she tugged, it wouldn't budge. 
Just then, the socks were yanked out of her mouth, and she could finally speak.
my
"Let me go! Take this thing off eyes. If you apologize sincerely, I might forgive you. Steven, I'm your biological sister. Think about who's more important to you-Mona or me? 
"You'd treat me like this just for her? Aren't you worried I'll never forgive you after this? And who are these people you've got here, anyway? They stuffed smelly socks in my mouth." 
Maisy didn't feel threatened in the slightest. She glared up defiantly at the person standing before her, demanding answers with an arrogant attitude. But the figure in front of her said nothing.
Then, out of nowhere, a sharp clap cracked across her face, leaving her stunned.
A powerful kick hit her square in the chest a second later, launching her backward. She crashed to the ground, the chair flipping over with her still tied to it.
###chapter1303
 
Maisy let out a muffled gasp, spitting out a mouthful of blood as her face twisted in agony from the force of the kick.
Maisy was completely stunned-Steven was actually this ruthless.
As she curled into the chair, pain coursed through every part of her body. It wasn't just where she had been struck; every part of her felt like it had been broken.
"Steven, have you lost your mind? I'm your biological sister. We share the same blood. How could you treat me like this?" Maisy shouted, seething with anger.
She would take the slap and kick as payback for drugging Mona. But she would remember this forever, and neither Steven nor Mona would get off easily.
Her plan to sell Mona had failed this time, but she would ensure she succeeded next time. She was determined to get Mona out of the way. She just couldn't stand Mona. Just seeing her reminded her of Skylar, and Skylar was just so infuriating.
But when Maisy finished speaking, the person who had hit her still didn't say a word. Instead, he stepped forward and brutally ground his foot down on her face.
"Tell me where you took Mia. After you lured her away, where did you sell her?" the middle-aged man, Rex Bird, demanded angrily.
She was shocked to realize the voice wasn't Steven's. Her captor was someone else entirely. He demanded to know where Mia Bird was he had to be Mia's father.
Suddenly, Maisy's entire body trembled uncontrollably. "I don't know what you're talking about. I don't know anyone named Mia! You got the wrong person. Let me go, or my family will realize I've been abducted and call the police. You'll regret this." She bluffed, hoping to instill fear.
"Still refusing to admit it? Well, whether you confess or not doesn't matter anymore." Rex was infuriated by Maisy's defiance. He already had the answer in his mind.
Aiken had informed him that the situation was dire—there was almost no chance Mia was still alive. It was just wishful thinking on his part.
He had cherished his beloved
daughter only to have her deceived and now lost without a trace. He was going to make sure Maisy paid for the loss of his daughter with all she was worth. 
Maisy had yet to grasp the terrifying consequences she was facing.
After all, this was Jipsburg. Rex couldn't do anything to her.
He couldn't possibly kill her here in Jipsburg. This wasn't some lawless place.
Just as she was still clinging to that slim hope, a sudden, sharp pain shot through her. Only then did she realize that her leg was injured. Something hard, like an iron rod, had struck her leg with tremendous force.
Maisy cried out in pain.
"Who are you? This is illegal! Are you insane? I'm calling the police. They'll come and arrest you. You're
finished, do you believe that?"
Maisy's forehead throbbed with
veins, her face drained of color, and her whole body broke out in a cold Sweat from the pain. 
The person beating her seemed unfazed by her words. He raised the heavy club again and slammed it down with force. Maisy could even hear the sickening snap of her leg bone. 
Then it was her hands, her arms-the pain slowly dulled until she could barely feel it anymore.
But the man beating her still wasn't satisfied. He looked over at someone nearby and asked, "Just don't kill her, right?"
###chapter1304
 
Someone said coldly, "Correct."
"Keep hitting her! Leave her barely alive so she can suffer. Once she is beyond treatment, throw her out. I need to make sure I get my revenge."
At that moment, Maisy was genuinely terrified. The pain was dulling her senses, but she still pleaded desperately, "I'm sorry! I really am. Please let me go! I didn't mean to deceive Mia.
"I was being controlled. They took my phone and lured her to Askea in my name. I didn't want any of this. Mia is my best friend. If you do this to me, she'll be furious. You can't do this to me! You can't!
"Please let me go! Take me to the hospital. My mom and brothers have money. They'll pay whatever compensation you want if you just take me to them."
No matter what she said, the torment continued. Finally, she passed out from the pain.
Meanwhile, Mona had already woken up at the hospital. Seeing Steven's worried and haggard face, she quickly said, "Are you worried about me? I'm fine! Good things happen to good people. Look, I'm here in the hospital."
Steven, still shaken, replied, "She said she wanted to treat you to coffee, so you just went along with it? You can't trust her. She has no boundaries and will do anything."
Mona looked pale with fright. "I thought the busy mall or café would keep me safe, and even if she tried something, she wouldn't be so blatant. But now I realize letting down my guard was a mistake.
"I won't make that mistake again. Don't worry about me. By the way, you said the person who saved me is Skye's friend?" "Yeah, she knows Maisy." Steven nodded.
"Maisy... No wonder she looked familiar. I'd seen some bad news and videos about her online before but didn't think much of it. I just thought she was too bold. I had no idea she was actually the sister you mentioned before." Mona broke out in a cold sweat, realizing the danger she had narrowly escaped.
Although Maisy shared blood with Steven, she had no boundaries when it came to her actions. Such a person could do anything. Mona didn't know where she would be right now if it hadn't been for Natalie.
She might have ended up in a situation where no help would come. It was terrifying.
"We have called the police. They have not only surveillance footage but also the doctors' testimonies and my statement as the victim. Can they arrest her now?" Mona asked.
Steven's expression grew serious. "The police are currently searching for her. They probably won't be able to locate her anytime soon."
"It's okay. Don't worry. We'll just
need to be extra careful when we go
et
out. If anything happens, we'll call the police immediately. We won't give her another chance to hurt us."
Mona reassured him, gripping his hand. 
UMS
Steven sighed inwardly. Mona was the one who had been hurt, yet she was comforting him instead.
Mona was truly kind-hearted.
"Okay, the police are investigating some missing person cases related to her and have already found some evidence. The moment she shows up, she'll be arrested."
Just the thought of Maisy being related to him sent a chill down his spine. He wondered how someone like her could share blood with him.
...
Skylar was on her way to celebrate Nicole's birthday when she received a photo from Aiken.
The picture showed Maisy battered and bloodied beyond recognition. If it weren't for her face, no one would have been able to identify this mess as Maisy.
Aiken followed up with a message. "My client wants to wait a few more days before disposing of her. After that, not even a miracle can help her stand again. She won't be able to harm your family anymore 
Skylar was stunned. It took her a moment to process the message, leaving her feeling somewhat disoriented. The emotions swirling in her heart were indescribable.
Before she realized it, she had
entered a relatively secluded
community. This area was in a small
town, with a pleasant environment and few people, making her feel safe. Just as the driver parked the car she spotted a very familiar vehicle nearby. 
It looked like the one Joe had driven to the hospital that day.
###chapter1305
 
Skylar thought, "Joe's here?"
Skylar suddenly remembered Gloria mentioning Nicole's move here when she was young. Nicole was well-known within the Clusian community and had helped many people over the years.
For this 80th birthday celebration, many people from the Clusian community would be attending, along with some of Nicole's family friends.
There would be quite a crowd. Fortunately, the event was held at a large mansion, almost like a castle, big enough to comfortably hold everyone. Once Skylar stepped out of the car, she looked closely at the familiar vehicle parked nearby. The license plate confirmed it-it was Joe's car. She had initially thought she would have to wait a few more days to find a chance to meet him. But it looked like she would see him sooner than expected. While she had come here feeling somewhat disinterested, her mood suddenly lifted.
Security guards were stationed at the entrance, checking invitations. With such a big event, the family wanted to ensure no uninvited media or unwelcome guests snuck in.
Each invitation had a unique identifier, allowing entry only for the person it was issued to. There was no way to impersonate someone else. Skylar handed over her invitation. Once inside, she located a staff member, introduced herself, and was discreetly guided through a side entrance into the mansion. She was brought directly to see Nicole.
Though Nicole was a few years older than Gloria, she was in slightly better health.
"Skye, you've finally arrived." Nicole greeted her warmly upon seeing Skylar. Several of Nicole's friends were full of praise for Skylar. Nicole knew well that Skylar was an exceptionally capable young woman.
On top of that, she was also the granddaughter-in-law of one of her dearest friends. Having lived a long life, Nicole had become an expert at reading people. She could tell a person's character with just a glance.
Skylar smiled politely and replied, "Mrs. Neal Senior."
She then presented a gift Gloria asked her to deliver. "This is a gift from Grandma. She wanted me to give it to you personally. Here is a gift from me as well."
"Oh, well. Gloria is so thoughtful. And you, Skye, no need for gifts. I'm just glad to see you here," Nicole said with a smile she couldn't hide, clearly delighted.
No matter how old she got, Nicole
still couldn't help but retain a
childlike nature. She still loved
et
receiving gifts. What mattered most was that she cherished the gift's even more when they came from people she cared about. 
After chatting with Nicole for a while, Skylar joined Nicole's butler, Lionel Pope, on a tour of the collectibles room and explored the rest of the house. Nearly all of Nicole's family members were staying at the mansion, except for a few younger generations away at school.
Today, she would be touring various parts of the mansion. Lionel explained that Nicole had already informed her family, and even the staff knew of Skylar's presence.
Therefore, her tour went smoothly, and she was treated with great respect as she followed Lionel through each room.
Skylar was determined to finish exploring all the rooms quickly so she could head to the lawn where the banquet would be held. She hoped to find Joe there and show him a photograph of Gloria.
After all, Gloria was incredibly important to him. Seeing the photo or meeting Gloria might spark some memories for Joe.
With this thought in mind, Skylar focused intently as she explored every corner of the mansion, and time seemed to fly by. The situation at Nicole's home was not overly complicated, but her sharp intuition tote her otherwise. 
S
Her youngest son, Ulric Neal, who had always been in good health, had been experiencing frequent nightmares over the past month. He hadn't been able to sleep well for a whole month. Despite several visits to the hospital, the doctors had found nothing conclusive, 
###chapter1306
 
Taking herbal medicine for adjustment hadn't helped either.
That was when Nicole thought of Skylar. Sure enough, Skylar found some clues in Ulric's room.
Someone had set up a formation with the bed and other items, and underneath the bed was a spirit-summoning talisman.
It was unrelated to any negative items. Skylar took pictures of the room's layout, removed the talisman, and returned to Nicole.
"The bedroom layout must have been arranged a month ago, as it differs from before. The placement of the bedside lamp and vanity created a formation that made it difficult for the occupant to rest soundly. However, that's not the main point.
"Mrs. Neal Senior, please take a look at this. This soul-summoning talisman is likely responsible for your son's continuous nightmares and exhaustion over the past month. Fortunately, we discovered it early. Otherwise, the person living here would have been gradually affected."
Skylar explained everything in detail. She was confident that Nicole would soon find out who altered the room's arrangement and had the chance to place the talisman under the bed. After that, it was no longer her concern.
After hearing Skylar's explanation, Nicole's expression turned solemn. However, at her age, she had encountered many experiences and wouldn't be easily shaken by such matters.
After a moment of silence, Nicole smiled at Skylar and said, "I'm so grateful to you, Skye. Alexander was right. You are a capable young woman. Thank you for your help with this."
"Don't mention it, Mrs. Neal Senior," Skylar replied with a smile. After leaving two amulets with Nicole, she was invited to explore the rest of the estate.
In the past, she would have handled her business and left. Now, looking out at the crowd gathered to celebrate Nicole's birthday, she realized many people were attending.
In the crowd, everyone was dressed
in a variety of formal attire, making it hard to distinguish one person from another at a glance. Yet Joe had an uncanny ability to stand out in a crowd, making it easy for others to spot him. 
As she gazed at Joe, who was conversing with others, she felt a wave of nostalgia, as if she had traveled back in time to several years ago.
At that moment, Joe seemed to sense something and cast a sharp glance in Skylar's direction. Upon recognizing her, he appeared momentarily startled.
Standing next to him, Rosa, who had been engaging in social niceties, blushed as someone nearby asked her when she and Joe would be
having their wedding. She looks
shyly at Joe and said, "Ned has been
quite busy with work lately. Once he
finishes up, we'll have plenty of time. to plan the wedding. Right, Ned?" 
Her voice trailed off, but she didn't receive an immediate response from him.
Those around them looked slightly surprised. Just when Rosa felt embarrassed, Joe returned to attention and responded, "I don't have time for a wedding yet, but we'll be sure to send you all invitations when we do."
Hearing this, Rosa felt a pang of disappointment. She had hoped for Joe to say they would hold the wedding soon.
The guests were sharp and immediately picked up on the unspoken implications, nodding knowingly and chuckling.
Rosa struggled to maintain her smile, but she managed to keep her composure.
Just then, Joe turned to her and said, "I need to use the restroom."
"Oh, okay." Rosa realized that his earlier distraction was simply because he needed to use the restroom.
After Joe left, Rosa smoothly
et
interacted with the other guests. Over the past two years, as Joe's company gained stability, she had evolved from feeling out of here element in such social situations to becoming quite adept at handling them. 
###chapter1307
 
Rosa enjoyed the feeling of being complimented. However, today's gathering to celebrate Nicole's birthday was filled with people from the same social class, and both she and Joe were considered newcomers.
While everyone was curious about them, no compliments were exchanged.
Strangely, Joe's presence naturally commanded respect. Even though he came from humble beginnings, his unique presence made it hard for anyone to overlook him no matter where he stood.
In contrast, she felt that people viewed her as someone who had shared in Joe's struggles. His rise to success without abandoning her made her existence a testament to his loyalty, which made it easier for others to consider collaborating with him.
Under the envious gazes of many young women, her vanity found its greatest satisfaction. Yet, her eyelids had been twitching all day. She couldn't shake the feeling that something was about to happen.
This was their first visit to the Neal family's mansion, and she didn't know where the restroom was located. The thought made her chuckle self- deprecatingly.
She had been too anxious lately. This was Murida, while Skylar was still far away in Jipsburg.
They belonged in entirely different social circles, and even if Skylar had her doubts, there was no evidence to back them up.
The bond they had built over the past three years was no illusion. Everyone she knew acknowledged her. She and Joe were just one marriage certificate away from making it official.
Alas, Rosa couldn't ignore the urge any longer and decided to head to the restroom.
...
Suddenly, Joe grabbed Skylar and led her away. They ended up near an orchard, a secluded area where no one was around.
Once they reached a tree, she finally regained her senses. She hadn't expected Joe to come looking for her.
Skylar looked at Joe with surprise and even a hint of joy. "You..."
"Do you know where this place is? How did you manage to sneak in?" Joe furrowed his brow, asking in a serious tone.
Skylar was taken aback by his question. "I know exactly where I am, and I didn't sneak in."
It dawned on her that he had brought her here because he was worried about her being caught for entering without an invitation.
She was aware of the consequences
of crashing an event like this without
a proper invite. Yet, she hadn't.
expected Joe to care so much. It
seemed he had some level of trust
in her. 
If he suspected her of having ulterior motives, he wouldn't have bothered to check on her well-being. Even without his memories, Joe was still incredibly perceptive.
Seeing that Skylar appeared calm
and collected, with no signs of panic, Joe realized that his earlier concern might have been unwarranted. Just as he was about to turn and leave, Skylar suddenly grasped his hand. 
She looked down at his hand, feeling the familiar warmth that had the power to soothe anyone's heart. Joe's body stiffened.
As he glanced down at their now intertwined hands, he felt an overwhelming urge to pull her into his embrace and tease her mercilessly. He swallowed hard.
He struggled to rein in the overwhelming desire that threatened to unravel his composure.
"Are you worried about me?" Skylar asked.
Joe momentarily felt disoriented, as if Skylar was playfully teasing him.
The sensation made his heart race uncontrollably, but reason quickly brought him back to reality. "I'm just worried that you might get us into trouble if you act recklessly. 
SV
no
Q.UMS
###chapter1308
 
Skylar smiled at Joe's words.
Although the amnesia Joe was experiencing left her feeling helpless, it also amused her.
"I've never been a burden to you never in the past, not now, and definitely not in the future. I indeed wanted to find a chance to talk to you after I saw you, but if that opportunity hadn't arisen, I wouldn't have forced it.
"I know these past two days haven't given you much time to find evidence of your true identity, but I want to show you these photos-Grandma's photos." Skylar's eyes sparkled like stars as she spoke.
While Joe was momentarily distracted, Skylar unlocked her phone. On the screen were pictures of Gloria, including some with both of them together.
In those pictures, Gloria always wore a warm smile, and it was clear she was happy whenever she was with Joe.
Joe found himself captivated by the images of Gloria.
In his mind, a voice kept whispering that this was his grandmother, the one who had raised him since childhood.
Seeing Joe so captivated by the photos, Skylar began sharing stories about Gloria. As she spoke, she even delved into how the two of them had met and how their relationship had blossomed into marriage.
The orchard was incredibly serene. They stood among the fruit trees, with a gentle breeze carrying the intoxicating scent of ripe fruit. Meanwhile, Rosa glanced at the time and realized Joe had been in the restroom for nearly half an hour. Worry began to creep in.
She felt an inexplicable sense of unease. Earlier, she had restrained herself from going to look for him, worried that others might tease her for being anxious about Joe. However, half an hour had passed, and he still hadn't returned.
Determined, she set off in the direction Joe had gone earlier. She questioned a few staff members along the way, but none had seen him. After waiting by the restroom and confirming he was no longer inside, unease began to creep in.
She wondered where he could have gone if he wasn't in the restroom. Rosa suddenly felt a wave of panic wash over her.
In previous events like this, he would leave halfway through, but he had yet to see Nicole. He wouldn't just walk out now.
She wondered if a femme fatale at the party had taken the opportunity to seduce him.
Rosa had noticed several women earlier, their eyes practically glued to Joe as if they believed they were beautiful enough to capture his attention. The sight made her feel nauseated and furious.
Just as she was about to ask a staff member which floor the guest rooms were on, she caught sight of an orchard nearby. In the distance, she could make out the silhouettes of a suited man and a woman in a blue dress.
It appeared they were sharing an intimate moment, hidden away from the crowd.
The color of that suit... It was identical to Joe's. She couldn't recall which of the women she had seen earlier was wearing that blue dress.
A sinking feeling gripped her heart. Her face paled. She couldn't resist her urge to rush toward the orchard. Yet, she couldn't run because there were too many people around.
She couldn't lose her composure and let anyone mock her. Yet, her heart raced with anxiety. Despite all her precautions, she had failed to anticipate the scheming tricks of this femme fatale.
The orchard was secluded. If one didn't look closely, one wouldn't see anyone there.
They were so close together that she wondered if they had already kissed. Perhaps they had done something even more intimate.
As she thought about how she and Joe had never shared such closeness, jealousy and anger surged within her.
She was determined to ruin this woman's reputation. Everyone needed to know that Rosa's man was not so easily claimed.
###chapter1309
 
Rosa strode toward the orchard, her high heels clicking aggressively against the ground. She passed a few staff members who greeted her, but she didn't acknowledge them.
Walking in high heels was definitely inconvenient. Although the distance to the orchard seemed short, each step felt like it took forever.
At that moment, Skylar was still reminiscing with Joe. Skylar couldn't help but notice that he seemed completely unbothered by it all. In fact, Joe appeared genuinely interested. Encouraged, she shared as many as she could.
They had made significant progress today. Time flew by without her even realizing it. Reflecting on their past, Skylar realized just how many memories they had woven together during their short-lived marriage.
Suddenly, an incredulous gasp interrupted their conversation. "So it's you... Skylar, what are you doing here? You didn't sneak in just to see Ned, did you?"
Rosa's face was filled with shock. She never expected to catch Skylar in the act.
Earlier, Rosa had convinced herself that Skylar was still in Jipsburg, likely never to cross paths with her again. Yet now, there she was, standing right in front of her.
Moments ago, she had seen Skylar and Joe together, leaning in close. She couldn't make out what they were talking about, but the intimacy between them was undeniable. With Joe's back turned, his expression was hidden, but their proximity suggested that if they so much as tilted their heads, they could have easily kissed.
Anger boiled up within Rosa, her forehead veins throbbing with suppressed fury.
Joe turned to look at Rosa.
Rosa rushed to his side and anxiously asked, "What did she say to you?"
Skylar met Rosa's gaze with a calm, unbothered expression. There was no longer any need for her to conceal her presence-Joe was her legal husband, after all.
Skylar was confident that Rosa knew Joe's true identity. She acknowledged that Rosa had used her savings to rescue him, and she knew Gloria would be generous in rewarding Rosa for that. But that didn't grant Rosa the right to deceive Joe or prevent him from returning home. 
Joe replied coolly, "We didn't say anything."
"Didn't say anything?" Rosa's mind raced with doubt. After all the sneaking around, she found it hard to believe there had been no discussion at all.
A surge of frustration threatened to
net
surface, but she forced herself to keep it hidden. Turning to Skylar, she snapped I don't know how you managed to get in here, and frankly, I don't care who you are. Leave right now and stay away from Ned and ne. We don't ever want to see you again. Just go!" 
Yet Rosa couldn't ignore the growing distance in Joe's attitude toward her. It was a telltale sign that Skylar might have already revealed something about his past, perhaps even presented some proof of his real identity.
Joe was a cautious man who didn't trust easily, but Skylar had a disarming charm. If she showed him even a skred of evidence, he would inevitably start comparing them And the moment he did, Rosa feared her chances of being cast aside would skyrocket. 
She had always known there was a risk that Joe might regain his memories someday. But she had clung to the hope that she would be firmly established as his wife by then, perhaps even with a child to bind them together.
But encountering Skylar here in Jipsburg had upended everything, stirring chaos she had never imagined.
###chapter1310
 
If Joe decided to investigate thoroughly, it wouldn't take long for him to uncover the truth. The mere thought of that moment sent a cold shiver down Rosa's spine, filling her with a sense of helplessness and panic. It felt as though everything she had painstakingly built was teetering on the brink of collapse.
Skylar watched as Rosa struggled to maintain her composure and spoke in a measured tone, "Ms. Reese, remember that you're just a guest invited by the Neals too. You don't have the authority to send me away. Besides, what exactly are you so afraid of?"
Rosa's face twisted with anger. "You!"
Just as she reached for Joe's hand, hoping for some reassurance, she caught sight of the doubt that had begun to flicker in Joe's eyes as he looked at her. Her face instantly went pale.
Skylar then turned to Joe, whose expression was unreadable, and added, "Joe, if you have any other questions, feel free to ask me later. I'll take my leave now."
This time, she didn't call him "Mr. Sowle." He was Joe, not Ned or Mr. Sowle.
Hearing Joe's name, Rosa's eyes widened. "Ned has never been Joe! Skylar, why do you always mistake Ned for Joe? Enough of these baseless insinuations that only serve to stir misunderstandings or worse, create discomfort for everyone involved!
"Can you stop being so obsessed? I've looked into the Joe you mentioned. He's been dead for years and has no connection to Ned. What do I have to say for you to finally believe me?"
Then, she turned to Joe and said, "Ned, tell her to stop bothering you. You're not Joe, you're Ned!"
Joe's face darkened, which only unsettled Rosa further. The longer he remained silent, the more it confirmed her worst fears he was starting to believe Skylar's words. Anxiety surged through her, leaving her light-headed.
Skylar gave them both a slight nod and then left the orchard without another word. Watching her carefree departure, Rosa's eyes filled with envy. "Ned, why didn't you just tell her straight? She's obviously trying to use the fact that you look like Joe to get close to you.
"Who knows if she's part of some scheme? Don't tell me you're into her type that you'd leave me for her."
Her accusations were sharp, each word laced with a mix of fear and resentment.
Joe turned his gaze away from Skylar and looked at the increasingly frantic Rosa. The intensity of his stare only made her feel more uneasy. "Ned, you-"
"Who do you think I really am?" His
eyes were like blades, gleaming with an unsettling clarity that s
to
strip away any attempt at deception. 
UMS
Rosa's complexion drained of color. She avoided meeting his eyes, feeling the weight of his scrutiny.
"I... I... Ned, I'd always been by your side since you woke up without memories three years ago. We built everything from nothing together Was that all a lie? Are you truly willing to throw it all away because of a few words from Skylar?" 
Her hands trembled as she clenched them, her voice wavering with the pain of betrayal.
Joe studied her in silence for a moment before saying in a low voice, "Let's go back. The party's still going."
Rosa felt her heart sink. Joe hadn't
directly answered her accusations,
which only confirmed that he
as
beginning to believe words.
His patience with her had clearly worn thin.
Desperately, Rosa shot a look at Skylar. This was all her fault.
Skylar was trying to steal everything she had worked so hard for, everything that was supposed to be hers.
There was no way she would let Skylar walk away from this so easily.
###chapter1311
 
Rosa shouted to the nearby security guard, "She sneaked in here! Capture her!"
Skylar paused in her tracks. Upon hearing Rosa's words, she turned to look at her. Then, she stood her ground, waiting for the security guard to approach her.
Rosa quirked a brow as she observed Skylar's unflinching composure. Was she really banking on Joe coming to her rescue? Rosa couldn't fathom why Skylar looked so confident.
Just then, Joe's voice rang out from above, deep and stern. "Since when did you become so despicable?"
Rosa's face paled. "I-I'm just speaking the truth, Ned. Skylar must have sneaked in here. I saw her, and I couldn't pretend I didn't."
Joe approached swiftly, his long strides eating up the distance between them. By the time the security guard reached Skylar, Joe was already at her side. "She was invited."
Skylar glanced up at Joe, her eyes shining with a mixture of surprise and relief. He was standing up for her. Rosa, meanwhile, arrived breathlessly, her heels clicking in desperation, only to hear Joe's words. Humiliation washed over her.
The crowd began to murmur. Rosa had just loudly accused Skylar, yet Joe contradicted her so openly. Rosa's face flushed with mortification as curious onlookers gathered, intrigued by the spectacle. This was, after all, a prestigious event-Nicole's birthday celebration.
If someone had sneaked in uninvited, it could lead to significant trouble. One of the security guards turned to Skylar and said, "Please show us your invitation."
Rosa fixed her gaze on Skylar, certain that she couldn't produce one. After all, Rosa knew she had only come here to find Joe.
Just as whispers rippled through the
crowd, wondering who Skylar was Lionel appeared. Familiar with the security guard, he took in the scene with a sharp glance. 
"What's going on here?" Lionel demanded, his voice carrying authority.
"Sir, this lady is accused of sneaking into the party without an invitation," the security guard reported dutifully.
Lionel's expression darkened. "Ms. Sullivan is a distinguished guest of Mrs. Neal Senior. I personally delivered her invitation. You owe her an apology."
With Lionel's words, everyone's expressions shifted. They instinctively turned their attention to Rosa.
Rosa's face drained of color. She stammered, "I thought she wasn't invited. I must have been mistaken."
Several sharp-eared guests had
overheard Joe defending Skylar, and
whispers swirled among them. Joe, usually so aloof and
net
indifferent-even toward his own fiancee-was openly protective of Skylar. Curiosity flickered in their eyes as they speculated about her identity. 
As the commotion continued, a few acquaintances who had previously invited Skylar to their homes for her expertise in ridding their homes of negative items and evaluating and restoring antiques recognized her. Their faces lit up as they approached, eager to greet her. 
###chapter1312
 
Someone greeted warmly, "Ms. Sullivan! You're here too? If I'd known, I would've picked you up, and we could come together."
"The last time Ms. Sullivan restored that antique painting for me, she did such a flawless job that even my friend was amazed. No one could even tell it had been restored.
"Speaking of which, my friend also has a painting that needs restoration. She's been hoping to see if you'd have the time. We heard you were in Jipsburg, but it's great to see you back so soon."
"If Ms. Sullivan wasn't invited, that would be absurd! I could understand if I wasn't, but there's no way she wouldn't be included," someone else chimed in.
A cluster of influential figures, well-regarded in the Clusian community, gathered around Skylar, genuinely pleased to see her. Their warm words flowed effortlessly as they caught up with her.
Skylar was equally pleased to see familiar faces. "I've had some personal matters to take care of recently. But as soon as I'm available, I'll reach out to you first, Mr. Wolfe."
She added, "Today's situation is a misunderstanding. I won't hold it against Ms. Reese."
Her poised response and gracious response smoothed over the earlier tension.
Rosa's face flushed, a mix of embarrassment and frustration. The thought of today's humiliation spreading among Murida's elite was mortifying. She had no idea Skylar knew so many people here in Murida.
Though Rosa had investigated Skylar's background and knew she possessed real skill, it only fueled her envy. Skylar wasn't just a pretty face; she had undeniable talent. And to make matters worse, her beauty was enchanting, the kind that seemed almost ethereal. Men were effortlessly drawn to her.
As the crowd around Skylar grew, chatting and catching up, Joe watched the entire scene intently. His gaze remained fixed on Skylar, indifferent to how conspicuous he appeared.
Meanwhile, Rosa's face flushed red
with embarrassment. Thankfully most people had stopped paying her any attention. With her eyes reddening, she looked at Joe and softly said, "Ned." 
Her voice was filled with resentment.
Joe looked away from Skylar and said to Rosa, "Rosa, go apologize to Skylar."
Rosa's eyes widened in disbelief at his words, tears brimming as she protested, "You want me to apologize to her? Ned, do you even know what you're saying?
"She came here with ulterior
motives, trying to steal my fiancé! Isn't it reasonable for me to assume she wouldn't have an invitation? How could I just stand by and watch a woman like her get close
swn you?
"You want me to apologize? No, she's the one who should be apologizing-to me. She's the one disrupting our lives, stirring up trouble. She should stay away if she knows what's good for her 
For the first time, Rosa's heart burned with pure hatred, and Skylar was its sole target. Joe's expression darkened.
Rosa glanced at Skylar, who was basking in attention and surrounded by admirers. Jealousy gnawed at her, tearing at whatever composure she had left.
"I can't stay here any longer," she said abruptly, her voice cracking. "I'm leaving."
With that, Rosa hurried away, unable to bear the pitiful and judgmental stares from those around her.
Joe's gaze followed her departure, his brow furrowing slightly. He exchanged a look with his assistant, Calvin Valdez, who immediately moved to follow Rosa.
Once both Rosa and Calvin had exited, Joe's eyes returned to Skylar, his expression now entirely unguarded.
###chapter1313
 
Joe still couldn't recall everything, but he couldn't deny the inexplicable draw he'd felt toward Skylar from the start. There was something captivating about listening to her recount their past, whether it was about Gloria or their journey from a blind date to a marriage he could hardly remember.
Skylar suddenly felt eyes on her. Turning, she found Joe's gaze fixed on her, unblinking. She smiled.
Joe didn't show much of an expression, but internally, he was in turmoil.
...
On the drive home, Rosa's tears streamed down her cheeks, her gaze lost on the empty stretch of road ahead. It was as if she needed to release all the frustration that had built up inside her.
Calvin could see her through the rearview mirror, but he pretended not to notice.
He couldn't understand why Rosa's confidence had withered so drastically. She had known Ned since childhood; they had shared years of memories and challenges. Even if Ned's heart wavered like other men's, he would never abandon her.
Yet, Rosa's recent behavior was unsettling. She was teetering on a precipice, her actions pushing Ned further away rather than pulling him closer. Calvin worried that Ned would become displeased with her.
"Are you laughing at me? Do you think I deserve to be left behind?" Rosa asked, her eyes red with emotion.
She could feel Calvin's silent scrutiny, and the thought of even a mere assistant finding her situation amusing sent a surge of anger through her. Calvin quickly replied, "No, that's not what I think at all. Mr. Sowle would never abandon you, Ms. Reese. You two are engaged, and your wedding is coming up soon. He would never leave you, so please don't overthink it."
"You saw how he was when he looked at Skylar. He looked like he had lost his mind. He likes women like her. Maybe I've become nothing more than an annoying obstacle," Rosa said, biting her lip.
She wasn't being overly dramatic. She genuinely felt like a joke.
After more than three years of effort, she wondered if it had all been futile.
Calvin was at a loss for words. He felt that anything he might say next would only make things worse.
Seeing that Calvin remained silent, Rosa sneered and said, "See, even you can tell, can't you?"
Calvin pretended not to hear, focusing entirely on driving.
There was no way he could respond. Rosa was in a state of heartbreak and anger. Any opinion he offered would only complicate matters further. Hence, it was better not to say anything. 
et
Gradually, Rosa began to calm down. Once her emotions settled, regret crept in. She realized she shouldn't have lost her composure and acted so pitifully in front of Joe. Doing so only pushed him further toward Skylar. 
And to top it off, by storming out, she had essentially left them alone together.
Rosa suddenly shouted, "Pull over!"
Calvin slammed on the brakes. "Ms. Reese?"
Rosa bit her lip tightly.
A few minutes later, she finally said, "Let's go."
Even though she felt like she had made a huge mistake, going back wasn't an option. Returning would only make her appear weak. She'd already humiliated herself enough for one day. There was no sense in adding to it. 
Her rational side helped her regain control. Even if Joe ended up in bed with Skylar, it wouldn't change anything. Joe's memory was still not easily recovered.
As long as she remained Joe's loyal girlfriend, Skylar wouldn't be able to take him away from her.
###chapter1314
 
Rosa had already thought of a way to keep Joe completely by her side.
Calvin glanced at her through the rearview mirror, noticing the fierce glint in her eyes as she bit her lip. He couldn't help but furrow his brow, feeling an ominous premonition.
Rosa was becoming increasingly irrational. From an outsider's perspective, it was clear that Skylar and Ned were a better match. When they stood together, it felt as if no one else mattered.
To put it bluntly, the old Ned, who was bespectacled, had seemed a perfect pair with Rosa. But now, this new Ned-the one without spectacles-felt like he was from a completely different world, their energies no longer in sync.
By the time the event wrapped up, Skylar and Joe had hardly exchanged more than a few words. Surrounded by prying eyes, their every move was scrutinized, every glance analyzed.
As the event wrapped up, Joe received a phone call and left first.
Just before he walked away, he turned to Skylar and asked, "Have you and Joe ever been intimate?"
Even with her usual confidence, Skylar felt her face flush with embarrassment at the question. Her silence was enough of an answer.
Joe didn't wait for Skylar's response. He simply strode to his car and drove off.
Skylar took a deep breath and murmured, "Fine, I'll forgive you for losing your memory, but the day you remember everything... just you wait.'
A few days later, on a street in Jipsburg City, a figure drenched in blood suddenly appeared.
Upon seeing the person, passersby immediately called the police and an ambulance. Both the emergency services arrived at the same time.
A woman, drenched in blood and in
a critical state, was being rushed to the hospital. During the transport, police checked her ID and uncovered her identity-it turned out she was the suspect they had been
ove
desperately searching for over the past few days. 
"Who did this to her?" one officer asked.
"Considering her past actions, she probably has many enemies. Finding out who did this won't be easy. The place where she was found had no surveillance cameras. We'll have to wait until she wakes up and ask her directly," another officer replied.
As the officers speculated, the paramedics conducted a quick examination of Maisy in the ambulance.
The doctor frowned and said, "She's covered in needle marks. Looks like long-term substance abuse. It's possible she was hallucinating and hurt herself. Wouldn't be the first time we've seen that."
As the medical team and police pieced together theories, Maisy was rushed into surgery. Meanwhile, word of her condition reached Steven. Dropping everything, he raced to the hospital.
Upon arriving, he introduced himself
to the officers stationed outside her room. Recognizing him from the missing person report he had filed, one officer stopped him. "Due to the severity of her crimes, we can't let Je her," the officer stated firmly. 
"I don't want to see her. I just need to know how bad it is," Steven stated clearly.
Maisy's ruthless actions had left a trail of destruction. Steven had once sworn he would handle her himself, ensuring she never posed a threat to his family again. But now, it seemed someone else had taken that burden off his hands.
The police provided a brief overview of Maisy's situation.
As he learned that Maisy might
never stand again for the rest of her
et
life, a wave of dizziness washed over him For a moment, he could almost see Skylar lying in a hospital bed, her legs gone. The image of her helplessness and sorrow state stole his breath away. 
The terrifying thought gripped his heart, leaving him drenched in cold sweat. Only as he exited the hospital did the chill begin to lift, and reality reasserted itself. The image had been nothing but his mind playing tricks on him.
Checking the time, he noted it was 10:00 am there, which meant it was 10:00 pm where Skylar was. She should still be awake. He dialed her number.
###chapter1315
 
Skylar was just about to drift off to sleep when her phone rang, displaying Steven's name on the screen. It was 10:00 am in Jipsburg-hardly the hour he'd typically call, especially since he should be at work. If he was reaching out now, it had to be urgent.
"Steven?" she answered, her voice soft with curiosity.
"Maisy's been beaten nearly to the point of incapacitation," Steven said without preamble. "She's in the hospital now. The police have gathered enough evidence. This time, she won't be able to escape."
Skylar simply hummed in response.
"She's getting what she deserves. One can't run from karma forever. Skye, take good care of yourself. Don't worry about what's happening here." Steven hesitated briefly before finally deciding not to share the unsettling vision that had flashed through his mind while at the hospital.
It was just a hallucination. It could only be a hallucination.
The kind-hearted Skylar, whom they had nurtured and loved, could never be reduced to losing her legs and becoming so thin and helpless.
But for some reason, his heart ached. It felt as if the scene from that vision had really happened.
Skylar sensed a change in Steven's tone and asked, "Steven, is there something else? Are you worried about Maisy?"
She understood that, despite everything, Maisy was still his biological sister. After all, they were family, and it was natural for him to have such complex feelings.
They had grown up together and could sense each other's emotional shifts. However, unlike them, she felt nothing but hatred for Maisy.
Yet, she hadn't let that hatred consume her entirely. While seeking justice, she also focused on bettering her own life. She had people she cared about, people who mattered more than her desire for vengeance.
Steven replied, "It's nothing. I'm just worried about you being alone in Murida. I'll visit you in a bit. Don't rush things with Joe. Your happiness and health are what matter most."
"Oh, so you're worried about me! Don't worry. A few days ago, I met Joe at a party. He doesn't seem bothered by his identity as Joe, and I think he's starting to trust me. I'm sure he'll remember everything," Skylar said cheerfully.
Hearing her reassurances, Steven
felt relieved. That's good to hear.
Joe is intelligent, so he's pret
already investigating his
Vel
background. I have to get back to work now. You should get some sleep." 
"Alright, goodnight, Steven."
After Skylar ended the call, she didn't go to sleep right away. She found herself unable to drift off.
Searching for Joe's WhatsApp, she noticed the last correspondence was still the photo she had sent him earlier. Suddenly, she recalled the question he had asked when he left the party a few days ago.
People's nature was hard to change. Even after years of living as Ned in a foreign land, Joe's reserved nature remained intact.
Skylar had plenty of photos from their time together over three years ago.
Among them were pictures of them kissing in bed. However, she had avoided looking at or reminiscing about these sweet moments for the past three years. After rummaging through her gallery, she finally found two photos. 
In the dim light, the atmosphere in the images sent her heart racing. "Perfect, these two photos will do!" she exclaimed, quickly hitting send.
"Let's see if you can sleep tonight,
Joe." She knew he had been struggling with insomnia lately. If he was going to lose sleep, it might as well be over thoughts of their time together instead of worrying about the shadows of his past. 
Perhaps if he thought about them enough, he might regain some memories.
Joe stepped out of the bathroom after showering. He had been away on business for the past few days.
Now, he finally had some time to himself. He glanced at his phone as he dried his hair with a towel. When he saw the two photos sent by Skylar, his expression darkened instantly.
He couldn't pull his gaze away. Unable to control himself, he zoomed in on the photos. For a moment, he froze, his dark eyes now reflecting a hint of desire.
"She's doing this on purpose," he muttered, pressing his lips together.
###chapter1316
 
Joe tossed his phone aside and returned to the bathroom.
...
Rosa tossed and turned in bed, unable to sleep.
She hadn't had a decent night's rest in days. After the party, she had planned to have a good conversation with Joe that night, but then he unexpectedly left for a business trip that stretched over several days.
During this time, it felt as if Joe had vanished. She kept telling herself not to rush into contacting him, but he didn't reach out to her either. The situation remained tense. Today, she could no longer hold back her anxiety. After some deliberation, she decided to call Calvin.
"Ms. Reese?" Calvin answered.
"Is Mr. Sowle very busy these days?" she asked bluntly.
"Yes, Mr. Sowle has been very busy lately, leaving early and returning late. Some issues with a partnership have caused some complications," Calvin replied.
Hearing that he was genuinely occupied, Rosa sighed in relief. "When will you all be done and back?"
"We've wrapped everything up today, so we'll return tomorrow."
A flicker of joy surged through Rosa. "Great! I just called to check on Mr. Sowle's whereabouts. Please don't mention this to him."
Calvin hesitated for a moment. "Understand."
After hanging up, Rosa felt as though she could finally breathe again.
She had feared that Joe would abandon everything he had built over the past few years to return to Jipsburg with Skylar. While waiting for Joe to contact her, she had also researched Skylar.
Skylar had been living with Joe's
grandmother for over three years in Murida. The thought of Skylar being a nuisance was already troubling
enough, but now the added presence of Joe's grandmother made her feel even worse. 
Having to compete with Skylar for Joe's attention was difficult enough, and now there was the added challenge of an elderly lady who likely wouldn't have much time left.
Just when she felt a sense of relief, another wave of anxiety washed over her; if this matter weren't resolved, she would never sleep soundly again. She had to tackle both problems head-on.
With that in mind, she chose to
confront them directly. She wanted them to see the futility of their efforts and, ideally, force them to leave Murida and disappear from her and Joe's lives for good. 
In the hospital in Jipsburg, Maisy woke up in a haze, feeling disoriented.
For a moment, she couldn't tell whether she was dreaming or if this was reality.
In her nightmare, she was beaten mercilessly, unable to scream for help. She had begged for mercy, but it seemed her assailants hadn't heard her. They kept attacking her mercilessly.
In contrast, reality felt oddly comfortable. It seemed like she was lying in a soft bed as if she were still the cherished daughter of the Williams family. Everything good was hers to enjoy.
However, as she regained her senses, she caught a whiff of a pungent antiseptic smell the unmistakable scent of a hospital.
She thought, "Hospital... Hospital? Am I in a hospital? Did they bring me here? They haven't killed me?"
She struggled to get out of bed to find someone and ask what was happening, but she realized she couldn't move. It wasn't just her legs that were immobile; her hands were, too.
Panic washed over her as she remembered that her hands had seemingly been severed.
She turned her head to look at her hands and saw they were wrapped in thick bandages. With great effort, she glanced at her legs and felt a surge of terror. She pondered what had happened to her hands
legs. 
and
swne
###chapter1317
 
Maisy was now reduced to nothing but a shell of her former self-broken, like a discarded doll. This was a terror far worse than her captivity in Askea. At least back then, she had been able to maneuver and scheme her way to a better outcome. But now, she was left utterly powerless.
There had been nights when she dreamt of Skylar being paralyzed, unable to move. In those vivid dreams, she and Christopher would taunt her, cruelly flaunting their intimacy, watching as Skylar withered away like a neglected flower. Each dream filled Maisy with satisfaction.
But the reality she faced now was her worst nightmare. She didn't want to be reduced to a useless person. Maisy was supposed to be enchanting, irresistible-not a figure of despair.
"Ah!" Her scream erupted, raw and frantic, but what came out was a garbled, incomprehensible sound. She tried to cry for help, but the words twisted into pitiful whimpers, refusing to form.
Her eyes widened in horror. She couldn't speak.
Hearing the commotion, the medical professional, Helen Trivett, rushed in. Seeing the terrified and agitated Maisy, she approached quickly. "You're in the hospital. You're safe now."
Outside, police officers stood guard. Despite her striking beauty, Helen had learned that the woman before her had suffered unimaginable cruelty. It was too late when they found her her hands, feet, and even her voice had been taken from her.
Maisy desperately tried to ask why she couldn't speak, but every attempt came out as a slurred, garbled mess.
Helen observed her distress and responded gravely, "Your vocal cords are severely damaged. Unfortunately, you missed the critical window for treatment. The likelihood of fully recovering your voice is slim, though there's still a faint chance. Focus on healing for now."
Hearing Helen's words, Maisy felt an even greater fear.
She struggled with all her might, but it changed nothing. She couldn't even move, let alone get out of bed.
This was no different from the dreams where Skylar lay helpless while Maisy and Christopher tormented her, unable to call for help.
Skylar could talk, but it didn't matter-no one in the vast mansion paid attention to her words.
An overwhelming fear now replaced the exhilaration she felt in those dreams.
She exclaimed inwardly, "No! This can't be! I refuse to become this useless shell!"
Seeing Maisy's heightened agitation, Helen tried to reassure her. "Staying alive is more important than anything else. You need to calm down."
After conducting some simple tests,
Helen confirmed that while Maisy's emotional state was concerning, her physical condition was stable. There was no immediate danger to her life, and Helen stepped outside 
She then updated the police about her situation, advising them to wait until Maisy was more stable before speaking with her. Following Helen's suggestion, the police waited two hours until her emotional state had finally settled before entering to ask questions. 
Knowing that Maisy couldn't speak at the moment, the police used alternative methods to conduct their
net
inquiry. The next day, they contacted 
Upon learning about Maisy's series of illegal activities, Janine was visibly affected. Eventually, she agreed to visit Maisy at the hospital.
###chapter1318
 
After a full day and night of adjustment, Maisy finally recognized the reality of her situation. She had lost all desire to live.
But now, even death felt like an impossible luxury.
Refusing to eat was pointless. They had her on a nutrient drip. She wouldn't admit to those things they accused her of-because if she did, she would be locked away. No one would take care of her in prison.
Only Janine could help her. Janine was her birth mother and would surely take good care of her.
That was why Maisy had asked the police to find her, hoping Janine would get her a lawyer. She could pin all her actions on others. Now, she was the victim through and through.
She was the one who had suffered. If she hadn't been switched at birth and instead grown up in the countryside, na?ve and cherished by her family, none of this would have happened. She could have been a simple, na?ve, and innocent woman.
She could even be the type that all those wealthy heirs would fall for.
None of this was her fault. It never had been. Her fate was rewritten before she could even choose it.
Janine was to blame, and so was Skylar. It was Skylar who had stolen her life. If she had been born as Skylar, she would be the one married to Joe. As Maisy's thoughts spiraled, her resentment deepened. She seethed, thinking of the Williams family.
If only they had managed to keep the family together and pushed the company into the global top five hundred-but no, they went bankrupt instead. Kenny and Peter were clueless, one worse than the other.
Samuel's acting wasn't even up to par with Charles'. He won award after award and made absurd amounts of money.
Thinking of all this made Maisy feel the bitterness of her life intensely. Words couldn't capture that kind of suffering.
That was why Janine had to support
her, to get her treated in the best
hospital, even abroad. She
convinced herself that she would recover, clinging to this idea with fierce determination until Janine finally arrived. 
et
et
Before coming, Janine had heard all about Maisy's situation. Steven had mentioned it to her yesterday, though he had held back to avoid alarming her too much. Now, with everything laid bare, Janine could only sigh and think of the families of afPthe victims. 
As a mother herself, Janine knew all too well the pain of losing a child. Just thinking about it made it hard to breathe. Maisy had hurt so many people and felt no remorse.
The police didn't have any evidence to identify who had left Maisy in this broken state. But there was a mountain of proof pointing to Maisy's crimes, with more emerging every day.
When Janine saw Maisy lying battered and helpless in the hospital bed, her expression grew deeply conflicted.
She seemed momentarily lost for words, and Maisy stared back at her.
Maisy gestured to a pen and a writing board beside her. She wanted Janine to know what she was thinking, but Janine glanced at the items without moving to pick them up.
Instead, she looked at Maisy with a conflicted expression and spoke slowly, "I know what you're going to say you're denying everything you've done and want me to get you out of here, isn't that right?"
Maisy was surprised by Janine's insight. She had guessed her intentions immediately. Maisy blinked her eyes in quick agreement.
Janine nodded. "You're already in
your late 20s soon to be 30. You're
ne
an adult, Maisy. Adults have to take responsibility for their actions. You've hurt so many people and done so much wrong. It's time to own up, sincerely apologize to the families you've hurt, and not think you can escape it all." 
At this, Maisy's eyes widened, her shock leaving her speechless. She could hardly believe what she had just heard.
###chapter1319
 
Maisy's mind raced as she thought, "Admitting mistakes? What remorse? What mistakes do I even have? Everyone else is to blame here!" Janine noticed the rapid shift in Maisy's expression. While there was a hint of disappointment in her heart, it was overshadowed by a deep sigh. After everything that had happened, Maisy still refused to believe she was at fault. Suddenly, Janine realized that this visit was pointless.
She said, "The police have gathered evidence of your crimes. I'm sure they've informed you about it. Even if you don't confess and have no intention of seeking forgiveness from the victims' families, you won't escape the law's judgment.
"Now you'll have plenty of time to reflect on the wrongs you've committed. You'd even drugged your brother's fiancée. Just how malicious can you be? Don't ever reach out to me again. I won't be coming back to see you."
Janine was utterly disappointed in Maisy. There was no saving for a person who had sunk so low.
All humans erred. The important part was recognizing and correcting them.
Maisy would need a lifetime to learn that lesson. When Maisy noticed Janine was preparing to leave, she began to wail. "Janine, may you suffer endlessly! What a hypocrite you are!"
She believed those who had died for her cause had met their end justly. "Janine, come back! Take me with you. I've done nothing wrong. I'll never believe I've made a mistake. It's you and them who are in the wrong."
She refused to accept being abandoned here, not wanting her future to be that of a useless person. "Janine, aren't you supposed to be so kind? You've donated so much money to poor students over the years, so why can't you give that money to me? Why won't you help find someone to treat me? You're nothing but a complete phony."
Maisy cursed wildly in her mind. But no matter how loudly she yelled or how hard she tried to get Janine's attention, she couldn't bring her back.
After Janine left the hospital, her eyes were red and puffy.
She called Steven to update him on Maisy's situation before emphasizing that there would be no more connection between them. Maisy's crimes meant she would spend the rest of her life in prison. 
UMS
Next, Janine called Charles. Although Charles despised Maisy, he felt a mix of emotions. After a brief silence, he said, "She brought
upon herself. I doubt she'll ever fet
I
believe she did anything wrong, even on her deathbed. That name should never be mentioned in our family again." 
"Let's not bring it up in front of Skye." Janine reminded him.
Charles nodded and replied, "Skye has enough on her plate right now, so there's no need to burden her with this. Mom, I know you're feeling down. I'll come by tonight to keep you company.
"Steven will be traveling to Murida for work soon, and I'll also have a two-week break. So I'll go to Murida too. We can visit Skye then. You should also take two weeks off."
Janine and Charles discussed their vacation plans as they wrapped up the call. Charles didn't put his phone down right away. He stared at it, lost in thought.
"What's wrong, Charles?" The assistant director, Mick Castillo, nudged him.
Charles had been in a daze. He had to be called multiple times before he finally turned to Mick and said, "Just some family matters. It's nothing serious. Is it my turn to film next?"
Mick shook his head. "The female
lead has been given extra scenes, so
your part has been pushed to
tonight. Mr. Houle instructed me to
tell you to take a break. No need to wait around on set." 
###chapter1320
 
Mick glanced at Charles, a hint of awkwardness in his gaze. Charles had agreed to take on the role primarily because of Mick's request. He had accepted despite the low pay, drawn in by the script's potential. But the situation had changed dramatically since then.
The female lead, Rita Row, had the financial influence to shift the balance of everything. The script, once a male-led drama, had undergone countless revisions and was now almost entirely reshaped into a female-centric story. The other lead character's arc was now solely designed to support Rita's growth.
Charles' face darkened as Mick spoke, his eyes shifting to Rita, the rising star. They had crossed paths while playing minor roles in the past, and he had once been interested in her.
But soon enough, she had climbed into the beds of various directors, assistant directors, and investors, doing whatever it took to gain fame. This left him completely disillusioned with women.
He would have never agreed to the project if he had known the female lead would be someone like her. But now, bound by contract and unwilling to pay the steep penalties for backing out, he had no choice but to continue. With only a few scenes left to shoot, he focused on finishing his parts.
Noticing Charles' displeased expression, Mick quickly added, "Mr. Houle isn't happy about this either. He has no say in this production and is probably more frustrated than you. The female lead's performance is really lacking, and no amount of coaching from Mr. Houle seems to help." After hearing this, Charles' expression lightened a bit.
With a wry smile, he said, "Let me grab some iced lemon tea for you all to cool off. I'm going to take a nap. Just let me know when it's my turn to film tonight."
"Got it."
Skylar didn't expect to receive a call from Jipsburg's police. She was even more shocked to learn that Maisy had fallen to such depths, showing no signs of learning from her mistakes or reflecting on her actions.
Instead, Maisy was still playing the blame game, attempting to shift responsibility to others. She had
provided the police with a list o
names, claiming these individuals were involved in her fraudulent
activities. 
To make matters worse, Skylar had allegedly become the mastermind behind the incident that had left her incapacitated. The claims were completely baseless, lacking evidence, and absurd.
However, since it was a formal statement, the police followed the protocol and contacted Skylar.
"All of her statements are ridiculous. I trust the police," Skylar said to the officer before ending the call.
Skylar received the call just as they were having dinner. Gloria overheard the conversation. She knew who Maisy was.
Having lived a long life, Gloria could tell from Skylar's demeanor how much this bothered her. "Don't let someone like Maisy get to you, Skye. Don't let her ruin your appetite."
Nearby, Veronica chimed in, "I have a
relative who knows Maisy well. Her son was in the same class as Maisy in high school. Three girls in that class fell victim to her schemes, and they all went missing in Askea. They're likely dead since no one has been able to find them. 
"Maisy is truly wicked to the core. She can even betray her classmates and still try to pin the blame on others for her own mistakes."
People could be so unpredictable, hiding darkness beneath a seemingly kind exterior. The idea of it made Skylar feel sick.
Seeing the concern on Gloria and Veronica's faces, Skylar smiled. "Maisy's actions don't affect me at all."
She was merely astonished by
Maisy's thought process. She pondered what led her to believe she could deceive and manipulate
swn vol.n
everyone around her. Even in front of the police, she spoke nonsense. 
"Skye, are you going out tomorrow?" Gloria asked.
###chapter1321
 
Skylar nodded. The unpleasant feelings brought on by Maisy were quickly cast aside.
"At Mrs. Neal Senior's birthday party that day, I promised Mr. Knight I would go to his house to look at his paintings. He said they were seriously damaged, and I need to see if they can be restored."
Gloria smiled and nodded. "That's good, go ahead."
Skylar thought of another matter. "Grandma, things with Joe are progressing well. Once he trusts me more, I'll try to bring him over to meet you. You need to take care of your health in the meantime."
Hearing Joe's name, Gloria's eyes lit up. She beamed and nodded eagerly. "Yes, yes! I'm filled with anticipation. I will definitely take care of my health."
She couldn't help but think about how much she'd missed Joe.
So, while Skylar was busy tomorrow, she planned to sneak a glance at him. She wouldn't disturb Joe; she just wanted to see him from a distance. As long as he was alive, that was enough for her. She understood that everything else would take time.
But lately, Gloria had a nagging feeling that her time was running short. The only thing that comforted her was knowing Joe was alive and that Skylar would be there for him.
They had both endured so much together, and she believed their bond would only grow stronger as a couple.
She felt relieved.
Skylar noticed that Gloria's complexion had improved and smiled. "I feel the same way. Let's both stay healthy. By the way, Mr. Knight lives near several Floan restaurants. There's a place known for its roasted chicken. After my visit, I'll bring some back for us to enjoy together tomorrow."
Gloria's eyes lit up at the mention of delicious food. However, Veronica felt a pang of sadness.
Gloria didn't want Veronica to say anything to Skylar. In truth, it was only when she ate with Skylar that Gloria would manage to take a few more bites, appearing to have an appetite. But when Skylar wasn't around, Gloria couldn't help but feel nauseous, and she hardly ate anything at all. 
She was truly holding on by a thread. Otherwise, she wouldn't have promised to take Gloria to see Joe.
She hoped Joe would recover his memory soon and return quickly. Gloria was truly hanging on at this point.
The next morning, Skylar got in her car and left after breakfast. Veronica turned to Gloria, asking, "Shall we head over now, Mrs. Martin Senior?"
Gloria took a sip of water, feeling a
bit uneasy from the taste of
e
breakfast lingering in her mouth. She nodded and said, "Have the driver get ready. After visiting Joe, Cll swing by the hospital." 
She knew she had to do everything in her power to hold on. It was best if she could wait until Joe regained his memory. She didn't want to become a regret for him.
Though Joe appeared indifferent and detached from everyone, he was actually very sentimental.
Her only grandson deserved to be cherished. Veronica immediately started preparing everything, worried that Gloria might feel uncomfortable during the trip. She made sure to pack thoroughly.
Just as they were about to leave, a maid mentioned that someone wanted to see Gloria.
"Who could it be?" Veronica asked, surprised.
Given Gloria's health issues, she preferred a quiet life and didn't like interruptions. Therefore, anyone who wanted to visit would schedule an appointment in advance, so it was unusual for someone to arrive unexpectedly. 
S
###chapter1322
 
The maid said, "She says she is Ned Sowle's fiancée."
Upon hearing Ned's name, Veronica instantly understood why there was no prior appointment. However, she couldn't help but wonder why Rosa had suddenly come to visit.
Although she had never met this woman, Veronica felt a strange dislike for her.
Gloria was also taken aback. She furrowed her brow.
After a moment of silence, she said, "Let her in."
Then she turned to Veronica. "Put those things away for now. We might not go after all. I want to see what this Rosa has come for."
"Visting without a reason is unusual. Mrs. Martin Senior, please don't let your emotions run high. If necessary, I can call Mrs. Martin and ask her to come back," Veronica said, a hint of concern in her voice.
Gloria shook her head. "No need. She's just a young woman."
Having been around Joe for three years, Rosa must have figured out his true identity but had never revealed it to him.
One could only imagine how conniving this woman was. Thinking of this made Gloria's expression darken. A person who tried to claim what didn't belong to them was inherently wrong.
After a few minutes, Gloria met Rosa. Rosa was momentarily taken aback upon seeing Gloria. Gloria looked remarkably well-preserved and radiated an undeniable air of authority.
Such a presence was fascinating. Joe shared a similar presence. If Joe were here alongside Gloria, they would surely give off a sense of familial connection.
Rosa was surprised that Skylar wasn't there. After all, Skylar was living there as well.
Rosa had come today to make her intentions clear to both Gloria and Skylar. She didn't want to waste time returning later.
"Hello, Mrs. Martin Senior. I'm Rosa Reese, Ned's fiancée. I apologize for the intrusion today," she began politely.
Gloria coldly acknowledged her. "Just get to the point."
"Could Ms. Sullivan come down as well? I have some things I need to say to her too. I want to clarify everything while I have this opportunity," Rosa requested.
Rosa kept reminding herself to smile, but for some reason, standing before an elderly woman in her 70$, she felt as if all her thoughts were being laid bare. She found it difficult to maintain eye contact with Gloria. 
swny
Still, she was determined. Once she'd set her mind on something, she had to see it through, or she couldn't find peace.
Gloria raised an eyebrow slightly. "Skye isn't here. If you have something to say, just say it."
Rosa, even if she were dense, could sense Gloria's impatience in her tone. It seemed like Gloria didn't want to hear her ramble on.
Although Rosa felt a pang of
reluctance, she reminded herself that coming here was no easy feat If she didn't resolve things today, Joe would inevitably find out, so she decided to address everything with Gloria in front of her. 
She had gathered information indicating that Gloria's health was declining. Yet, given her persistence in living, Rosa couldn't help but wonder why she hadn't passed on.
Rosa frowned slightly but quickly forced a smile as she addressed Gloria. "My fiancé, Ned Sowle, and recently went to Jipsburg. To our surprise, we came across someone who looked exactly like him. That person is your grandson, Joe Martin." 
###chapter1323
 
Rosa paused, but Gloria's face remained a mask of indifference, leaving Rosa unsure of her thoughts.
An unsettling sensation crept over Rosa, making her feel as though her innermost thoughts were laid bare before Gloria.
However, that feeling of anxiety didn't last long. Rosa soon reassured herself that even if her thoughts were apparent, it didn't matter. She was merely protecting her interests.
"I've looked into this online, and I was shocked to find how similar they look. But that doesn't mean Ned and Joe have any connection. I would like to ask you to talk to Ms. Sullivan. She has been pursuing my fiancé multiple times, and it's becoming quite distressing for me. Her actions infringe upon my rights.
"Ned and I are about to get married, and I really don't want Ms. Sullivan to interfere anymore. I understand your feelings about Joe's passing. It's indeed tragic. But just because two people look alike doesn't mean they are the same."
After speaking, Rosa studied Gloria, but the older woman remained stone-faced, revealing nothing. There was no sign of emotion, no clue as to what she was thinking.
It was similar to how Joe presented himself-enigmatic and unreadable. Just being silent gave him an air of mystery, as if he could see right through Rosa's thoughts and feelings.
In this tense atmosphere, Rosa felt as though she was merely talking to herself. She tried to restrain her urge to speak further but couldn't hold back. "Please, Mrs. Martin Senior, consider how difficult this is for me. I need your help. I don't want Skylar to continue pursuing my fiancé.
"If this persists, I may have no choice but to report her for harassment. That would only make things worse for everyone, and I would hate for that to reflect poorly on you."
Having spoken so clearly, Rosa was sure Gloria understood her intentions. Yet, the silence that followed made her heart race.
It felt as if her thoughts were completely laid bare before Gloria.
"Are you feeling guilty?" Gloria suddenly asked.
Rosa froze for a moment, then raised an eyebrow in disbelief. She stood up abruptly. "What do I have to feel guilty about? Are you really going to defend Skylar?
"She keeps going after my fiancé day in and day out. You should keep an eye on her. She's the one who should feel guilty here, not me. She has no business obsessing over someone else's fiancé."
"Joe is Ned. If you don't want to end up with nothing, it's time to face the truth. I can promise you a life free from financial worries," Gloria said calmly, her voice steady.
Rosa stared in disbelief, feeling an overwhelming sense of guilt wash over her. She couldn't bring herself to meet Gloria's piercing gaze, instinctively avoiding her eyes.
"I'll say this again. You've got it all wrong. He is Ned, and he can only be Ned. He's not your grandson and has nothing to do with you. I came to talk to you and Ms. Sullivan today to reason with you politely.
.n
"It seems you don't believe me. I understand how deeply you feel about the loss of your grandson, and I empathize with you. But that doesn't give you the right to transfer your pain onto me. I'm completely innocent in this matter." 
Standing nearby, Veronica could no longer stay silent. She had seen enough of this kind of manipulative behavior on television and read about it in countless novels.
Veronica quickly spoke up. "Why do I
et
get the feeling that you're saying you're not guilty but actually are? You know exactly who your fiance is. You keep insisting Ned isn't Joe, but isn't that just because you know he is? Nobody goes out of their way like this without a reason. 
"You're only here to convince Mrs. Martin Senior because you know the truth yourself. If you hadn't come, we might still have our doubts. But now, it seems there's no reason for that anymore."
Veronica didn't do much around the house. She spent her free time reading with Gloria and catching up on shows, so she knew a thing or two.
The "innocent act from a wannabe
manipulator wasn't going to fool her
one bit. Gloria felt a twinge of amusement as she listened to Veronica. Her mood had soured initially after seeing Rosa, but now she couldn't help but chuckle. 
Indeed, Rosa's visit was just to deliver the truth.
###chapter1324
 
There were surveillance cameras around the house that had recorded everything. Once Skylar returned, she could check the surveillance footage and see exactly what happened.
"There's no need for you to make this visit. What's taken by deceit is never truly yours. Go home and give that some thought. Veronica, please show her out," Gloria added.
She didn't want to waste any more time arguing with Rosa, so she raised her hand, signaling Veronica to see her out.
Veronica glanced at Rosa with a sly smile. She couldn't stand women like Rosa-especially not one scheming to cling to Joe.
"Right this way, Ms. Reese. Mrs. Martin Senior needs her rest, so there's no more time to listen to your made-up stories."
Rosa's face darkened at this, her expression shifting from pale to flushed. Biting her lip, she glared at Veronica and said, "Since you're just a hired help here, you should do your job and advise them properly. The dead can't come back to life. He has been gone for three years, so let him rest in peace and stop bothering the innocent."
"I forgot to mention, Ms. Reese, that we have security guards here. If you keep talking nonsense, they'll come in and escort you out. There are surveillance cameras all around this place, and if you get caught on tape, you could become quite famous in Murida.
"Also, it's perfectly reasonable for Ms. Sullivan to see Mr. Martin. The one who's acting like a third wheel and trying to take someone else's man is you," Veronica replied with a sneer, her tone firm.
People like Rosa, who lacked self-awareness, were truly annoying. She had absolutely no sense of boundaries.
Rosa's face flushed with embarrassment, and she found herself at a loss for words. Since reason didn't work, she wouldn't hold back any longer.
"Fine, then TH report this to the
police. When the news gets out, it won't look good for you. I don't want anyone eyeing my fiancé, now or
ever
With that, Rosa stormed out of
the villa. 
As Rosa stepped outside, she immediately noticed the security guards. They were glaring at her with fierce expressions. She clenched her jaw in frustration.
Dealing with Skylar was already a headache, but meeting Gloria today was even more of a nuisance. Just in the short time it took to say a few words, Gloria had shot her countless cold glances. 
She would make them regret this. She could say all the right things about how she would never have to worry about money for the rest of
her life. But that wasn't her goal. 
UMS
What she wanted was for her future generations to be secure, and to hold the respected title of "Mrs. Sowle", one that would command admiration and envy.
No one could take what was hers. On her way back, she made a call. "Find out where Skylar went today and which hospital Mrs. Martin Senior is at for her checkup."
###chapter1325
 
After arriving at Knight Residence, Cade Knight first treated Skylar to some iced tea. Only after enjoying the tea did she proceed to examine the painting.
Cade was an avid collector of antique paintings and a good friend of Alexander. When Skylar returned from Jipsburg, Alexander had insisted she help Cade.
Although she hadn't worked much during her years in Murida, Alexander had introduced her to numerous opportunities.
Over time, word spread, and she had been busy with one job after another for several years. Her financial situation only got better.
Fortunately, the people she encountered were kind and generous. Most elders treated her like their own child, and she had never once mentioned her fees. They simply transferred money to her account without her asking.
Cade's painting was in deplorable condition. No wonder Alexander mentioned that several antique restorers had refused to take on the job.
Seeing the worried look on Skylar's face, Cade braced himself. "Given the extent of the damage, is there any chance for restoration? This is all my fault for not protecting it properly."
At his words, Skylar shifted her gaze from the painting. "The damage is indeed severe, and it will require considerable time for restoration—possibly around two months. If you're not in a hurry, I can take it back with me and return it once it's restored."
She knew that Cade had collected many antiquities abroad over the years and had sent them back to the museums in Jipsburg.
Skylar admired Cade's patriotism in preserving and donating cultural antiquities, so she had promised him beforehand that she wouldn't charge any fees for restoring this painting.
Cade's eyes lit up. "Can it be restored?"
He was genuinely fond of this painting. If it could be restored, that would be fantastic. Skylar nodded with a smile. "Yes, it can. Just be patient during the waiting period, Mr. Knight."
"I'm not in a rush. It doesn't matter when it's ready. Alexander mentioned you've been quite busy lately, so I'll be patient." Cade chuckled as he recalled Alexander's words.
After that, Skylar casually looked at some of Cade's other collectibles. After admiring them for about half an hour, Cade insisted on having her stay for lunch. 
Lunch consisted of Floan cuisine.
Cade chuckled and said, "I've lived here for decades, but I still can't get used to the local food. Floan cuisine is definitely the best."
Skylar felt the same way. "I feel the same way, Mr. Knight. I have a taste for Floan cuisine."
After finishing lunch, she took the painting and left.
The traffic was relatively clear. As she passed a scenic lake, she decided to stop. She got out of the car and leaned against it, quietly enjoying the view.
Several families were camping and
grilling by the lake. A waft of
barbecue aroma reached her, and
she suddenly realized that she
hadn't gone camping or grilling with Joe yet. 
When Joe regained his memories, she would ask him to take her and Gloria along. She had her sights set on this beautiful spot.
Lost in her thoughts, she was suddenly jolted by a noise. Someone had parked their car behind hers. Turning around, she glanced to see what was going on.
As she glanced back, a figure
et
stepped out of the car. When she recognized who it was, she was utterly astonished. For a moment she thought her eyes were deceiving her. She couldn't help but think, "Is this real?" 
Joe was walking toward her, his long strides quickly closing the distance.
Once he was close, she finally snapped back to reality. It was indeed Joe. "What are you doing here?" Skylar asked, her surprise evident.
###chapter1326
 
Joe watched Skylar, who still looked a bit dazed, and simply replied, "Just passing by."
"What a coincidence," she remarked, the irony of their encounter hanging in the air. Anyone would find it hard to believe they weren't meant to cross paths.
Joe leaned against his car, gazing at the lake before them, lost in thought. After a moment, he asked, "What are you doing here?"
"I was visiting an elder this morning. I'm just on my way back," Skylar replied honestly.
Though the road was relatively empty, a few cars and people passed occasionally. It was surprising that both of them had chosen to stop there.
Skylar felt more confident now. Joe would surely remember their past together, and they would fall in love again.
Suddenly, she felt optimistic.
Joe couldn't take his eyes off Skylar's face.
"Why are you looking at me like that?" Skylar asked, puzzled.
His stare was intense, and she couldn't shake the feeling that he might have regained some memories.
Joe finally looked away, his tone serious. "Are you trying to seduce me by sending me those photos?"
So, he was staring at her because of the pictures she had sent earlier.
Skylar smiled, her mood brightening. "I didn't edit the photos, so you can relax. If you want to say I'm trying to seduce you, that's fine. Did those pictures spark any memories?"
In truth, she had forgotten when those two pictures were taken. Ever since they had gotten together, they had been perfectly in sync in bed.
Sometimes, after finishing, they would chat if they still had the energy.
That day, after they finished, they managed to get dressed and took a couple of pictures together. Looking back, she thought they had been quite daring, although nothing inappropriate was revealed. 
It was simply a flirtatious atmosphere. Joe looked down at Skylar. "Aren't you afraid I might want to sleep with you?"
Skylar froze at Joe's words, her heart racing. She hadn't expected Joe to be so blunt about such matters even after losing his memory.
Just as she opened her mouth to respond, he continued in a cool voice, "Aren't you afraid that if we sleep together, you might find out I'm not Joe?"
That question had been circling in
his mind for days. He was well aware that he wanted to sleep with her. The urge to act on his desire was undeniable. However, he also understood why she was him. 
Swn to
UMS
The thought of being treated as a mere substitute was something he despised.
He wondered if he truly was Joe. Over the past couple of days, he had come across information suggesting that Joe had died, while other findings indicated his personality had changed drastically.
There were also medical explanations that suggested a person's character could indeed change after experiencing amnesia.
Moreover, the identification he had at that time belonged to Ned.
If he truly was Joe, the coincidences were staggering. It felt as if someone had orchestrated everything, purposefully making him become Ned Sowle. Or perhaps they wanted him to believe he was Joe.
Skylar spoke firmly, "You're not anyone else. You are Joe."
"Are you so sure?" Joe asked, a smirk forming on his lips, amusement flickering in his eyes.
As their eyes met, he saw his own
reflection in her gaze. Without a second thought, he leaned in closer He captured her lips perfectly. They were cool and soft, igniting an irresistible urge within him to explore further. 
###chapter1327
 
Skylar never expected Joe to suddenly kiss her while they were talking. The unexpected kiss hit her like a storm, leaving her momentarily stunned, and the brush of their lips made her mind go blank.
At first, she forgot to respond. She instinctively leaned against Joe's chest, feeling his warmth and the steady beat of his heart.
This kiss was both intense and lingering, growing more passionate as it went on. Skylar wasn't the type to be overly dramatic.
She understood the physical changes in Joe's body at that moment. He wanted to sleep with her.
Fortunately, Joe quickly regained his composure and lowered his gaze to study her. His breathing was heavy, and his deep-set eyes glinted like a starry sky as if he wanted to devour her completely. He truly did want to do just that.
The urge was overwhelming, but his rational side made him pull back. It took Skylar a while to regain her breath and restore her energy.
"If I'm not Joe, would you still want to sleep with me?" Joe murmured against her ear, his warm breath sending a shiver down her spine. His words felt like an invitation to share a dangerous descent into temptation.
Skylar blinked in surprise but then smiled. "I just said you are Joe."
Joe didn't respond, but some of his physical reactions lingered.
Skylar flushed with embarrassment. Being held like this made her feel a bit uneasy.
Just as she was about to remind him, Joe's phone rang. He continued to look at her as he answered the call. "Wait for me to come back." After saying that, he hung up the phone without another word.
The phone call seemed to have tempered some of Joe's wild thoughts. He took a step back and released Skylar.
"Wait for my call," he said as he walked away.
Skylar was taken aback for a moment. It wasn't until Joe's car disappeared that she snapped back to reality, a smile creeping onto her face.
Skylar noticed that Gloria wasn't in the living room when she arrived home. Just then, Veronica came down from upstairs.
In Skylar's hands, she held two freshly roasted chicken she had bought on the way home. They were still warm. Gloria should have woken up from her nap at this hour. Skylar immediately asked Veronica, "Is Grandma still napping?"
"Today, we had a guest over, and Mrs. Martin Senior got a bit upset. She didn't eat much for lunch and just fell asleep," Veronica replied.
Skylar frowned and asked, "A guest? Don't guests usually schedule their visits in advance? I didn't know we were having anyone over today."
She was well aware of Gloria's health.
While both Gloria and Veronica
pretended everything was fine in
front of her, Skylar chose to play along to ease Gloria's worry. But that
didn't mean she was oblivious to the
situation. 
In recent years, guests were expected to call ahead. If Gloria was feeling well, she would meet with them. If not, she would politely decline.
Veronica nodded. "This guest didn't
е
call ahead. This person is someone
you know-Rosa Reese. She came as Ned's fiancée and started saying..." 
én.kikistories.com
Veronica replayed everything Rosa had said, her frustration palpable.
She had seen some shameless people but never someone as brazen as Rosa.
"She actually dared to come here and make threats!" Skylar said, her expression growing cold and serious.
"Exactly! She's clearly feeling
insecure. To be honest, I was a bit doubtful about whether Ned was Mr. Martin. Now, I'm sure he is. Rosa knows everything. She just wants to stake her claim on him," Veronica said angrily. 
Suppressing her anger, Skylar instructed, "Let's call the doctor to check on Grandma. I'm worried." "The doctor just left. Mrs. Martin Senior is fine. She just needs to rest well," Veronica hurriedly explained. Upon hearing that the doctor had come, Skylar felt relieved. "That's good."
She decided that Rosa needed to face the consequences of her decision to visit Gloria unannounced today.
###chapter1328
 
A few minutes later, Skylar returned to her room. She contacted a friend, a private detective, Leon Rowse, whom Aiken often used while in Murida. Leon was not an ordinary private detective.
Skylar said, "Help me look into someone."
Natalie didn't expect to run into Jeremy while camping with Austin in Jipsburg. He was there with Helena.
The camping area was secluded, offering plenty of privacy. Once the canopy was set out, they would be shielded from prying eyes.
Recently, Natalie discovered that this was the best way to date Austin. Being outdoors allowed them to avoid interruptions. Since Austin was so well- known, it was inconvenient to go anywhere else.
Spending time at home together had started to feel a bit tedious. Now, being in nature felt incredibly refreshing and invigorating. As they chatted about their upcoming travels, they suddenly spotted Jeremy and Helena.
Seeing them in this setting was unexpected.
"What a coincidence, Mr. Powell, Ms. Jakeman." Helena was the first to respond, waving at them.
Natalie returned the greeting with a smile. "What a surprise! Are you both camping too?"
Jeremy glanced over at them, his expression slightly somber. After a few seconds of deep contemplation, he spoke in a low voice, "Just taking a walk."
Austin and Jeremy's eyes briefly met, and an awkward silence fell over the four of them.
After a moment, Natalie decided to break the tension. She asked Jeremy, "Would you like to join us for a bit? You can take a break here."
Helena looked at Jeremy, and Austin turned his gaze toward him as well. Three sets of eyes were fixed on Jeremy.
In the past, Jeremy would have eagerly accepted the invitation. He never would have refused.
In his heart, no one could compare to Natalie However, the experiences of the past few years had made him realize the limitations of thei relationship. 
He understood that he and Natalie could only be friends or siblings now.
"No, thank you. We just arrived and plan to explore a bit more," he replied.
After Jeremy spoke, Helena felt a jolt of surprise. She hadn't expected him to decline.
Besides Jeremy himself, Helena
knew best how much he liked
Natalie However, seeing Natalie on
a date with Austin today, Jeremy hadn't shown any signs of jealousy. 
It was as if he had really let go.
UMS
et
Helena felt a surge of joy at this thought. Austin raised an eyebrow recognizing that Jeremy had come to a true understanding of his feelings. That was good. 
Natalie smiled and agreed. After Jeremy and Helena left, Austin asked Natalie, "What kind of wedding do you want?"
"A wedding?" Natalie was taken aback. She hadn't thought about it because she never believed that she and Austin would reach that step.
Austin's eyes darkened at her lack of response. Natalie was heartless.
The next day, Skylar received some information about Rosa. Rosa and Ned had grown up in the same orphanage.
She didn't have many close friends. For the past three years, Rosa had devoted herself entirely to Joe.
However, in recent months, she had picked up a new hobby-gambling.
Leon was still investigating other details.
###chapter1329
 
Skylar thoughtfully stared at the words "gambling". She remembered that Aiken mentioned he owned two casinos in Murida.
So, after a brief moment of contemplation, she called Aiken.
Simona walked into the study with a plate of fruit, just in time to hear Aiken saying goodbye to Skylar.
"Aiken, were you just talking to Skylar on the phone?"
Aiken looked up at Simona. "Yes, she needed my help with something."
Simona wasn't overly curious, and she also understood that there were some things she shouldn't ask about. But knowing that Skylar would come to her brother for help made her genuinely happy.
She understood that there was little chance Aiken and Skylar would end up together, but she couldn't help but occasionally daydream and hope for something more.
Aiken could tell that Simona was preoccupied with something. Otherwise, she wouldn't have brought him fruits.
There had been some tension between the siblings recently due to Stephen.
"Aiken, what I'm about to say might make you a bit unhappy, but I don't want to hide it from you. I want to have a proper talk with you," Simona said cautiously.
She had originally thought she could wait a while longer before bringing it up. But keeping it from Aiken made her feel uncomfortable and guilty. She still hoped for his support in her relationship.
Aiken looked at Simona thoughtfully, seemingly unsurprised. "Go ahead, what is it?"
Simona immediately said in a playful tone, "But you have to promise you won't get mad no matter what, okay?"
"Alright."
Seeing him agree, Simona took a deep breath and said, "Aiken, I'm sorry. I didn't listen to you and am still seeing Stephen. He's a genuinely good person, and we really love each other. He treats me well. At the university, people often say we're a perfect match.
"Aiken, I know his background isn't ideal, but he had no choice in that. If he could have chosen, I'm sure he'd also want a better environment, just like me."
"I understand," Aiken replied calmly.
His tone was so indifferent that Simona was taken aback. "Aiken?"
"Since you're already together, then so be it. But you two cannot be physically involved until after graduation," Aiken said.
Simona's eyes widened, unable to
believe what she had just heard.
чал
of
"Aiken, do you really a et
ship with S
Aiken just nodded.
"Aiken, that's amazing! Do you know. how worried I was? But I promise we won't do anything before marriage. I also want to get to know him better. 
"I'm so happy, Aiken. I've wanted your approval the most.'
Simona felt that her happiness came too suddenly. She had
prepared to be scolded, fearing that Aiken might confront Stephen. She knew that if Aiken spoke to him Stephen's pride would likely lead him to break up with her. 
Besides, Stephen had told her today that he didn't think Aiken would ever approve because of his background.
But now, everything turned out okay! She could be with Stephen without hiding or sneaking around.
A cold glint flashed through Aiken's eyes when he saw his sister's elated expression. Stephen was pretty bold.
"You may go if there's nothing else. I still have work to do," he said.
Simona nodded repeatedly. "Okay, I'll go out now. I won't disturb your work. Aiken, don't worry. I'll take good care of myself."
After leaving, she even thoughtfully closed the door to the study.
Once Simona left, Aiken's expression turned icy. Then, he made a call.
"Are there any progress with the arrangement?"
"Yes, there is. Stephen couldn't resist the temptation. It should be done in a few days."
###chapter1330
 
After hearing that, the coldness on Aiken's face softened slightly.
Meanwhile, back in her own bedroom, Simona was eager to share the good news with Stephen. However, for some reason, he wasn't answering her video calls.
She thought that he was probably busy and decided to leave him a voice message.
"Stephen, I just talked to my brother about our relationship, and he agreed. I'll bring you to meet him after some time. He's actually a really good person."
Simona didn't wait for Stephen to reply. If he was busy, he'd probably set his phone to silent mode and wouldn't respond for a while.
Rosa didn't go home. She headed straight to Joe's apartment.
After being away for a few days for a business trip, he was finally coming back today.
She had been waiting for half an hour after she thoughtfully dismissed the maid and prepared a full table of food herself.
These were some of her best dishes. She had made them for him before, but it was hard to tell if he liked them, as he never ate much of anything. But that didn't stop her from wanting to be his dutiful partner.
Rosa felt even more restless than usual after visiting Gloria today.
She noticed some qualities in Gloria that she also saw in Joe. It was a type of innate grace that couldn't be acquired simply by wearing designer brands or flaunting wealth.
When she heard the door open, Rosa quickly ran to the entrance. "Ned, you're back!"
Joe looked at Rosa standing before him, his gaze darkening slightly but without showing any emotion.
"Why are you here?" he asked.
Rosa froze momentarily at his cold
ét
tone before smiling and saying, "I missed you. You've been away on business for days, and I'm going in for surgery tomorrow. I'm scared, and when I thought of you coming back today, I just couldn't help but come to see you. 
"Ned, I'm really terrified. I usually get anxious just being in a hospital."
Her eyes reddened as she spoke. She wasn't just being dramatic. She was truly scared that Skylar tried to do something during her time in the hospital. If she did, Rosa wouldn't be able to stop her. 
"I'll be at the hospital tomorrow, don't worry," Joe said in a low voice as he walked inside.
Rosa wasn't surprised. He had already promised her, after all.
She had stayed by his side through a difficult month in the hospital, and now it was his turn to be there for her.
"Okay. I won't be scared with you
1
there. I've just finished making dinner. Try it and see if my cooking skills have gotten rusty." 
We
As she spoke, she suddenly caught a faint scent in the air.
It didn't smell like perfume, but it was a light and elegant fragrance. And it didn't smell like the cologne Joe usually wore.
A woman had definitely been close to him recently!
###chapter1331
 
In an instant, Rosa felt as if she were facing a serious threat.
There had never been any trace of another woman's scent on Joe before. Rosa had always been on high alert, closely monitoring everything about him.
For more than three years, he had focused solely on his career, maintaining a cold distance not only from her but from everyone else.
She had even seen company secretaries or employees try to flirt with him, but none had ever succeeded. Their consequences were always pitiful. He simply wouldn't let anyone get close.
So, was it Skylar? Had they met today?
It could only mean one thing if they had each other's scent on them.
No wonder she had only seen Gloria today and not Skylar. Joe and Skylar must have been off somewhere together.
They must have slept together!
At this thought, Rosa started losing her composure. She just stared blankly at Joe as he walked ahead.
"Ned, did you meet someone today? You have a perfume scent on you," she ran up to him, gripping his arm tightly, her face full of obsession.
If it was Skylar, what would she do next? Everyone would mock her, even Skylar. Now, she must be feeling triumphant.
Joe was forced to stop. He turned to look at Rosa.
His gaze made her heart sink with inexplicable panic, making her regret the question instantly. She thought that it wasn't the time for confrontation.
If Joe admitted it, what would she do? It would make everything unbearably awkward.
So, just as Joe was about to respond, she quickly changed the subject. "Go wash your hands and change your clothes, then come eat. The food's been ready for a while, and it'll get cold if we wait any longer."
"Some things can wait until after your surgery. I'll go wash up first," Joe replied in a low voice.
Rosa stood frozen on the spot. Some things? What things?
A sudden ominous feeling crept over her.
She sensed an implication in Joe's words-that he wanted to end their relationship. Even if he hadn't regained his memories, he had fallen for Skylar. No, that couldn't happen. Absolutely not.
At that moment, a storm was brewing in Rosa's mind.
But by the time Joe came out of the bathroom, she had regained her composure.
"Food's ready. I learned two of these
recipes online, so I'm not sure how they turned out. Try them and let me know. She smiled warmly, stiff wearing her apron like the perfect housewife. 
"Okay, let me try," Joe replied as he sat down and looked at the dishes on the table.
He had told Rosa before that she didn't have to come over and cook for him. One reason was that her cooking didn't match his tastes, and another was that she talked too much at times.
But she hadn't listened.
Sometimes, he wondered if it was
l.n
his imagination, but when he came home from work, he would feel like someone was waiting for him. Sometimes, he would feel like the meals prepared were just to his taste. 
But everything seemed more like a fantasy.
UMS
Rosa couldn't help but watch him closely as he tasted the food. "How is it? The online tutorial was very detailed, and I followed every step exactly. I haven't tasted it myself yet, but it looks pretty good." 
"Not bad," Joe confirmed.
Rosa's face lit up with joy as she said, "That's wonderful! I'll keep cooking for you, then."
Then, she immediately took a bite herself.
###chapter1332
 
The taste was surely not on par with a restaurant's or the maid's cooking, but it was still quite good.
There weren't many women like Rosa who could cook dishes like that so well in this day and age. And she could make quite many different styles of food.
Besides, Skylar probably didn't know how to cook at all. So, she didn't even qualify to compete with her.
When Joe finished eating, Rosa noticed that the dishes he had praised seemed barely touched as she cleaned the table. It was as if he had only taken a bite and sampled the rest.
Then, she glanced at Joe, who was already seated on the couch.
Did he praise it just out of courtesy? Was he actually still unsatisfied with her cooking? She had put so much effort into this-what more could he want?
"Ned," she couldn't help but call out.
Joe looked up, turning to face Rosa. "Is something wrong?"
"No, nothing. I just missed you," Rosa replied, swallowing down her questions about who Joe might have been with today.
She would ask his assistant later.
Rosa left the apartment half an hour later. Once she was in the car, she instantly called Calvin. "I want to know if Mr. Sowle was on a date with a woman today. Who was it?"
Calvin was momentarily stunned. He was caught off guard by Rosa's straightforward question. "Mr. Sowle wasn't on any date. He returned from a business trip today and has been on the road since."
"Really?" Rosa was skeptical.
If Joe wasn't with a woman, then where did that scent come from?
"Yes, his schedule has been packed these past few days," Calvin said firmly.
Rosa's suspicions eased a little after hearing that.
Could she be overthinking things? Joe might have picked up the scent accidentally during a meal or a work meeting.
She then leaned back in her seat and pressed her fingers to her temples.
Perhaps she had been too tense
I
lately because of Skylar. She had been obsessing over every small detail, growing paranoid and hysterical over things that might not be real. This kind of behavior would only drive Joe further away. 
Still, she decided that she would visit Gloria again once she was discharged from the hospital.
Today hadn't gone as well as she
had hoped, and she didn't manage to say everything she wanted. Ideally, she would like to do
Skylar was there too. Contenwhile
belongs to 
She was tired of living in constant worry.
...
The next day, Gloria looked much better when she woke up, which relieved Skylar.
"I told you I was fine. You two worry too much. Stop worrying, I'm in good health," Gloria said cheerfully to Skylar and Veronica.
Skylar nodded and said, "As long as you're well, that's all that matters. If Rosa comes by again, just turn her away. There's no need to see her."
"I agree. There's no reason to entertain her." Veronica nodded firmly. She felt that Rosa certainly had some nerve to cause trouble for them.
Gloria just chuckled. "Alright, alright, I'll listen to you. If she has the audacity to come by again, we'll turn her away.
"Skye, do you have anything important to do today?"
"I accepted Mr. Knight's order, so I'll be restoring his paintings at home over the next two months whenever I have the time. But there's
ver
something even more important today," Skylar replied. 
###chapter1333
 
Gloria was taken aback. "What is it that is more important?"
"Taking you to the hospital for a check-up, of course," Skylar replied.
She knew Gloria disliked going to the hospital, but she felt more at ease if they went for the scheduled check-up. If anything was wrong, they could address it immediately.
When Gloria heard it was for a check-up, she sighed. "The doctor just came to the house yesterday and said I was fine. Do we really need to go to the hospital?"
Right now, Gloria looked like a child who didn't want to go. Skylar couldn't help but laugh and gently persuade her, "The hospital can do a more thorough examination."
"Mrs. Martin is right. We should go to the hospital," Veronica agreed.
"Alright, alright. I can't argue with the two of you. Let's go then."
Gloria knew deep down that more tests wouldn't make much difference. She knew her own condition the best.
However, now that she knew Joe was still alive, she had the will to keep going. She wanted to stay for as long as possible, to be there for Skylar so that she wouldn't have to face things alone.
After breakfast, the three of them headed to the hospital. On the way, Gloria suddenly recalled the recent appearance of cursed items back in the country and asked curiously, "Has Viola's brother shown up again recently?"
"We have found some cursed items. So, it's likely that he has shown up again. Mr. Gardner Senior has some people looking for him. If there's any news, he will let me know.
"But given the recent incidents, many people in Jipsburg are on high alert and won't be caught off guard easily," Skylar replied.
With so much happening lately, she hadn't had time to think about what was going on in Jipsburg.
Gloria nodded and said, "You've always had a lot to bear. If anything comes up, don't keep it bottled up-talk to me, understand?" "I've never kept any secrets from you, Grandma."
"Haha, look at you. By the way, your mother and brothers will be coming over soon, right? Just let them stay with us when they're here. Since it's just a few of us here, it'd be nice to liven things up a bit," Gloria suggested. 
et
Skylar had been a bit concerned about Gloria's health. She needed some quiet and peace, so Skylar wondered if three extra peopte might be too much for her. 
But hearing Gloria's invitation, she nodded. "They haven't booked their tickets yet, but they should be coming over soon."
They arrived at the hospital while they were chatting.
They had appointments scheduled every two weeks. Unlike the crowded hospitals back home, this hospital was quiet.
After meeting the doctor, Skylar accompanied Gloria for several routine tests. Some of the procedures required Skylar to wait outside.
While waiting, she suddenly heard someone calling out to her. So, she looked up to see who it was.
"It's really you," Rosa's tone immediately turned icy.
She never imagined she would run into Skylar here while handling her own pre-surgery preparations.
This had to be deliberate, right? Was Skylar here because she somehow found out about the surgery and came so that she could run into Joe in the hospital?
How could someone be so shameless?
Skylar was also surprised to see Rosa.
et
"What are you doing here at the hospital? Didn't you say enough yesterday? Or are you here to continue?" Veronica shot out. She
el.ne
had never lost to anyone in a verbal spar. 
###chapter1334
 
Veronica immediately confronted Rosa after seeing her hostile expression toward Skylar. She was ready for a verbal clash with Rosa. She had never lost at any arguments before.
Skylar glanced at Veronica, feeling warmth at her protectiveness. After living together for so long, they had come to see each other as family.
"Ms. Reese, if you have any issues, please address them directly with me. There's no need to bother the elderly," Skylar said with a blank expression. Rosa looked at the two of them with a red face.
"If it weren't for you constantly mistaking Ned for Joe and trying to get close to him repeatedly, I wouldn't bother you! I don't have time to waste on you.
"Since you're here now, I'll make it clear. I hope you'll stop meeting with Ned. Especially you, Skylar. Your actions are seriously impacting us."
Skylar replied calmly, "You know full well whether Ned is Joe. You're fooling only yourself. It doesn't mean others are blind to the truth. Rosa, you'd better be careful in your actions!"
"You!" Rosa was livid, realizing she couldn't win against them in the argument.
She didn't want to make a scene and risk Joe seeing Skylar, so she ended the argument by saying, "Anyway, he is Ned, my fiancé, and he has nothing to do with you!"
Then, she headed to a nearby department.
Skylar's face remained calm, but Veronica scoffed, "She's just deceiving herself."
"Don't let her upset you, Veronica. She knows the truth better than anyone," Skylar replied.
"You're right. There's no point in getting angry over someone like her," Veronica added.
They hadn't expected to run into Rosa at the hospital.
Gloria was done with her tests soon. They would have to wait for the test results, most of which would only be ready the next day. So, they decided to go home.
Both Veronica and Skylar tacitly decided not to mention the incident of running into Rosa to Gloria.
It was just that fate had its way of working.
Just as Skylar and Gloria stepped out of the elevator, they ran into Joe as he was about to enter.
Skylar had never thought of seeing Joe there. When she first bumped into him previously, she would feel surprised initially, but she had learned to compose herself. 
However, this was Gloria's first time seeing him in over three years. So she froze, and her eyes were filled with tears immediately as she softly murmured, "Joe..." 
Her voice would melt anyone's heart.
So, Skylar held onto Gloria gently.
When Joe saw Skylar, his gaze flickered to her lips briefly before being drawn to Gloria's tearful voice calling him.
They looked at each other, and he felt a pang in his chest. His instinct was to say, "You've got the wrong person," but he couldn't bring himself to say
it.
"Grandma," Skylar whispered.
Gloria quickly composed herself, wiping away her tears, and smiled at Joe.
ne
"I hope I didn't startle you. You're just as handsome as you were three years ago. If you have time, come home. I'll be waiting there foryou, along with Skye." 
After speaking, she and Skylar walked out of the elevator together.
###chapter1335
 
As Gloria and Skylar hurried out of the elevator, Skylar accidentally bumped into Joe, who caught her in time.
Calvin, who was at the side, was shocked.
Who would've thought that after running into Skylar yesterday, his boss would see her again today? Wasn't it fate? Plus, it was a fate that was unstoppable.
He recalled Rosa questioning him last night. He had felt guilty because not only had the boss seen Skylar yesterday, but they had also kissed. He'd witnessed it, but he couldn't tell Rosa without his boss' approval.
"Excuse me. We'll be leaving now," Gloria said, reluctant to leave Joe's side and wanting to say more. But she understood she had to be patient. Knowing Joe's cautious personality, if she said too much, it might make him overthink, which wouldn't help with his recovery.
Skylar nodded to Joe, understanding that her priority now was to calm Gloria's emotions. Even if there were many things she wished to say to him, this wasn't the right moment.
As they left, Gloria couldn't help but glance back several times.
Once outside the hospital, she took Skylar's hand and said, "Now that I've seen Joe, I feel truly at ease. I still had some doubts previously, afraid that maybe it was just my wishful thinking for him to be still alive. But now, after seeing him, I'm sure—he is Joe."
Unable to contain her emotions, tears filled Gloria's eyes again after she finished her words.
Veronica quickly consoled her, saying, "Don't cry, Mrs. Martin Senior. The doctor specifically advised you to keep calm and avoid any strong mood swings."
Skylar added, "Yes, Grandma, please stay calm."
Gloria wiped her tears with a smile and nodded repeatedly. "Okay, don't worry about me. I'm fine, really. My emotions are stable."
Skylar relaxed and said, "That's good. Let's head home now."
"Yes, let's go home. By the way, why was he at the hospital? Could it be some aftereffect from the accident?" Gloria couldn't help but worry.
Seeing this, Skylar reassured her
with a smile. "He's okay. He just lost his memory from the accident, but his physical injuries have healed completely, so there's nothing to worry about, Grandma." 
"Mr. Martin was most likely here because of Rosa. She may be dealing with some health issues.
When you were having your
checkup, we ran into her," Veronica explained, hoping to prevent Gloria from overthinking about Joe's condition. 
Gloria calmed down at that. "I see."
Suddenly, a thought struck her, and she looked at Skylar. "Skye, since he lost his memory, he might believe Rosa and show her some concern. Don't let that upset you. 
"When he looked at you just now, the look in his eyes was unmistakable—he clearly still has feelings for you, just like before."
Skylar smiled and said, "Grandma, I understand. Don't worry, okay?"
Feeling satisfied, Gloria nodded. Fatigue could be seen on her face. So, she leaned back and closed her eyes.
"I'll take a short nap. Wake me when we're home."
"Okay, Grandma. Have a rest." Skylar then signaled the driver to drive with extra care.
Meanwhile, Rosa had just returned to her room from a series of tests, lying in bed with a pale face.
She had spoken with Joe on the phone that morning, and he'd promised to visit. But now that her tests were over, he still hadn't shown up.
She was anxiously trying to guess what might be delaying him when the door finally opened.
###chapter1336
 
Rosa immediately looked up and, upon seeing Joe, let out a sigh of relief.
"Ned, you're finally here. I was so scared doing all those tests alone."
"What did the doctor say?" Joe asked.
"We're waiting on one test result. If all is well, I'll be in surgery this afternoon," Rosa replied quickly.
Joe simply nodded.
Seeing his somewhat distant expression, Rosa felt anxious. She couldn't help but ask, "Yesterday, you said you had something to tell me after my surgery. Could you tell me now?"
"After the surgery," Joe replied directly.
Rosa's heart skipped a beat. "Could you give me a hint? I'm curious. Are we getting married right after my surgery?"
She looked intently at him as she tested the waters with her question.
Joe frowned slightly before saying, "Focus on your surgery. We'll discuss everything after that."
His firm tone made her feel cold. It wasn't about their marriage. His reaction had shown that he hadn't even considered it.
"Ned, be honest with me. Is there someone else? I'm about to undergo surgery, and I need the truth. Don't lie to me," Rosa asked nervously.
Joe's expression turned cold, his gaze steely. "You need to stay calm."
Without another word, he turned and walked out of the room.
Rosa didn't even have the chance to call him back as she watched him leave so resolutely. She was in a daze, as if she was in a dream. She had a strong, unsettling feeling that he had serious doubts about his identity, or perhaps he was already convinced that he wasn't Ned. 
Calvin entered the room as Rosa's mind raced.
"Ms. Reese, Mr. Sowle has some business to attend to and will return in about an hour. He asked me to stay with you, so if you need anything, please let me know. I'll do my best to assist you." 
Rosa bit her lip as she looked at Calvin, her eyes glistening with tears. "You work with him every day. So, you'd know best if he's actually busy or if he just doesn't want to be here with me. Does he hate being with me this much?" 
She only wanted to know what he intended to say. What was wrong with that? Did he really have to avoid her?
Calvin couldn't answer her question. He felt that only Joe could answer that.
Fortunately, she didn't press further. So, Calvin breathed a sigh of relief.
Right on time, an hour later, Ned returned to the room. The nurses had just started to prepare Rosa for her surgery.
Rosa looked genuinely scared when she was about to be pushed into surgery.
"Ned, I'll see you after the surgery, right? You'll be waiting outside for me, right?"
"I will. Don't worry, everything will be fine," Joe replied.
Rosa looked into his eyes, looking for something. But there wasn't even the slightest hint of concern in them.
It had been three years, but he still didn't have any feelings for her.
###chapter1337
 
Two hours later, Rosa woke up from her nap after her surgery.
When she opened her eyes, she saw a caretaker beside her. Just as she was getting anxious and about to ask where Joe was, he walked in.
Perhaps due to the surgery, she felt incredibly weak and insecure. So, she desperately hoped Joe would stay by her side.
"Ned..."
"You just had surgery, and your body is still very weak. Rest first. We'll talk once you've fully recovered," Joe said while looking at her.
Rosa shook her head. "No, I want to look at you. I want you to stay with me."
At this point, the caretaker was done with her job and left the room.
Joe came over and sat across from her bed. It was only then that Rosa felt she had some strength and a sense of stability. It was as if all her worries faded away when Joe was there.
Joe gave her a short nod. "Your surgery was very successful. So, you'll be discharged in a few days."
It wasn't surprising that the surgery was successful. After all, they hired a reputable doctor. Rosa trusted him and hadn't expected any complications. Besides, it was just a minor procedure.
"Will you be busy with work in the next few days? Can you come to see me when you have time? I'll be bored being alone in the hospital. And you know I don't really have friends besides you," Rosa said, looking at Joe expectantly.
It was true that she didn't have many friends.
In the past two years, as Joe started his company and quickly became successful, she found herself
drifting from her old friends, feeling a gap between them. She also felt a little superior to her friends. 
She was also afraid that the media would find out that her friends were all people with ordinary jobs. She didn't want to be ridiculed by the media.
That was why she cut ties with them
eventually. She was afraid they
1
might come to her for help or money, which she wanted to avoid.
She even felt her friends envied her. 
Swn
There was also another bigger reason for leaving her friends. She was afraid her old friends would interact with Joe and pick up on things that didn't add up.
At the same time, she couldn't fit into the circle of the wealthy, leaving her in an awkward position. So, she had no close or trustworthy friends anymore.
She had even avoided contacting the orphanage. She knew that Joe wouldn't notice the absence of those past connections due to his memory loss. This made her incredibly lonely, and she even envied Skylar, who had strong social connections.
"I have a lot of work over the next
хой
few days. If anything comes up, you can reach out to Calvin. He'll help you with whatever you need, Joe replied in a steady voice. 
Rosa's eyes reddened immediately. "Ned, it has always been just you in my world, and it will only ever be you."
"It's time for you to start adapting to life without me," Joe suddenly said, changing his tone.
Rosa's heart skipped a beat. "Ned, what do you mean by that?"
Adapting to life without him? Did he regain his memories? How could that be possible?
###chapter1338
 
"I'll give you enough money to ensure you can live a good life for the rest of your life. If you want to further your studies, I'll cover the tuition. But we can never get married," Joe said directly.
He had made this decision right after kissing Skylar yesterday.
If he had never met Skylar, his wife could have been Rosa or anyone else. It didn't matter to him.
But now, he had a strong feeling that his wife couldn't just be anyone. Regardless of whether he was Joe, he wanted Skylar.
Rosa's eyes widened, her face drained of all color as she looked at him in shock. "What did you say?"
"20 million dollars has been deposited into your account," Joe said calmly.
20 million dollars was a lot for a breakup fee. It was certainly enough to ensure one a comfortable life. But that wasn't what Rosa wanted.
Tears started streaming down her face as she said, "Ned, give me a reason. Why? Have you forgotten the promises you made to me? You said you'd treat me well for the rest of our lives. Is this what you mean by treating me well?"
Before her surgery, she had a bad feeling about what he wanted to talk about. She had hoped her suspicions were wrong, that he wouldn't be so heartless.
"I fell for someone else. This is my fault," Joe admitted openly, knowing there was no hiding his feelings.
Rosa's face turned even paler. "Someone else? Who is it? Who did you fall for?"
She had braced herself, thinking he might have regained his memory, but never imagined it would be because he had fallen for someone else.
She had tried her best for the past three years and even had minor cosmetic procedures to appear more attractive. Although she would still look dull next to Skylar...
Wait! It was Skylar, wasn't it?
"It's Skylar, isn't it? She kept showing up in front of you just to seduce you, and you actually fell for it?" Rosa asked, her face full of accusation.
"It doesn't matter," Joe responded.
net
"Of course, it does. It matters a lot! I know Skylar has always thought of you as Joe. She knows you're engaged yet keeps appearing around you, proving her intentions aren't good. She probably... She probably just took you as a réplacement for Joe!" Rosa shouted, trembling with anger. 
Joe's expression darkened as he heard the word "replacement".
Seeing his reaction, Rosa pressed on, "I know I'm not as beautiful as Skylar, but after all we've been
through together, how can you. abandon me so easily? Ned, can you really do this with a clear conscience?" 
"I'll give you another ten million," Joe said steadily.
Rosa thought she had misheard him. "Ned, I told you I can't live without you! No matter how much money you give me, I don't want it. All I've ever wanted is you."
Joe looked at Rosa in silence for a moment. Then, he stood up.
"Are you sure you know who I really am?"
With that, Joe left, leaving Rosa stunned.
It was as if a voice inside her whispered, "You lose everything, after all."
"No, that can't be. He can't regain his memory. The doctors said he might never remember. He's only been swayed by Skylar's tricks. She's filled his head with nonsense. He's Ned, and he will always be!" Rosa
sa
mattered, eyes red with desperation. 
Just as they were about to reach home, Skylar received a message from Joe. He had asked to meet her tomorrow.
###chapter1339
 
Skylar looked at the message, feeling like she was dreaming.
At that moment, Gloria woke up and yawned. Noticing Skylar smiling at her phone, she couldn't help but chuckle and ask, "Why are you so happy?" "Joe asked me to meet him tomorrow," Skylar replied immediately.
Gloria's eyes lit up. "He must be starting to remember something. Otherwise, he wouldn't be so proactive. Tomorrow, let's make you look beautiful so that he realizes what he's been missing these past three years!"
There was no way that Rosa could compare to Skylar Skylar was wonderful in every way.
"Of course! Mrs. Martin can turn heads with just a little makeup. Let her captivate Mr. Martin!" Veronica chimed in.
Skylar smiled and nodded, following along with the two. "Alright, I'll do as you suggest."
This was the first time in a while that Joe had initiated a meeting with her, and she was looking forward to it.
In the downtown hotel in Jipsburg, inside a presidential suite, Stephen emerged from the bathroom after a shower. A woman was drying her hair in there.
As he listened to the hairdryer's sound, he looked around the suite, weighing things in his mind. He had recently become aware of his own appeal and of what he could gain from it.
Although he hadn't progressed much with Simona, he wasn't giving up on her yet. But...
He glanced toward the bathroom.
The woman, Albie Lynd, was three years older than him, more mature and charming than Simona, and wasn't fussy. They had only known each other for a couple of days and were already at a hotel together.
But he was cautious, knowing he might just be a temporary amusement for her. So, he still needed to keep things steady with Simona.
Just as he was lost in thought, Albie walked out of the bathroom. Seeing her walk out naked, his eyes widened in surprise.
He instinctively moved toward her and said, "You're stunning."
At the university, Simona stood outside the classroom, waiting for Stephen. She knew his schedule well, so she hadn't told him she was coming. But after most of the students had already left, she still hadn't seen him. So, she stopped a classmate and asked, "Excuse me, is Stephen still in class?"
"Stephen? Didn't he take a leave of absence today?" the classmate replied.
Simona was surprised. Leave of absence?
Stephen never took time off. They'd just seen each other yesterday, but he hadn't mentioned anything about today. Could he be sick?
She immediately called him, but no one answered. Finally, she called his roommate, who told her that Stephen hadn't been in the dorm all day. "He's not on campus and skipping class? What could he be doing?" Simona wondered, confused.
Half an hour later, Stephen called back. "Simona, is something up?d was busy just now and didn't hear my phone." His voice was hushed as if he were in a very quiet place. 
Simona paused and then asked, "You didn't go to class today, did you? And you're not in the dorm too."
Stephen was silent for a few
seconds before answering, "My
second elder sister came into town and had some issues, so I took a day off. Sorry, I didn't tell you beforehand." 
"What? Your sister's in trouble? What happened? Can you handle it by yourself? If you need help, I can come over now," Simona responded anxiously.
el.n
Just a moment ago, she had been wondering what he might be doing and if he was seeing another woman behind her back. After all, plenty of women in the university liked him. 
###chapter1340
 
Thinking of her suspicious thoughts, Simona felt guilty to face Stephen now.
Just then, Stephen said, "I can handle it, don't worry. But I might be busy for the next couple of days, so we won't be able to meet up. But once I'm free, let's go see a movie."
"Okay. Take good care of yourself and your sister, and call me if you need anything," Simona replied, understanding the situation.
Stephen then murmured, "I miss you, Simona."
"Me too," Simona's heart raced as she answered.
Every time Stephen confessed his feelings to her, she could never control her heartbeat.
His voice was so charming, low, and seductive. When he looked at her, it was as if she were the only one in his eyes, filling her heart completely.
After hanging up, Stephen walked out of the bathroom with his phone, showing no trace of emotion. Sweet words like those were things he could say to anyone.
As he stepped out, Albie was lying on the bed, and she snapped a few photos of him. "Not bad. So, how many women have you been with before me?"
Stephen was momentarily stunned but quickly regained his composure. "Can you delete the photos? I'm not wearing anything."
"Relax. I'm not going to show my phone to anyone. I'll keep them just for myself. "Albie then took another selfie with him, both of them still naked. The phone's high-resolution camera captured every mark left on their bodies.
Stephen frowned, about to say something, but held back. Personal photos like these were for private enjoyment, and he'd taken quite a few with others before.
"You're my first," he lied smoothly without blinking.
Albie laughed. "Do you think I'll buy that? But it's okay, we'll go with that. I like sweethearts like you. I've just transferred 200,000 dollars to you. Go buy yourself a few nice outfits. You might need them if we travel together. I don't want you looking cheap next to me."
Stephen glanced at his phone, confirming the transfer. Then, he climbed back onto the bed, saying, "Another round?" "You still have energy?"
"I could go two more times, easily."
"Oh? Prove it, then! We're not leaving the hotel if you don't show me."
The next morning, after breakfast, Skylar went back to her room to try on outfits and do her makeup.
Gloria and Veronica watched her try on several dresses before eventually choosing a simple yet elegant black dress. They agreed it was tasteful with a hint of allure.
She was scheduled to meet Joe at 11:00 am at a restaurant.
When she was done with her makeup, it was just around 9:00 am. The drive to the restaurant would only take about 40 minutes, so she had some time. 
Just as she was about to go downstairs to spend time with Gloria, Caleb sent her a new message.
He had sent her a photo.
The photo was of a handsome young man walking out of a hotel with a very attractive woman.
That young man was Stephen.
She recognized him from Simona's
social media posts, where she'd
often shared photos of herself and Stephen together. Simona had been posting about him a lot lately. 
et
"The guy is Simona's boyfriend. It seems that he's not so good and is messing around with someone else on the side. Should I tell Simona?" 
UMS
###chapter1341
 
Caleb sat in his car, staring intently at Stephen and the woman.
The woman looked like someone with an air of superficial glamor, while Stephen acted meekly and ingratiatingly around her, looking like nothing more than a boy toy.
He was entirely different from how he was with Simona, where he always put on a cold, noble front.
If Caleb hadn't been watching closely, he might have thought they were two different people.
He contacted Skylar because he was unsure if he should say anything. Discussing it with other friends would be embarrassing for Simona.
After all, Simona had proudly chosen this man and often flaunted him on social media, only for him to turn out to be a rotten scoundrel behind her back. No one could accept that.
In the car, Stephen and the woman began kissing openly. Caleb quickly recorded a short video and sent it to Skylar.
"This guy's only skill is lying and fooling people. Other than that, he's useless. Simona's been lied to big time. I almost wanted to jump out of the car and punch him."
Skylar replied promptly. "Don't do anything for now. With Aiken around, he won't let Simona get hurt."
Reading her message, Caleb calmed down.
Skylar was right. How could he forget Aiken? If he had caught Stephen cheating, Aiken probably knew as well.
Maybe he was just waiting for the right moment to reveal Stephen's true colors to Simona.
But no matter what, what Stephen did was indeed low.
...
Right after that, Skylar forwarded the photo and video to Aiken.
"Do you know about this?"
Aiken didn't reply immediately. It was likely because he was busy at the time, Skylar checked the time before heading downstairs. Then, she bid Gloria and Veronica goodbye before she left the house. 
Aiken replied to her when she was on her way.
"I arranged that."
Seeing his reply, Skylar let out a sigh of relief. Just as she thought, Aiken had everything planned.
Skylar had hoped that Stephen was someone who could rise above his difficult upbringing and grow into someone Simona could trust and love. But it seemed that she had been too optimistic. 
Stephen was too easily lured by Aiken's setup, proving his character.
Someone so calculating didn't deserve Simona.
Simona would be heartbroken when she found out Stephen's true nature. However, everyone would face challenges growing up, and they would meet a few bad apples along the way.
Lost in thought, Skylar soon found herself in a traffic jam.
The city center had always had heavy traffic. It was fortunate that she had left home early. She could still reach the restaurant in time.
There were plenty of angry drivers
on the road, but since most of the shouting was in their native tongue. So, Skylar couldn't fully understand and didn't pay much attention. 
Swne
As she neared her destination, traffic ground to a near standstill. She was only a mile away-a 15-minute walk-but still had to inch forward slowly.
Just then, her phone rang. Joe's deep voice can through the earpiece.
"There's a traffic jam, so don't rush to get here. Drive safely," he reminded her thoughtfully.
Seeing the unmoving cars ahead, Skylar smiled. "It's definitely jammed up here. I'll be careful. You too."
"I'm here already. What would you like to eat? I'll send you the menu," Joe replied.
###chapter1342
 
Skylar hadn't expected Joe to be so considerate, thinking of sending her the menu in advance so she could choose. This small gesture brought back memories of their past together, making her feel like she was stepping back in time.
The traffic jam was most likely caused by an accident. Otherwise, it wouldn't have come to a complete stall.
As she waited in the traffic, Skylar browsed the menu and picked a few dishes-some she liked and some she knew Joe enjoyed.
She wondered how authentic the dishes would be.
Some restaurants had adapted their recipes to local tastes, making significant changes so that the dishes, while having the same name as they had back in Jipsburg, tasted quite different.
"Just these?" Joe asked.
Skylar replied, "Have you been to this restaurant before? How's their tomato-basil fish stew?"
She had a craving for fish stew and hoped it would be delicious.
"I haven't tried it here, but we can give it a go," Joe replied.
"Sounds good," she said, deciding it was worth trying.
Veronica was actually a fantastic cook, and during the three years Skylar had been in Murida, she hadn't had the chance to cook herself often.
However, Veronica wasn't well-versed in spicy food. With Gloria's tastes in mind, she usually made dishes that were light and mild. Skylar would only cook something spicy for herself when she had a particular craving.
Thinking back on those three years and scrolling through her chat with Joe, she suddenly felt as if those years had been a dream, almost like they hadn't really happened.
The honk from a car behind snapped her back to reality-the traffic had cleared.
Within minutes, she arrived at the restaurant. Skylar walked straight inside after parking her car.
Three of the dishes they ordered had
already been served in the private room. She had worried about the flavor, but judging by the colors and aroma, they seemed authentic and likely delicious. 
"Have a seat," Joe said.
Seeing Skylar's interest in the food as she entered, he smirked slightly. It seemed that she was quite a foodie.
But despite having a big appetite, she was still so slender. Her waist looked so small that he felt he could practically wrap his arm around it. Skylar hummed a response before sitting down. "Are you hungry?"
She hadn't noticed the time when she arrived, but it was already half an hour later than their planned meeting time. The traffic had been absurd. "Not really," he replied.
Skylar nodded. "Me too. Have you been to this restaurant before?"
"A few times," Joe answered.
Skylar smiled and felt reassured. If Joe had been there multiple times, then the food there must have been pretty good to have won his approval. Once all the dishes were served, they began eating quietly.
After a while, Joe broke the silence. "Why are you so sure that I'm Joe Martin?"
Skylar looked up at him. "Everything
pointed to you being Joe. So, there's no doubt about it. I'm sure you've looked into Ned Sowle, right? Knowing you, you would have also checked into Joe Martin. 
"The two of you have completely different personalities. Take Ned, for example. He had a foreign accent, but you spoke flawlessly. Also, as mentioned before, he was
near sighted, while you have
ve
excellent vision. 
"Looking past your appearance, you're completely different people."
She looked at the familiar contours and features of Joe's face. Every line, every feature was the Joe she knew.
"What if I'm not him?" Joe asked, watching her closely.
###chapter1343
 
Skylar immediately realized that Joe was still uncertain about his own identity. He was worried whether he was really Joe Martin.
Seeing him filled with doubt, Skylar remained firm. "From the day I confirmed that you were Joe, you became Joe. You are not Ned Sowle. So, it's you that I'm committed to, not the name you currently go by."
Upon hearing this, Joe's eyes darkened as if a storm was brewing in them, dark clouds churning with intensity. His gaze was so intense that he looked like he could almost devour her.
Joe thought to himself, "She's committed to me?"
They locked eyes for a long time, and Skylar's heart pounded rapidly.
A sudden call broke the silence, pulling them back to reality.
Joe answered the call on his phone.
"Mr. Sowle, Ms. Reese has attempted suicide! Please come to the hospital quickly!"
The urgency in the caller's voice changed Joe's expression. He stood up and said, "I'll be right there." Then, he looked at Skylar. "Remember what you said today."
With that, he strode out quickly.
Skylar had faintly heard the words "attempted suicide." But why would Rosa suddenly attempt suicide?
At the hospital, Rosa lay pale on the hospital bed, having been unconscious for over an hour.
Fortunately, a nurse had discovered her in time. Otherwise, the consequences would have been dire.
The doctor explained Rosa's condition to Calvin, and when Joe arrived, Calvin briefed him immediately.
"Mr. Sowle Ms. Reese used a razor
to cut he wrists, and there was blood all over the floor. The doctor said it was a close call-if she'd been found an hour later, she might not have made it. 
"The cut was deep. It seems she genuinely intended to end her life. The doctor also said she can't be subjected to any stress right now. There's a chance she may try again when she wakes up. 
et
"A psychologist called her on the phone, and answered it. He said Ms. Reese has severe depression and is in a critical period where she really needs family support. Otherwise, she might not have the will to keep on living." 
Calvin carefully watched Joe's reaction as he finished speaking.
Being by his side every day, Calvin noticed Joe's unusual interest in Skylar recently. He had even arranged for today's lunch meeting on his own. But with this emergency, it seemed like he wouldn't be able to see Skylar anytime soon.
After all, Rosa was too fragile right now. They might have prevented one suicide attempt, but what about the next time? They might not be so lucky again.
Joe's brow frowned deeply.
At that moment, Rosa began to regain consciousness.
As she opened her eyes, she felt disoriented, as though she didn't know where she was. She was stunned when she saw Joe.
After staring at him for a few minutes, she averted her eyes and stared blankly at the ceiling.
Rosa, who was usually full of life and talkative, now seemed utterly devoid of any spirit. It was an expression Joe had rarely seen on her before.
###chapter1344
 
Calvin immediately looked at Joe.
Joe was the first to speak. "What made you consider ending your life?"
Hearing this, Rosa turned her gaze toward Joe but said nothing. Her tears began to spill over, each drop seemingly carrying the weight of her countless unspoken grievances.
It was a long moment before Rosa finally spoke. "There's no meaning left in my life. I don't want to be a burden to you, so my death would be better for everyone.
"You shouldn't have had the doctors save me. Without me, you'd probably be a lot happier. Go on and chase after your so-called true love."
After saying this, she closed her eyes as if she had no more to say.
Joe's brows knitted even tighter. "You're not a burden to anyone."
Rosa remained silent, her hands clenched tightly under the covers. She screamed internally, "Not a burden? Then why won't you marry me? Why did you break up with me?"
After a few minutes, Joe instructed Calvin, "Have someone stay here to keep watch."
"Understood, Mr. Sowle. Don't worry, I'll take care of things here," Calvin replied immediately.
When Joe stepped out of the ward, Rosa opened her eyes again. Her desolation had turned into fury. She had come to this, and he could still leave. It seemed three years of companionship really meant nothing to him. Rosa wondered how he could be so heartless.
Her eyes were red and swollen, and she suddenly sat up.
"Ms. Reese, please, you just had surgery! Your wrist injury has just been stitched up. Please, you shouldn't move," Clavin exclaimed, startled by her sudden movement.
Seeing her bloodshot eyes, Calvin quickly added, "Mr. Sowle only stepped out for a moment and will return shortly. If you have something to say, you can wait until he's back. Please, don't hurt yourself out of anger."
Rosa let out a self-deprecating laugh. "Do you think he still cares about me? His thoughts are all on Skylar now! For Skylar, he doesn't care about anything I do anymore. He's willing to cast me aside just to be with her. 
"Why did he leave you here? To keep me from killing myself so he won't be distracted from his plans to marry Skylar? Get out. Just get out!"
She had figured it all out. With Skylar
in his life, Joe had truly cast Rosa aside, showing no concern for whether she lived or died. The deep wound on her wrist-he hadn't even glanced at it. 
She wondered if he even realized how much his cold indifference was tearing her apart.
"No, no, it's not what you think, Ms. Reese. The moment Mr. Sowle heard you were in trouble, he came right away. That alone shows how important you are to him.
"After all, when Mr. Sowle had his car accident years ago, it was you who stood by his side and helped him through the worst of it," Calvin said, desperately trying to comfort her.
Rosa let out a hollow, bitter laugh. "Oh, I supported him through the hardest times, and now he's abandoning me to face the rest of my life alone. What's the point of staying alive?"
"Ms. Reese, there's no issue that
can't be resolved. Once you're discharged, you can talk to Mr. Sowle about whatever's on your mind. He may not speak much but he takes his promises very seriously," Calvin said, wiping the sweat from his forehead 
Previously, he hadn't thought Rosa was so difficult to reason with. Now, he was finding her impossible. Her stubbornness was extreme.
In fact, Joe had even given her an extremely generous breakup settlement-more money than most people could earn in several lifetimes. Anyone else would have accepted it without hesitation.
If Joe were truly heartless, he wouldn't have arranged for her to live comfortably for the rest of her life. He wouldn't have offered a penny.
Moreover, Joe had secretly investigated some past events, and even he had begun to feel that Rosa's relentless persistence must be hiding some unspeakable secrets.
A few minutes later...
Rosa stood on the rooftop of the hospital, looking down at the ground far below. She knew that one jump would mean a swift end.
Her life would end here.
Turning to face the people trying to stop her from jumping, she warned, "Stay back, all of you."
###chapter1345
 
Calvin looked down at his phone, his face drained of all color. He wondered where Joe was and why he hadn't shown up yet.
A few doctors and nurses nearby continued to urge Rosa to come down.
"Ms. Reese, please, just come down. There's no issue that can't be resolved. Let's take this out calmly."
"Yes, exactly. It's not uncommon for patients to experience mood swings after surgery. But physically, you're recovering well. Ms. Reese, if you're worried about a scar from the surgery, there's treatment to minimize that. When you're discharged, someone will guide you on how to reduce scars. It could even be made nearly invisible."
The nurse assumed that Rosa's despair stemmed from her worry about her appearance and fear of having scars, which was why she was contemplating suicide, so she quickly tried to console her.
These days, so many women set impossibly high standards for themselves, often struggling with any perceived imperfection. Of course, many people also struggled with mental health issues.
However, Calvin knew better. Hearing the doctors' and nurses' words, he broke into a nervous sweat. If this were only about appearance, then the issue would be easy to resolve.
With so many cosmetic clinics these days, each better than the last, anyone could look exactly how they wanted.
"Ms. Reese, Mr. Sowle is already downstairs. He was just picking up the engagement ring. He said once you're fully recovered, he'll marry you," Calvin said hurriedly after seeing Joe's message.
If Rosa jumped from this ledge, his high-salary position and career would be over. He had only looked away for a second when Rosa bolted from the ward straight to the rooftop.
Now, there was a crowd gathering below the hospital.
He couldn't even imagine what the media would report now or what headlines would follow. Just the thought of the impending PR nightmare ahead made Calvin's head pound.
Before, Joe never appeared in public, and no one really knew who he was, so it didn't matter. But after he visited Jipsburg that one time, a few news pieces surfaced, and now a lot of people recognize him.
If news broke today about his fiancée threatening to jump, it would be a massive scandal-one that could even jeopardize Hawking Technologies' upcoming IPO.
Now was the most crucial time for the company's development. There could be absolutely no mistakes.
When Rosa heard the words "engagement ring" and "marry", a glimmer of hope sparked in her eyes, but it was quickly overshadowed by doubt.
"Is he really going to propose? Are you lying to me? No, no, that can't be. He just talked about breaking up; his mind is completely wrapped up in Skylar. There's no way he'd propose, let alone marry me.
"That's impossible! You're lying! He
et
doesn't care whether I live or die. Maybe he's just waiting for me to jump. If do, he'll finally be free of this burden-free of me! I won't have to see him marrying Skylar anymore. I'll finally be free. 
"Stay back! If anyone takes one more step closer, I swear I'll jump."
As the doctors and nurses moved closer, her emotions spiraled further out of control.
Calvin, frantic and desperate, blurted
out, "If you don't believe me, Ms. Reese, just look at my phone. I have the chat history with Mr. Sowle right here. He just sent me a message.
You
can check it out." 
Rosa stared intently at Calvin's phone.
However, the distance made it hard for her to see what was written. All she could make out was Joe's profile picture.
She shook her head, her face
crumpling with despair. "No, no! This isn't right. He wouldn't agree to? marry willingly. He's only saying that because I'm about to jump, and he's worried it'll cause him trouble 
"He doesn't love me anymore, don't you understand? He doesn't love me, so how could he possibly marry me?"
Rosa let out a bitter laugh, feeling a wave of irony wash over her. What a pathetic situation she had fallen into thinking she could be loved.
###chapter1346
 
Rosa felt that life had truly lost its meaning.
"Mr. Sowle is in the elevator right now. Ms. Reese, please come down. When he arrives, you can ask him directly. He's always been a man of his word; you know him better than we do.
"Some people are just passing through in his life. How can a passing figure be more important than you? You're the one meant to share the future with him. You've been through so much together. This is just a minor hurdle," Calvin said while wiping the sweat from his forehead, desperately trying to persuade Rosa.
Upon hearing his words, Rosa's expression softened slightly. Maybe everything was just a small issue.
Yes... Skylar was just a passerby. She was the one who was meant to be with him for a lifetime.
She and Joe had been through so much together. Skylar couldn't take him away so easily. Skylar was just a cunning thief, and thieves never truly win in the end.
Just then, Joe walked out of the elevator. Upon seeing Rosa standing on the rooftop, he furrowed his brow and said, "Rosa, come down." Hearing his familiar voice made Rosa turn her head immediately. Her eyes filled with tears that she couldn't hold back.
"I won't come down. I don't want to be your burden. Ned, we are destined to be apart in this lifetime. I know you don't love me anymore, so I'll let you go. I just want you to be happy, no matter what, now or in the past."
Rosa was in tears, looking as if she had made peace with everything and was no longer afraid of death. Then, she snapped back to reality and glanced down.
So many people had gathered in such a short time. A few reporters were snapping pictures, their cameras clicking away at the scenes.
She didn't want this humiliating moment captured, nor did she want anyone to associate her with a suicide attempt in the future.
But there was no other way out. She knew Joe was resolute. If he said he would give her up, he really would. If he turned around and went to find Skylar, he would do it.
So, she felt she had no choice. She had to take drastic measures to keep Joe with her.
"If you come down, we'll get married tomorrow," Joe said in a deep voice.
Outside the hospital, Skylar stepped into the crowd and looked up at the rooftop. The building wasn't very tall, so she could clearly see Rosa standing there.
Some reporters had already deployed drones to capture live footage of the scene, eager to break the news first. Nearby, a reporter was reporting on the live updates from the drone feed.
When Skylar heard that Joe had promised to marry Rosa the next day, her expression changed dramatically.
"I heard they've been in love for many years, growing up together in an orphanage. A few years ago, Ned was in a terrible car accident, and it was Rosa who stayed by his side to care for him. 
"The loyalty and support she showed during that time must have left a lasting impression on him. How could he forget that loyalty? Why is it that it has suddenly come to this, with Rosa threatening to jump?" 
swne
"Didn't they just capture footage? It seems there's a third party involved, and Ned wants to break up with Rosa, which is why Rosa is so devastated."
"If it were me, I wouldn't be able to handle such a blow either. After investing so many years and nurturing all that hope, only to have a damned mistress show up at the last minute.
"I can't help but wonder who this mistress is She must be quite the schemer read reports just recently stating Ne'd had eyes only for Rosa. How could this mistress take her place so quickly? She must have some serious skills." 
###chapter1347
 
Skylar stood frozen, overwhelmed by the various hurtful speculations and gossip echoing around her. As she looked back up at the rooftop, she saw Joe lifting Rosa and carrying her down.
Many cameras captured the sight of the two embracing, leaving Skylar feeling stiff. All around her, people celebrated.
"Look at Mr. Sowle. He must realize how important Ms. Reese is. Seeing them together is so touching. It almost makes me cry. They are the true couple. That mistress should just get as far away as possible."
"Exactly! Just look at how urgent Mr. Sowle seems. You only understand someone's worth when you risk losing them. I bet Mr. Sowle won't dare mention breaking up again."
"Quick! Find me information on the mistress. I want first-hand details."
Skylar slowly averted her gaze, stepped back, and then walked away from the whirlwind of chaos.
News about Rosa's suicide attempt and Ned's realization of her importance, as well as the identity of the mistress, quickly flooded the inte. Some influences in Murida acted like detectives, piecing together clues from various hints.
During the rooftop incident, Rosa had mentioned Skylar's name, and the drone footage captured that. However, people couldn't pinpoint exactly who Skylar was, leading many to actively search for her and request interviews with the involved parties.
Some people within the Clusian community were well aware of Skylar. When they heard she was the mistress involved with Ned and Rosa, they were surprised. Of course, many who had interacted with Skylar scoffed at such news.
Regardless, they all called to check in on her. Even if Skylar didn't want Gloria to find out, Gloria would still learn about the news.
As soon as Skylar stepped through the front door, Gloria hurried over. "Skye..."
Skylar smiled at her. "Grandma."
Noticing Skylar's calm expression, Gloria felt an ache in her heart. Skylar had been through so much and had suffered so many blows, yet she maintained a composed and peaceful demeanor whenever facing her.
It was just so heartbreaking.
Veronica stood beside them, barely daring to breathe.
Gloria wiped her tears and said, "I saw the news, Skye. Just wait. I'm going to find Joe right now."
"That Rosa is so calculating. Making
such a scene at the hospital by
jumping off the building-she's
et
clearly forcing Mr. Martin to marry her. With public opinion all on her side, bet a lot of those reporters were ones she called herself. 
"It's all a setup! First, she pressured Mr. Martin, and then she tried to smear you, Mrs. Martin." Veronica looked as if she had pieced everything together.
She could see right through it, and it made her furious.
Skylar remained calm, soothing Gloria. "Grandma, I'm alright. Going to him now won't accomplish anything Besides, with him and the hospital swarming with reporters and influencers. Those opportunists will spin any story they can out of this." 
"If you don't go to him, should you just let him marry that woman? Then what? Are you just going to stand aside? That would mean he's committing bigamy. I'll drag him to get a DNA test to see if he's truly my grandson," Gloria said furiously. 
She had been considering the paternity test idea over the past few days.
###chapter1348
 
If Joe still couldn't be sure of his own identity, then a paternity test would be the most straightforward solution. Gloria could even ask Edwin to come to Murida.
She had been disappointed with her son beyond words and had resolved to cut ties with him for good. But now, she would be willing to concede if it could bring Joe back.
Skylar's eyes lit up. "A paternity test?"
She couldn't believe she had overlooked such a clear way to confirm Joe's identity. She had already had a few chances to discreetly collect a strand of his hair, but it hadn't even crossed her mind at the time.
"Yes, I only thought of it today." Gloria nodded. The urge to storm into the hospital and confront Joe grew stronger with each word.
After over three years of waiting, she couldn't bear seeing Skylar slandered and humiliated any longer.
The media's portrayal of Skylar had been too outrageous. They made her sound like some kind of mistress.
Skylar and Joe had a marriage certificate, making them a legitimate couple.
Skylar gave a reassuring nod, smiling gently at Gloria's worried expression. "Don't worry, Grandma. Even if we went to the hospital today, we probably wouldn't be able to reach him. Let's wait a little longer. I believe he'll give me an answer."
Today, he had asked to meet her in person, and she could feel that unspoken connection between them. She believed he would reach out soon.
She didn't deny that Rosa had feelings for him and that maybe their relationship had grown close over the past three years. After all, she had known Joe for nowhere near as long as that.
That realization hit her as she recalled seeing them embrace at the hospital. She might have overlooked it in the shock of discovering that Ned was Joe.
Now, her thoughts were tangled in a complicated mess she needed time to sort out.
Gloria sighed and regained her composure. "You're right, Skye. Right now, the rumors are flying everywhere, and stirring things up won't do us any good. Let's give it a day. I refuse to believe he'd actually marry that woman tomorrow."
Veronica chimed in, "Neither do !!
He's probably just trying to placate
Rosa so she won't jump. What they're saying online is just outrageous, but let's not focus on that What would you like for dinner, Mrs. Martin Senior, Mrs. Martin? I'll start preparing now." 
Gloria waved her hand. "Whatever you feel like making will be fine."
Skylar smiled and said, "I'd like some pasta."
"Pasta? Sure! I'll get the ingredients ready. We'll have some carbonara tonight," Veronica replied, heading straight to the kitchen.
Skylar held Gloria's arm gently, reassuring her. "Please don't worry about me, Grandma. I'm really fine. Rosa's attempt to jump today must have completely caught Joe off guard. I didn't even know he had broken up with her before the news broke.
"So, in my opinion, he must have a
plan. Right now, we can have some confidence and wait and see. So, please don't worry about this, and don't get all worked up. Your health is the most important thing. Besides, if they really do decide to get married tomorrow, I'll crash it. What's there to be afraid of, right?" 
"Alright, I'll listen to you. You're right. They haven't gotten married yet, have they? I've been craving pasta myself, so how about we each enjoy a big plate tonight? We should eat well and leave the complicated stuff for him to handle." Gloria nodded repeatedly. 
Seeing Gloria's mood lighten, Skylar felt relieved. "Grandma, I'm going to take a shower upstairs. I'm feeling a bit sweaty and uncomfortable." "Okay, hurry along."
Once Skylar was upstairs, Gloria sighed softly, muttering to herself, "Haven't these two been through too much already?"
Meanwhile, at the hospital, Rosa lay in her bed, staring unblinkingly at Joe.
###chapter1349
 
Rosa couldn't shake off the feeling that everything around her might just be an illusion. Joe had promised her that they would get married tomorrow. After risking everything by attempting to jump from the building, she had finally achieved what she wanted.
"We're getting married tomorrow. Can we arrange for my discharge now? I'm perfectly fine. Let's go get our marriage certificate tomorrow."
She fixed her gaze on Joe, afraid he might change his mind.
Joe nodded and said, "Your current condition isn't stable enough for discharge. We need to wait for the doctor's evaluation."
Rosa's heart finally settled upon hearing his agreement.
She knew he was a man of his word. Once he promised something, he would follow through. "You love me, don't you? Seeing me about to jump— you were scared, weren't you? Afraid of losing me?" Rosa stared intensely at Joe, trying to confirm her thoughts.
If he didn't love her, he could have let her jump. Just as she had said, if she jumped, he would be free from the burden.
"Don't overthink it," Joe said in a deep voice.
At that moment, Joe's phone rang. He quickly answered, "What's up?"
As he spoke, he walked out of the ward and gave Rosa a glance, telling her to rest.
Rosa watched the door close, frustration simmering within her. The call could have come at any other time, yet it chose that exact moment to interrupt her. Anger surged within her as she thought about the timing.
Reaching for her phone tucked under her pillow, she found multiple notifications. There were messages from a reporter, Cecil Greene, long-lost friends, and even acquaintances she had met at various events.
Her friends and the people from the events were all watching her situation unfold with a sense of morbid curiosity.
Rosa refused to look at their
messages, but she couldn't ignore Cecil's messages. The reason so many reporters were present was
that she had tipped them off in
advance, orchestrating a major news story to force Joe into a decision. 
She never truly considered jumping off the building. The depression was just a ruse she had agreed upon with the doctor.
Rosa had never been one to give up easily, and she didn't believe that Joe could be indifferent to her after more than three years. Seeing her on the edge, there was no way he would remain unresponsive.
Just as she had predicted, the gamble paid off.
Cecil asked, "Ms. Reese, do you have any photos of the mistress? If you do, you can send them to me. I can expose her to the world, making her utterly humiliated. Who knows, maybe she'll be the one who jumps." 
sw never
Rosa had plenty of photos of Skylar. However, she hesitated. After all, Skylar was not an ordinary person without any powerful connections. She wondered if she should send those photos to Cecil.
If she did, she was confident the media would expose Skylar as the mistress. This might force Skylar to return to ipsburg, as no one in their Clusian community would be able to withstand the embarrassment of being labeled as a mistress. 
"Let me think it over. Don't take any drastic actions just yet," she replied.
After contemplating, she decided that if Joe took her to get married tomorrow, she would keep Skylar's identity under wraps. But if Joe hesitated, she wouldn't hold back from exposing her.
Cecil urged, "I think this is a golden opportunity. The story is trending, and if we miss it, we may never get this level of exposure again."
"I understand. Just wait for my message tomorrow. You did well today," Rosa responded.
After finishing her conversation with Cecil, she glanced at the door, noticing that Joe had yet to return.
With nothing to do, she began replying to a few friends' messages. The exchanges reflected her sense of despair about life and her willingness to fulfill Joe's desires.
###chapter1350
 
In everyone's eyes, Rosa was undoubtedly the pitiable one. If Joe abandoned her now, all her efforts over the past few years would be erased. The company's IPO would be jeopardized, and many investors might rethink their support of Joe.
Rosa knew that, as long as Joe weighed his options carefully, he would come to value her. She was determined to fully commit to him in return.
Joe was fielding calls from a few shareholders and even some media outlets. Rosa's incident today had caused quite a stir.
Calvin hurried over and stopped before Joe. "Mr. Sowle, people online are trying to dig up information on the supposed mistress. If this continues, they might connect the dots to Ms. Sullivan. The media also suggests they'll live broadcast your marriage certificate signing with Rosa tomorrow."
It was like being backed into a corner. At this point, Joe had little choice but to go through with the marriage. Calvin frowned at the unfolding situation. The media was being too aggressive now.
Besides, there hadn't been this many media reporters causing a stir in the past. It was possible that some individuals were already envious of their company's rise, especially since they had secured a significant amount of business this year.
"Skylar is not my mistress," Joe replied firmly. His expression hardened as his hand instinctively reached for his pocket where he kept a pack of cigarettes. But he stopped himself.
The cigarettes were there. Since learning that smoking was never really his habit, he had started trying to curb his cravings-even going without them on certain days.
He wondered who he really was.
Standing here on the rooftop, he could have a smoke-it wasn't like he was inside a hospital.
"Find out why those reporters arrived so fast," Joe added.
Calvin nodded. "Got it. What should we do about Ms. Sullivan?"
"Keep her out of this. Don't involve her. I need to speak with Rosa's psychologist tonight, and I want her diagnostic report as well," Joe commanded in a low voice.
Calvin nodded in agreement.
After taking a few puffs from his cigarette, Joe added, "Also, arrange for the director of the orphanage to meet with me. I want to speak with her in person." 
"Got it. I'll go right now. By the way, is it true that you and Ms. Reese are getting married tomorrow?" Calvin asked.
Joe narrowed his eyes, gazing toward the distant skyscrapers. "We'll see about that tomorrow."
"Understood."
Skylar and Gloria each enjoyed a plate of pasta for dinner. The carbonara was Veronica's specialty.
The sauce of the carbonara was exceptional. After being cooked to perfection, the pasta had a refreshing taste that was easy on the stomach.
After their meal, Skylar and Gloria took a stroll in the yard.
Gloria glanced at her watch. "It's getting late. He still hasn't contacted you?"
She was impressed by Joe's composure. She wondered if he was really not worried about his wife leaving him.
Even if he had lost his memory, she felt it was wrong not to reach out.
Skylar checked the time. It was already 8:00 pm. "There's no rush, Grandma."
Gloria sighed deeply. "At this hour, how can you say there's no rush? If he hasn't reached out yet, it means he still thinks he's Ned and believes he should take responsibility for Rosa, I'll go find him tomorrow and get that paternity test done." 
"Grandma, have you considered that Rosa has been by his side for three years? Maybe she holds an irreplaceable position in his heart," Skylar suddenly asked seriously. 
UMS
###chapter1351
 
Skylar didn't doubt Joe's feelings for her. If this had been before his amnesia, she would have been certain of it.
But over the past three years, their lives had taken different paths. Rosa had been by Joe's side, helping him recover from his car accident and even starting a business together.
This shared experience was vastly different from the ordinary arranged marriage she had with Joe.
Gloria noticed that Skylar was starting to doubt herself and quickly said, "You mustn't think that way. Rosa must have seen long ago that Joe is not Ned. After three years of being with him, she surely has some ulterior motives. It's not like the bond you share with Joe."
"Okay, I'll listen to you, Grandma," Skylar replied with a smile, wanting to ease Gloria's worries.
She glanced at the time and added, "It's getting late. Let's head back and get some rest."
Typically, Gloria was already in bed before 9:00 pm. But today, she was emotionally drained and felt tired. "Alright, I'm off to bed. Tomorrow, we'll find Joe. Just trust me on this," she said.
Skylar nodded in agreement. "Okay, I'll trust you, Grandma."
In Jipsburg City, Natalie woke up early to find a news article on her phone. It was news from Murida.
Austin had sent it to her. When she saw that the main characters were Ned and Rosa, she was stunned.
The article was filled with speculation about the mistress, causing her to furrow her brows.
She knew Ned was Joe and that Skylar had returned early to make Joe aware of his true identity. But she couldn't help but wonder why there was such a huge uproar, especially since Rosa had even tried to jump off a building.
She found those articles ridiculous. The real mistress was Rosa. There was no way Rosa didn't know Joe wasn't Ned.
She had stayed quiet for three years, so she must have been fully aware of everything.
Natalie checked the time. It was early enough that Skylar probably hadn't slept yet. If she had known about this news, then Skylar certainly would have, too.
Now Rosa was resorting to threatening to jump off a building to force Joe to marry her. It was utterly shameless and desperate.
Fortunately, just as the phone rang a few times, Skylar answered it. "I just saw the news from Murida. Is Rosa completely shameless? She's trying to force Joe into marrying her by threatening to jump off a building. What are you going to do about it?" 
"I feel like she isn't serious about jumping. She just wants to pressure Joe into making a choice. What's going on with Joe? After all this time with amnesia, hasn't he remembered anything at all?" Natalie's anger was palpable.
Encountering such a situation first
thing in the morning made it hard for her to contain her frustration. She had thought that finding Joe meant Skylar's struggles were finally over, but she never expected so many complications to arise. 
Skylar had just finished showering and was lying on her bed. "This is something Joe needs to decide for himself. He and Rosa have been there for each other for three years."
"Wait, you can't actually think that they have true love, right?" Natalie felt that Skylar was suddenly filled with self-doubt.
But then again, if she were in Skylar's position, she might think the same way. Three years was neither a long nor a short time.
For two people who had relied on each other, it was impossible not to form some feelings.
On the news, the two were shown embracing, suggesting that Joe might actually care about Rosa. However if Joe really married Rosa just because of their three years together, Natalie wondered what it would mean for all of Sky searching and waiting during those same three years. Content belongs
"Nath, I saw Joe anxiously hold Rosa on the rooftop today. That fear of losing someone is something I've felt too.
"Those three years they spent together were undeniably real. Moreover, he doesn't trust me completely yet. He still has doubts about his identity," Skylar replied solemnly.
###chapter1352
 
Natalie was momentarily stunned by Skylar's words, unsure of how to respond. "I... I don't care about the three years of companionship. To me, those years have been particularly tough for you."
Skylar smiled softly. "Those three years have been difficult for both of us. I don't want him to regret any decision he makes."
"Sometimes, can't you just think about yourself instead of always worrying about others?" Natalie felt a pang of sympathy for Skylar.
Skylar replied, "Got it. How have you and Mr. Powell been lately?"
At the mention of Austin, Natalie's cheeks flushed slightly. "We're doing pretty well. Mr. Powell has been a great boyfriend."
"Congratulations, Nath! You've found love," Skylar said sincerely. Austin had liked her for years, and after coming back, he pursued her wholeheartedly.
Such sincerity was worth committing to.
"Even if Mr. Powell and I don't have a future, I wouldn't regret this relationship," Natalie declared. From the moment she started dating Austin, she knew their relationship might end due to parental disapproval.
But having loved and experienced this relationship, she would never regret it. Skylar sensed the courage in Natalie's voice. "You need to have faith in Mr. Powell."
"Absolutely!" Natalie had no doubts about Austin's feelings for her. She poured all her emotions into him.
If she had accepted this love, she would have loved him fiercely and wholeheartedly.
"Why are we suddenly talking about my relationship with Mr. Powell again? I think you should crash their marriage certificate signing tomorrow and let everyone know that Ned is Joe! He is your legitimate husband. If Joe marries Rosa, it would be bigamy," Natalie said, her tone fiery.
Skylar laughed in response. "Okay, okay. I'll seriously consider it."
"I'm not joking, Skye." Natalie knew Skylar was trying to cheer her up, easing her worries.
Skylar shifted her tone. "I'll think about it seriously tonight."
"Alright, I won't keep you. Get some rest."
"Okay, goodbye."
After hanging up, Skylar found it hard to sleep.
With no one beside her, she felt free to check the news. As the afternoon and evening progressed, the number of people discussing the situation grew significantly. 
More and more people were curious about the mistress who could have driven Rosa to jump.
Speculations about who this
mistress could be had already
el.ne
circulated, with potential candidates ranging from those in Hawking. Technologies to anyone who could engage in conversation with him at various events. 
net
The public's anger over wanting to know the mistress' identity was fueled by the deep connection between Ned and Rosa. Rosa's unwavering loyalty to Ned and, their shared journey of supporting each other through the challenges of
building a business together only intensified the outrage. 
If Ned weren't Joe, then Joe's betrayal of Rosa might have caused her disdain. But now, Ned was Joe. She was Joe's wife.
A whirlwind of thoughts flooded Skylar's mind.
She wondered what Joe would choose tomorrow. She opened her WhatsApp and scrolled through her chat history with Joe from earlier that day.
After a moment's hesitation, she typed out a message. "Are you really going to marry Rosa tomorrow?"
###chapter1353
 
Skylar bit her lip, deciding to take a more assertive stance.
"I'm your wife, Joe. If you marry Rosa, you'll be committing bigamy. Why don't you come back with me to Jipsburg first, get a divorce, and then go ahead and marry her."
These two messages fell into silence. By the time Skylar decided to sleep, she still hadn't received a response from Joe. It seemed Joe had already made his choice.
A heavy weight pressed against her heart, making her feel as if she were carrying a stone.
Joe stood by the floor-to-ceiling window of his apartment. Several cigarette butts lay in the ashtray beside him.
On the table, scattered papers indicated the chaos of his thoughts. Calvin stood nearby, holding more documents.
"Mr. Sowle, the director of the orphanage said she won't meet with you. These are the files detailing your history at the orphanage from childhood until now. She asked me to hand them to you."
"Just leave them," Joe replied tersely.
Once Calvin placed the files down and exited the apartment, Joe picked them up one by one, scanning each page. Every word on the document seemed to prove something to him.
After several minutes, he finished reading all the documents and lit another cigarette.
Amidst the swirling smoke, he picked up a document regarding Rosa's psychological evaluation. It indicated that she was suffering from depression. He abruptly extinguished the half-burned cigarette, lost in thought.
He picked up his phone from the side.
Under the silent mode, there were numerous unread messages. One of them was a call from Jipsburg.
There was also a message from Skylar. After reading what she had said, a smile involuntarily appeared on his lips. That was her personality.
He froze when he saw the word "divorce". She had quite the attitude.
He then dialed back the call from Jipsburg City.
"This is Jeremy." A voice crackled through the phone.
Joe replied, "I know."
"I've caught wind of the hottest news in Murida today. I understand that, in your eyes, we are merely business partners at this point. However, I must say some things.
"If you truly decide to marry Rosa
tomorrow, then be prepared to regret it once you regain your memories. Remember, you are not Ned; you are Joe," Jeremy stated in
a serious tone. 
Jeremy rarely meddled in others' affairs. But Joe was not just anyone. He couldn't stand by and watch this unfold.
Joe asked, "So, you're sure I'm Joe?"
Jeremy replied, "If you were Ned, you wouldn't have recovered so quickly after the car accident. You've always been hard on yourself. I bet you've been pushing yourself through rehab." 
Joe's expression darkened. "I need you to do me a favor."
"Just tell me."
The long night dragged on.
Rosa had never felt time move so slowly.
She couldn't sleep at all that night. Even though Joe had promised her he would pick her up from the hospital the next day when he left; she still couldn't feel at ease 
After thinking it over, she remained convinced that Skylar wouldn't willingly let Joe marry her. After all, Skylar was a shrewd person.
###chapter1354
 
Rosa bit her lip, making a difficult decision. Finally, she reached out to Cecil.
"I'll send you a photo. Her name is Skylar Sullivan, and she's an antique restorer."
She selected a flattering front-facing photo of Skylar and sent it off. Cecil was busy editing various news stories and hadn't slept all night. When he saw the photo from Rosa, he was thrilled.
"This mistress has a lovely name and is pretty too. But she doesn't know how to behave. How could she possibly be the third party between you and Mr. Sowle?
"I really can't stand these types of hypocritical women. Let's ruin her so she'll never have a chance to interfere in anyone's relationship again."
Rosa's eyes flickered as she read Cecil's response. "Go ahead and do what you think is best."
A sense of satisfaction washed over her as if she had just completed a crucial task. Yet, unease lingered within her.
She tossed and turned in bed, unable to shake her anxious thoughts. Her gaze fell on the bandage wrapped around her wrist. No one could stop her from marrying Joe tomorrow.
The next day, at 8:00 am, Skylar hadn't yet woken up when Gloria knocked on her door.
"Skye, we need to have breakfast and leave right now," Gloria called from outside.
Skylar rarely got up at this time. She had probably fallen asleep around three or four in the morning. When she saw that it was already 8:00 am, she quickly got out of bed and opened the door. "Grandma, I'm going to wash my face now."
"Hurry up," Gloria urged anxiously.
Seeing that Skylar was still groggy, she realized she had stayed up late the night before. They couldn't afford to waste any more time.
Just moments ago, several friends had called her, all inquiring about Skylar. Some unscrupulous reporter had reported that Skylar was a mistress, and now everyone was flooding the inte with hateful comments about her.
Gloria felt a surge of anger as she read the remarks. She had to stop Joe and Rosa from getting married. Everyone needed to know that the so-called Ned was actually Joe, Gloria's grandson and Skylar's husband.
...
30 minutes later, on the way, Skylar finally saw the news.
She was being doxxed online. People claimed that she was the third party between Joe and Rosa, and her personal information was thoroughly exposed.
Gloria noticed Skylar's changing expression and said in a solemn voice, "I've called some friends for help. They will work quickly to quell these rumors. Soon, there will be news confirming that Ned is Joe, and we'll announce your marriage to Joe." 
"Grandma, I'm fine," Skylar said, brushing off the news. The opinions and insults from others couldn't hurt her at all.
What mattered was what Joe thought and how he would react.
Gloria nodded and said, "I know you are a strong person. You've been through so much over the years. These things won't hurt you, but they can be disgusting.
"I won't let others treat you that way. As long as I'm here, I'll do everything in my power to protect you. Even if my grandson, Joe, were to hurt you, I would never allow it!" 
Upon hearing Gloria's words, Skylar felt her eyes well up with tears. She immediately hugged Gloria.
"Grandma, it doesn't matter how others slander me. I know I have you and so many family and friends who believe in me. I just hope you don't worry about Joe and me."
Gloria's eyes glistened as she replied, "You silly girl, how can you say that? My health isn't as fragile as you think. If I don't protect you now, then when will I?"
By the time they arrived at the venue,
a thick crowd had already gathered, people packed in layers around the entrance. Everyone was eager to get the first-hand scoop, ready to livestream the moment Joe and Rosa got married. Content belongs
"Why haven't they shown up yet?" Gloria leaned out to look.
Veronica replied, "I'll check on things and see if we arrived late."
A few minutes later, Veronica returned and said, "I asked around, and they said Mr. Martin and Rosa haven't arrived yet."
Skylar nodded and looked toward the dense crowd, which included reporters, influencers, and many onlookers.
###chapter1355
 
Skylar found it hard to believe that Joe marrying Rosa could attract such a large crowd. Her thoughts were a bit scattered as she took in the scene. "They're not here yet? Then we might as well take a moment to rest," Gloria remarked, slightly surprised as she glanced at her wristwatch.
Inwardly, she wondered if the delay meant that Joe might not show up at all. If he really didn't come, he would truly be proving himself her grandson. The idea that he had been forced into marriage by someone with hidden motives was simply not something Joe would tolerate. Of course, she kept that thought to herself.
She didn't want to give Skylar any false hope only for things to turn out differently.
Meanwhile, Rosa was being assisted from her ward to the elevator and finally to the hospital's underground parking lot.
She hadn't gotten much rest the entire night. After the surgery, which involved both a wrist injury and a suicide attempt, her body felt extremely weak. Despite the doctor's protests, she insisted on being discharged. Once she was helped into the car, Rosa barely had the strength to sit upright. She forced herself to look around the interior. "Where's Ned?"
Not seeing him, Rosa's face paled. She fought against the dizziness to question Brian and Calvin.
Calvin replied, "Mr. Sowle had an important meeting and couldn't make it to pick you up. But don't worry, Ms. Reese, you'll see him soon."
Rosa's face was pale, and she
seemed unaware of how weak she
was. Hearing she would see Joe soon, Rosa finally relaxed a bit and asked someone nearby to help recline her seat. 
She no longer had the energy to sit up and simply wanted to lie down.
Noticing her paleness, Calvin asked with concern, "Ms. Reese, you don't look well. Would you like to return to the hospital to have the doctor check on you?"
Rosa immediately refused, her tone
sharp. "I'm fine. Just do your job and get moving. The traffic can get bad, so hurry up and drive. I don't want to waste any time getting married to Ned." 
Today, she would go to any lengths to get there. No one and nothing could stop her from marrying Joe. Seeing her determination, Calvin wisely chose not to say anything more.
His gaze lingered on Rosa's face for a few seconds. He didn't know how to assess her situation. She seemed almost deranged.
Rosa was gambling with her own
life. As the car moved slowly, she
closed her eyes. She had barely
et
slept the night before, and as soon
as the car left the hospital, she couldn't help but drift off intoa deep slumber. 
Eventually, she didn't know how long she had been asleep. When she groggily woke up, she found herself no longer in the car but in her own bed at home.
At first, she thought she hadn't fully woken up and was still in a dream. But the next moment, she suddenly opened her eyes wide and sat up.
###chapter1356
 
Rosa turned to look at the woman standing by the window. She recognized her as Wanda Allen, a manager from Hawking Technologies. "What are you doing here? Where's Ned? And why did you bring me home?" Rosa couldn't help but bombard her with questions. Wanda smiled gently. "Mr. Sowle sent me to take care of you, Ms. Reese. You fainted on the way here. A doctor just checked on you, and luckily, you're fine.
"However, you need to rest in bed for a couple of days. Mr. Sowle is still in a meeting dealing with some urgent matters at the company."
Upon hearing her words, Rosa's eyes widened in disbelief. "No, that's not right. Ned promised me we'd get married today. Nothing should delay such an important event, no matter what urgent matters there are."
"Marriage is indeed important, but your health is equally vital. Given your current condition, you shouldn't be getting out of bed. Mr. Sowle is busy today, and he can't be disturbed right now," Wanda explained softly.
"I need you to take me to see Ned. I have to go to the company," Rosa said, her anxiety rising as she tried to get out of bed.
Wanda frowned. "I'm sorry, Ms. Reese, but I can't take you. The company is facing unprecedented issues, likely due to the incident yesterday. Someone is trying to take advantage of the situation to acquire the company, and there are other serious problems to handle.
"Mr. Sowle has been busy since last night and hasn't stopped since. Moreover, with your condition, you can't afford any stress right now."
If it hadn't been for yesterday's sudden event, Hawking Technologies wouldn't be in such a crisis today.
People in the company had always thought Rosa was a bit overdramatic. Although the news was currently sympathetic toward her, those who frequently interacted with her felt she was going too far.
Even if there were issues, she shouldn't have resorted to extreme measures like threatening to jump off a building to force Ned to marry her. There were certainly better ways to address the situation, yet Rosa had chosen the most drastic route. Although the third party involved was detestable, some around her felt something was off about this whole situation.
They had never heard of or seen this person before. It was strange how they had suddenly appeared.
Rosa was taken aback. "There's an issue? What could possibly be wrong? Isn't the company gearing up for an IPO? If Ned and I get married today, it would be a perfect PR opportunity. All the news would serve as free advertising for the company."
This situation would only harm those who deserved it, like Skylar. Everyone else would benefit.
et
"It's best not to think too much, Ms. Reese. You need to focus on your recovery. Mr. Sowle will sort everything out in a couple of days, and het marry you as planned Please don't rush things," Wanda said, her patience wearing thin. 
Rosa wasn't listening at all. "We agreed to get married today, so we must get married today. So many people are waiting for us.
"If we don't go through with it, Ned and I will be a joke! Where's my phone? I need to call Ned. If you won't help me, I'll do it myself."
She finally spotted her phone on the
bedside table. Wanda sighed,
knowing a phone call wouldn't ne
change anything. Ned wouldn't
marry Rosa today. Content belongs fo 
Rosa dialed several times, but Joe wouldn't pick up. "What could he possibly be busy with? He promised me! He can't go back on his word." Panic gripped her heart.
Wanda couldn't watch this unfold any longer. "Every word I said is true. Mr. Sowle hasn't slept in a day and night."
Rosa didn't seem like someone suffering from depression.
Meanwhile, the crowd had been waiting for three or four hours, almost to the point of the staff finishing up their shifts.
Ned and Rosa had yet to appear, and murmurs filled the air.
Many people had already left. At this point, the absence of both meant there would likely be no marriage.
Skylar was equally surprised. In these few hours, more news had surfaced.
"I told you, there's no way he would marry Rosa, know my grandson best. He never yields to threats. No amount of crying or drama will change his mind. Once he makes a decision, no one can stop hing." Gloria chuckled, her eyes narrowing with satisfaction. 
###chapter1357
 
Skylar smiled and said, "Grandma, you're right."
Gloria couldn't hide her cheerful mood. "Let's go. The staff will be off work soon. The latest news is that Joe is busy at his company. Rosa has also been taken home.
"I suspect that Hawking Technologies will soon issue a statement explaining the postponement of the marriage. Let's go home and wait. Skye, you should get some rest too."
As soon as she finished speaking, Gloria felt a bit disappointed. She had planned to reveal Joe's identity to the public in front of the cameras and then openly request a paternity test.
That way, no one would dare to slander Skylar again.
However, bringing everything to light would mean making it all public. Perhaps it was better for Joe not to marry Rosa, as that would make things easier for Skylar and help her feel more at ease.
Skylar glanced around at the crowd before looking at her phone. The news was causing quite a stir. Janine and the others were already aware of her situation and had been asking about it.
In the group chat, she briefly explained everything and reassured them not to worry.
Then, she went home with Gloria. Just as they arrived, they saw Hawking Technologies had just issued a statement. It simply stated that due to Rosa's health issues, the marriage had been postponed.
The announcement was straightforward. It only mentioned a postponement without specifying a new date. This sparked another wave of speculation. Moreover, Hawking Technologies was facing its own challenges and difficulties, placing them right in the spotlight.
Gloria checked several news articles and spoke with a few friends before turning to Skylar. "I believe Joe has finally figured out who he is. However, he still has some issues to resolve."
Skylar shared the sentiment. The fact that Joe hadn't married Rosa today spoke volumes. But before meeting Joe, Skylar felt that all her thoughts and speculations had yet to lead to any conclusions. 
Three days later, Rosa opened the door to Joe's apartment and walked in. The apartment was dark and empty.
She had checked downstairs just a moment ago and saw that no one was home. Three hours earlier, she had gone to Hawking Technologies, but Joe was nowhere to be found.
The employees there were
swamped with work and paid her no
mind. After she pressed them for
answers she learned that the
net
company was facing issues and was at risk of being acquired. Joe had been so preoccupied with these problems that he hadn't found the time to marry her. 
Still, Rosa couldn't shake the feeling that Joe was using this as an excuse. He had coaxed her down from the hospital rooftop, only to start disregarding their promises.
In the past couple of days, the news about Skylar being the mistress in their relationship had quieted down. Many people were even trying to clear Skylar's name.
Then, the Cecil she had been in contact with suddenly seemed to have disappeared these past few days.
No matter how much she pressed,
there was no response. Joe was so busy that he didn't even have time to answer her questions. She felt utterly lost and uncertain about the situation. 
Rosa often visited this apartment but had never been able to stay over. Today, after being out for several hours, she was feeling tired.
Her body had not fully recovered from surgery, and the doctor had advised her to return to the hospital. Yet, she remained hopeful, waiting for Joe.
Just as she was feeling hungry and preparing to make some instant pasta, she heard a noise at the door.
###chapter1358
 
Rosa immediately looked towards the door. "Ned, is that you? Are you back?"
The person at the door turned to Rosa upon hearing her question. "Ms. Reese, I'm not Mr. Sowle. I'm here to pick up Mr. Sowle's clothes. He's been very busy these days and is about to leave on a business trip."
Rosa was taken aback. "A business trip?"
"Yes."
"Where is he going? We haven't resolved our issues yet. How can he just leave?" Rosa was solely focused on herself.
If Joe left, it would likely be days before she saw him again.
Calvin pondered how much things could change in just a few days. He was somewhat speechless. The company was in a critical period, yet Rosa still didn't seem to grasp the urgency of the situation.
However, Joe had said there was no need to keep this from her. If she asked, he should answer directly. "He's going to Jipsburg. The group there is trying to acquire our company."
"Jipsburg?" Upon hearing the name, Rosa felt a jolt of anxiety.
She had a serious psychological aversion to that place. Calvin nodded before quickly starting to gather Joe's clothes.
There was no need to pack too much. They could buy whatever they needed once they arrived.
"Has Ned mentioned when he'll be back? We can't postpone our marriage any further. Maybe if we get married now, all the company's problems will be resolved."
Rosa had little understanding of the company's operations and had not considered working there in the past three years.
All she wanted was to become a wealthy socialite. She would go for beauty treatments, meet for tea, or do some light exercise every day.
Calvin looked at Rosa with a complex expression. "Ms. Reese, I know I shouldn't say too much, but you might want to pay more attention to the news."
"What news?" Rosa was puzzled, unsure what he meant.
She pondered what news could possibly be important.
At this point, Calvin didn't want to say more.
Time was limited for him.
While Calvin organized some of Joe's clothes, Rosa began browsing the news. She entered keywords related to herself, Ned, or Hawking Technologies, and a flood of articles and rumors appeared.
The most eye-catching one questioned the legitimacy of her depression diagnosis. The psychologist who had diagnosed her was exposed for accepting money to issue fake certificates.
Her name was among the revealed
et
list of patients who had received false diagnoses. Several psychologists took this opportunity to come forward, raising various doubts about her depression and even suggesting that her suicide attempt wasn't genuine. 
Multiple drones had captured her expressions during that time, leading to a myriad of interpretations of her micro-expressions.
Some former friends even
anonymously criticized her, alleging that she was two-faced. They cited instances from the past, including her claims that she had spent her savings and borrowed money when Ned had his car accident to save him. 
While it was true that she borrowed money, Ned later repaid it in double. Her friends felt that after Ned's car accident, he was particularly considerate, but Rosa hadn'tused her own money to save him. 
Instead, she was living off the salary Ned provided her.
Rosa flung her phone across the room. Her eyes were red with anger.
"Ridiculous! I knew those so-called friends would turn on me. They're just jealous and trying to tarnish my reputation." Calvin happened to be walking by the door with some items when he heard her shout. He couldn't help but shake his head. Rosa was clearly panicking. In addition to the gossip from her former friends, her depression had become a hot topic in the media.
###chapter1359
 
Half an hour later, Rosa arrived at the airport first.
She had also bought a flight ticket to Jipsburg. Her flight was scheduled for a few hours later, so she wouldn't be on the same flight as Joe. Although she could have waited a few hours before arriving, she wanted to see him before he boarded.
Fortunately, luck was on her side. She spotted Joe at the airport. He looked rushed, his face devoid of expression, radiating an air that made him seem unapproachable as if she were just another stranger he didn't want to interact with.
"Ned."
She rushed over, her eyes swollen and red from crying. She felt deeply wronged, questioning why no one seemed to understand her.
When Joe saw Rosa, he appeared taken aback. "What are you doing here?"
"I haven't seen you in days, so I wanted to meet you. You promised to marry me, but now you keep postponing. I just want to know if you really don't want to marry me anymore," Rosa asked through her tears.
Seeing a woman cry truly tugged at one's heartstrings. After three years together, she couldn't believe Joe could be so heartless.
"I can't marry you," Joe replied, his voice low and firm.
Tears hovered on Rosa's lashes, and she stared at him in shock. "What do you mean by saying you can't marry me? Do you... Do you believe what those people online are saying? Everything they wrote is false.
"I've never lied to you. You are the love of my life. We've faced so many hardships together. How could I ever deceive you?"
She felt a wave of regret wash over her. She regretted reaching out to the reporters. Things wouldn't have escalated this far if she hadn't involved them, and it wouldn't be so difficult to fix now.
She felt like every step she took was a mistake, leading her deeper into trouble.
Joe furrowed his brow, remaining silent. But it was his silence that made Rosa feel anxious and afraid.
"Please don't believe those rumors. I'll go to Jipsburg with you. Whatever challenges we face, we can tackle them together, okay?" Rosa stepped forward, reaching for Joe's hand. Her demeanor was exceptionally humble. 
S
She could see that Joe had bought into the rumors. A fear she had never experienced before surged within her. Joe avoided her outstretched hand.
Calvin noticed Rosa's sudden shift in
attitude and was taken aback, but he
had his duties. He checked the time and quietly reminded Joe, "Mr.
Sowle, it's time for us to check in our luggage." 
Joe nodded, then turned to Rosa. "There's a lot to handle in Jipsburg. You don't need to come along. The money transferred to you should be in your bank account. Find a suitable time to release a 
Swatement.
"We'll end our relationship amicably. There is no third party in our relationship, and our parting won't involve anyone else."
With that, Joe strode into the airport, leaving Rosa standing there in shock. She felt as if she were frozen in place, the sounds around her fading into a dull roar.
His words echoed in her mind. They weren't harsh, and his tone hadn't been overly forceful.
Although he hadn't directly accused her of lying, his indifference left her feeling lost and desperate.
His last statement was clearly in defense of Skylar. He was protecting her and unwilling to let people label her as a third party in their relationship. "How can Skylar not be the third party? If it weren't for her, would you even consider breaking up with me? I'm not foolish. I can see everything.
"I know everything. I'm not willing to back down. Why should I be the one to step aside in this three-way situation?" Rosa bit her lip, her voice laced with frustration.
When she finally regained her senses, she realized Joe had already disappeared into the airport.
###chapter1360
 
When Rosa finally chased after Joe, the airport was bustling with people, and he was nowhere to be found. She couldn't bring herself to issue a statement.
Even if she did, it would be to announce her engagement, and she wanted everyone to celebrate her happiness.
Checking the time on her phone, she saw that her flight was still over four hours away. Initially, she had hesitated.
If she could find Joe, perhaps he would give her a promise that would ease her mind. Then, she could comfortably stay in Murida to recover, especially since she hadn't probably rested since her surgery.
She could feel that her health wasn't great, and the thought of being on such a long flight made her anxious.
But whenever she closed her eyes, she couldn't shake the image of the way Joe had looked at her just moments ago-his gaze was cold and distant. In that instant, she felt an overwhelming need to follow him.
If it came to it, she could find a hospital in Jipsburg to stay for a few days.
Skylar received a WhatsApp message from Joe. He said, "I'm heading back to Jipsburg today. Where is our home?"
The words "our home" made Skylar's eyes well up with tears.
Skylar wondered why he suddenly sent her this message to him and mentioned the words "our home".
Without hesitation, she sent a video call to him, but Joe didn't pick up. She wondered if he was already on a plane.
Determined, she decided to seek out Gloria. "Grandma, Joe is going back to Jipsburg, and he asked where our home is. This means he's acknowledging his identity."
Gloria was drinking water when she heard Skylar's words. Before she could swallow, she sputtered, spraying water everywhere. She quickly wiped her mouth and the front of her shirt, unable to hide her excitement. "Let me see! Hurry, let me see!"
"Here, Grandma." Skylar held out her phone.
Gloria's eyes filled with tears as she read the message. "Good, good! That's my grandson. He realized it so quickly and headed back to Jipsburg. "But wait―he must be planning to do something, aiming to catch some people in Jipsburg off guard. We need to go back. Hurry and book flight tickets for tomorrow. If there are flights available, we're going."
Skylar nodded firmly. "I'll book the flight ticket."
Just as she was about to do so, thought struck her. "Grandma, let's go to the hospital tomorrow first. We should check with the doctor if your health is suitable for such a long flight." 
Gloria waved her hand dismissively. "It's just a few hours on a plane. It won't be a problem. Going home to see my grandson is what matters most. "Besides, if he's back home, I won't be able to rest well here. Maybe going back will lift my spirits and help me feel better."
Skylar remembered Gloria's results from the hospital check-up a couple of days ago. Gloria's health was not very optimistic.
But what she said made sense. Staying in Murida to recuperate wouldn't do any good if her mood was low.
It was better to return to Jipsburg City. She should go back.
...
The next morning, Skylar received a message from Joe. He had landed safely.
He had just checked into his hotel. She immediately sent him the address of Galaxy Villa.een living here since we got married. You can stay at Galaxy Villa." 
After sending the message, Joe sent her a video call.
It had been a few days since they last saw each other, and he still looked handsome and aloof on the
video call. However, there were dark
circles under his eyes. 
He probably hadn't slept well these past few days and had endured a night flight. Thankfully, it was nighttime in Jipsburg.
They both fell silent for a moment.
Skylar had a lot she wanted to say, but seeing Joe left her at a loss for words. Finally, she smiled and asked, "Have you thought about the past yet?" "Not yet," Joe replied, gazing intently at Skylar on the screen.
At that moment, with no one around and free from the weight of his identity, his gaze turned somewhat reckless. She was his wife.
###chapter1361
 
Skylar felt a pang of disappointment when Joe said he still hadn't remembered anything. But it was understandable.
The doctor had already warned them that Joe's chances of regaining his memory were slim. The fact that he recognized his own identity now was already something to celebrate.
"We're flying back to Jipsburg the day after tomorrow," she said.
Joe simply responded, "Alright, I'll be here when you get back."
Skylar's eyes reddened slightly. Perhaps no one else could understand just how much weight those words carried for her.
An hour later, Joe arrived at Galaxy Villa. Edgar opened the door, his eyes moist with emotion as he saw Joe standing there.
"Mr. Martin, you're finally back! I've been coming here every so often these past years to keep this place tidy. I always hoped that one day, both you and Mrs. Martin would return."
Many had told him he was being unrealistic. Yet over the years, he and Skylar had shared the same hope that Joe might one day return. And now, here he was.
Soon, Gloria and Skylar would be back too.
"I'll take it from here," Joe said to Edgar.
Gloria had told Edgar that Joe still hadn't regained his past memories, so he wasn't familiar with Edgar and might prefer not to be disturbed by any unnecessary chatter.
Edgar smiled and nodded. "Feel free to look around, Mr. Martin. If you need anything, just give me a call." "Thank you."
After Edgar left, Joe began exploring Galaxy Villa. He didn't usually have high expectations for where he lived. As long as it was quiet, cleamand orderly, that was enough. 
Over the past few years, none of the places he had stayed ever felt like home. But here, in Galaxy Villa, he felt something different-a sense of belonging.
Without realizing it, Joe had wandered upstairs to the bedroom. There, on a side table, he noticed a framed photo-a wedding picture of him and Skylar taken abroad.
Even though it was just a photo, something in his expression hinted at the affection he had once felt for her. His gaze lingered, unable to look away.
Meanwhile, at the hospital in Jipsburg, before Rosa had even disembarked from the plane, she had fainted.
Airport staff quickly transported her
to the hospital, where she remained
l
unconscious for a full 12 hours. When she finally woke up and realized she was in a hospital, she asked for the time, only to discover an entire day had passed. 
Fearful that Joe might contact her and that she wouldn't respond in time, Rosa quickly searched for her phone. Fortunately, the airport staff had delivered her bag and suitcase to the hospital. 
With the nurse's help, she managed to retrieve her phone.
As she expected, her phone was full of missed messages and calls. Many people had tried to reach her. But none of them were from Joe.
So, his words at the airport... he really did mean to break up with her. He was too heartless.
He didn't seem to care about her current condition at all. Here she was, all alone in the hospital, feeling incredibly weak.
Anger and resentment surged through her, and she glanced over other messages. Cecil, who hadn't replied to her in days, had finally responded.
###chapter1362
 
When Rosa anxiously opened the message and read Cecil's words, she was utterly shocked, unable to believe it.
"Do you realize you caused me to lose my job? Why didn't you tell me that Skylar isn't just an ordinary person? She doesn't even need to be anyone's mistress. You've ruined me! I will never get another chance to work as a reporter again.
"And your relationship with Mr. Sowle isn't as deep as you've described. You've always been so pretentious. All your friends have a terrible impression of you. They say you're extremely selfish. If I were in Mr. Sowle's shoes, I'd break up with you too."
Cecil's tone was exceptionally harsh, possibly fueled by the loss of his job. He seemed on the verge of unleashing a furious tirade against Rosa. Rosa felt completely dazed.
Skylar was no ordinary person. Skylar had been living with Joe's grandmother after his accident, making it clear she shared a significant connection with him.
The media simply didn't understand the depth of their relationship, and it appeared that Skylar knew many influential people, all of whom seemed to respect her greatly.
Out of jealousy toward Skylar, Rosa hadn't considered the bigger picture. Her single-minded obsession had been to keep Skylar away from Joe. Now, with the news turning against her, she wondered if Joe's return to Jipsburg might signal his readiness to reclaim his former identity and place.
A sudden wave of dread washed over her like a bucket of ice water.
"No, that can't be. We've been together for three years; he wouldn't just heartlessly abandon me. He's just angry because I fabricated the depression and pretended to jump off the building. He must be mad about that."
It had to be that simple.
All she needed to do was sincerely apologize, and their future together would still be possible.
With that thought, she quickly asked the doctor about her condition. She had been struggling to rest well after the surgery and needed to stay in the hospital for further observation.
She would likely be discharged tomorrow. As long as she took good care of herself after being discharged, she wouldn't have any major issues. She knew her health had always been good. She was just a bit weak right now, and everything would be fine.
At the hotel lobby, Calvin hurried downstairs, preparing to leave when someone suddenly blocked his path.
When he saw who was in front of him, he was taken aback. "Ms. Reese?"
"Where's Ned? Didn't he come down with you?" Rosa asked, looking intently behind Calvin.
"Ms. Reese, what are you doing in Jispburg? Mr. Sowle already made things elear at the airport a couple of days ago. It would be best for you to know when to stop pushing, Calvin replied, clearly exasperated. 
Anyone should understand that Joe had given Rosa ample
consideration. With a breakup fee, worth tens of millions of dollars, Calvin wondered what more she
could want. She didn't seem to fear
ending up with nothing. 
For now, at least, it was just a breakup.
Seeing Calvin's dismissive attitude, Rosa's expression darkened. "Do you even know what you're saying?"
Calvin sighed in resignation. "Ms.
Reese, some things don't need to be spelled out. You know very well what you've done lately. There's no need to wait for Mr. Sowle here. He isn't staying at the hotel." 
"Not staying at the hotel? Where else would he stay in Jipsburg?" Rosa pressed urgently.
She could no longer care about Calvin's attitude.
He shook his head. "He didn't tell me where he's staying."
With that, Calvin refused to engage further. He had someone to meet and couldn't afford to waste time.
Rosa barely had a chance to stop him before he hurried out of the hotel. She could only watch as he got into a car and drove away, leaving her feeling utterly lost on the streets of Jipsburg.
Hearing a stranger's gentle inquiry, she turned back with red-rimmed eyes. It was a handsome man.
"Miss, are you okay?"
Rosa turned to the soft voice and saw a handsome man looking at her with concern.
"Are you feeling unwell? I can take you to the hospital," Stephen said with a gentle smile. "Sure," she replied.
###chapter1363
 
Half an hour later, Stephen stood outside the hospital, trying to reach Simona on the phone. He had missed her call earlier, and now he needed to explain.
"I ran into an elderly woman on my way. She was feeling a bit unwell, so I took her to the hospital and didn't have time to answer your call. Are you upset? I'll come back and make it up to you." Stephen joked, trying to lighten the mood while hailing a cab on the side of the road.
Simona's expression softened at his words. She had been a little mad, but now she felt her irritation melt away. "Oh, I see. I was a bit upset earlier, but now I forgive you. You did a good deed, so as your girlfriend, I also get to bask in your glory."
"Who doesn't know that you're my girl at school? I'll work hard to make you proud," Stephen teased, effortlessly winning her over with his charm.
He completely understood Simona's sweet, innocent mindset. "I believe that day will come," Simona replied, her heart fluttering with happiness at his words.
After hanging up, Stephen's smile vanished almost instantly. He glanced at a new contact he had just added on WhatsApp and couldn't help but smile again.
He couldn't deny it. Rosa, whom he had encountered earlier, seemed easier to manipulate.
The designer clothes and the expensive bag she carried were worth several hundred thousand dollars combined.
She looked vulnerable and in need of help, making it the perfect opportunity to achieve his goals.
Stephen had a good habit of never limiting himself to a single option. He preferred to prepare multiple paths for himself. When it came time to make a choice, he would always select the best one.
He would never allow himself to have only one option to choose from. It wasn't that Simona wasn't good enough. It was just that she had a brother who could easily become an obstacle.
With those thoughts in mind, he sent Rosa a message. "Take care and rest well. Listen to your doctors, and if you need any help, feel free to reach out."
Skylar pushed her suitcase into Galaxy Villa. The atmosphere was dim inside, so Skylar flipped the lights on.
Edgar had informed her that Joe had been staying there for the past couple of days, coming and going at all hours while staying busy with various matters.
In Jipsburg, most people were unaware that Joe had returned. Consequently, there weren't any news stories targeting him.
He hadn't come back yet at this hour.
Skylar had initially planned to invite Gloria to stay with her at the Galaxy Villa, but, Gloria insisted on returning to Pearlhall Residence. She playfully remarked that she didn't want to be a third wheel. 
Sometimes, Gloria's personality resembled that of a child. Skylar couldn't help but chuckle.
As she unpacked her suitcase and prepared to cook some pasta, she heard some noises.
She immediately poked her head out from the kitchen to see what was happening at the door. Just then, her gaze locked with Joe's.
Skylar froze. Joe had clearly
anticipated that Skylar would be there. "You You're back? I'm
cooking some pasta. Have you
l
eaten dinner yet? Would you liken to make you a plate too?" Skylar asked hesitantly. 
After speaking, she felt a wave of nostalgia wash over her. She remembered how they had been just like this when they got their
e
marriage certificate a few years ago. 
Joe looked at her intently and replied, "Sure."
UMS
Within ten minutes, Skylar had the pasta ready.
It was a simple dish-Pasta Primavera.
Edgar had prepared the pasta and stored it in the fridge, so all she needed to do was boil it and add some sauteed vegetables.
She quickly whipped up a basic tomato sauce and a refreshing side salad, which perfectly complemented the pasta.
Joe had not been eating regularly since arriving in Jipsburg. He often grabbed quick bites at various restaurants.
###chapter1364
 
However, as Joe looked at the simple pasta and salad in front of him, his appetite surged. A voice inside him whispered, "Skylar's cooking is the best."
Even without his memories, some subconscious habits surfaced unexpectedly. He enjoyed the atmosphere with them now. Just sitting together brought him an indescribable sense of happiness and comfort.
"Are you still okay with this food?" Skylar asked.
Given that they hadn't lived together for over three years, his eating habits must have changed. "Yes, it's delicious," Joe replied, unable to stop after his first bite.
After finishing the entire plate of pasta, he still felt a bit unsatisfied. "Is there more?"
Skylar hadn't anticipated Joe would eat so much. "I'll cook you another plate," she said.
"You used to make me pasta quite often?" Joe inquired.
Skylar reflected for a moment. "I really enjoyed making pasta. You used to like it a lot."
"Used to like it?" Joe raised an eyebrow subtly, considering that if he once liked it, he must love it now.
"I'm full. You don't need to make more," he said, noticing the weariness in Skylar's eyes.
She must be tired after just getting off a flight. He stood up and began to gather the dishes from the table, taking them to the kitchen to wash them as if it were second nature.
It felt almost instinctive, as if this task was ingrained in him. Skylar watched from the kitchen door, her gaze fixed on Joe.
It was as if time had rewound to over three years ago. Once Joe finished washing the dishes, he noticed Skylar still standing in the doorway, and an impulse surged within him to embrace her. The next moment, he wrapped his arms around her.
He leaned in for a passionate yet urgent kiss as if trying to affirm something through that moment.
He lost track of time until the doorbell rang, breaking the moment. As he released Skylar, he felt a tinge of reluctance.
Skylar's mind felt momentarily blank.
The persistent ringing of the
doorbell jolted her back to reality. Flushing slightly, she looked at Joe and wondered why he had taken to kissing her so readily since losing his memories. 
But that thought was quickly replaced by another. They hadn't lived in the Galaxy Villa for years, and she had only just returned. She couldn't help but wonder who might be at the door. 
She glanced at Joe. Before she came back, she had mentioned to Janine and Steven that she was returning. It could be them.
She suddenly remembered that she hadn't informed them Joe was living in the Galaxy Villa. They were probably worried about her and had come over to check on her.
Before she could think any further, the doorbell rang again. She moved quickly to the door and checked the surveillance screen.
Her eyebrows raised at the sight of a woman appearing on the screen. She turned to Joe. "It's Rosa."
Skylar hadn't expected Rosa to
come to Jipsburg, let alone track down Joe at the villa. If Rosa knew how to get to the Galaxy Villa, then she must also be aware that Joe had acknowledged his identity. 
swn?
Joe, who had been absentmindedly touching his lips, felt a chill in his deep-set eyes as he heard Skylar's words. "I'll go see her."
Without waiting for a reply, he walked straight out the door.
Outside, Rosa spotted Joe and immediately called out, "Ned—"
But then she caught sight of Skylar standing behind him. Her expression shifted drastically.
###chapter1365
 
Rosa was shocked to see that Skylar had returned to Jipsburg too. The realization that Joe and Skylar were living together was jarring.
No wonder Joe had been so cold and indifferent toward her.
It seemed they had made a plan to come back to Jipsburg together and stay in the villa. Luckily, Rosa had someone check and find out where Joe had lived in Jipsburg before the car accident.
She had come with high hopes, but now she was faced with this scene.
"Did you sleep together? Did you just get out of bed? Ned, how could you betray me like this?" Rosa couldn't hold back her jealousy any longer, her words dripping with anger as she confronted Joe.
The jealousy in her gaze was directed at Skylar, and she felt a burning desire to eliminate her. Skylar frowned. Since Rosa had found her way here, it meant she understood that Joe was aware of his identity.
"Did you forget what I told you at the airport?" Joe replied coldly, his voice laced with an icy intensity that sent shivers down Rosa's spine, abruptly waking her from her rage.
In truth, she had forgotten some things. Her fierce questioning instantly shifted to a nervous tone. "Ned, only in the last few days did I realize I've been deceiving myself for three years, thinking you had changed after the car accident.
"We've leaned on each other during this time, and I love you even more now. You are still my Ned, and you promised to take care of me for life. Don't you remember?"
Her words were an admission of the truth.
"If I were Ned, I would keep my promise. But who I am now, you know better than anyone," Joe retorted coldly.
With that statement, he laid bare the lies Rosa had been telling herself.
Rosa's face paled further as her nervousness became palpable. "I... I..."
She had known since she was called to the hospital after the car accident that Joe was not Ned. The watch on his wrist and the clothes he wore were high-end brands she recognized from magazines.
They were vastly different people.
From the moment Rosa heard the doctor say that Joe had lost his memory and might never regain it, she had made her plans in secret.
She had despised the useless Ned and had considered breaking up with him countless times. However, with no other options available, she forced herself to stay with him.
When she saw Joe, who clearly came from a distinguished background, she decided to take a gamble. Over the past three years, she felt her gamble had paid off.
Every single day, she felt grateful for making the right choice back then. As for the real Ned, she never cared where he had gone or whether he was alive or dead.
However, she never expected to encounter Skylar, leading to events spiraling out of her control.
Skylar observed the rapid changes in Rosa's expression. From the way Rosa looked, it was clear she was aware of the truth. Skylar felt no sympathy for her.
It was undeniable that if it hadn't been for Rosa's care over three years ago, Joe wouldn't have recovered so quickly. In a moment of panic, Rosa suddenly met Skylar's gaze.
Her eyes went red as she pointed accusingly at Skylar. "This is all your fault! You stole my fiancé from me. If it weren't for you, Ned and I would already be married.
"Do you have any idea how long I've waited for that day? Why is it that after I worked so hard for three years, ended up losing everything, only to have you take Ned away from me?" 
"You're mistaken. If you hadn't hidden the truth for three years, he would have returned home long ago and remained the CEO of Martin Group He wouldn't have had to start
over from scratch after the start
UMS
years. 
dong
"Rosa, what you've stolen will never truly be yours. If I'm right, he has compensated you in some way. One should never be too greedy, Ms. Reese Do take care of yourself" Skylar replied coldly, fixing her gaze on Rosa. 
After saying this, she stepped back and entered the villa.
She decided to leave the space for Joe and Rosa, allowing them to handle the remaining matters.
Upon hearing Skylar's words, Rosa's face darkened completely.
###chapter1366
 
However, Rosa felt even more helpless.
"I... I... It's not like that. When we were in Jispburg recently, I realized you might be Joe. That's why I panicked and wanted to leave Jipsburg.
"The reason I was so anxious is that I've fallen in love with you over these three years. I love you, not Ned. Every moment we spent together during these three years is etched in my mind."
"The money will be in your account in a few days. Don't come back to this place again. Leave Jipsburg as soon as possible," Joe said expressionlessly before heading back to the villa.
Rosa stood there as if struck by lightning.
After a long while, she snapped back to reality when the security guard came to urge her to leave.
Frustrated, she looked at the brightly lit villa.
"Miss, the owner has made it clear that you are not their guest. Please leave at once," the security guard said, his tone becoming increasingly impatient.
Rosa could only walk away with heavy steps.
In the cab back to the hospital, the driver noticed Rosa's dazed expression and kindly reminded her, "If you're feeling wronged or in trouble, you can always call the police."
At this, Rosa sneered. "Report it? Can the police give me my boyfriend back?"
Upon hearing this, the driver realized it was a matter of the heart and chose not to pry further.
Rosa stared out the window, filled with resentment. She wouldn't go back to Murida.
Now, with all sorts of negative rumors swirling about her there, returning would mean facing ridicule every day. She decided to stay here. She refused to believe Joe didn't have any feelings for her.
...
After work, Janine first went to the college to visit Harvey.
Seeing that he was taking good care of himself and hadn't lost weight, she felt relieved and returned home.
Once home, she remembered to ask
about Skylar and Joe's situation. Just as she was about to send a message on WhatsApp, she noticed Skylar had already sent a message in the group chat. 
"I'm doing well with Joe. Don't worry. I'll find time to come home in the next few days. Love you all!"
She even attached a photo.
It was a simple plate of pasta with some side dishes. The meal looked incredibly appetizing.
Janine felt a sense of relief. After all the struggles Skylar had endured, Joe was finally back, and that brought her joy for her daughter.
With some pasta at home, she decided to cook a plate herself as well.
After finishing her meal, she was about to take a shower when she received a phone call from the police.
"Maisy has suffered an infection in her wound. Unfortunately, she passed away during emergency treatment. Would you like to come to the hospital to see her?"
Janine hung up the phone and stared blankly for a few minutes before deciding to go to the hospital.
Although she and Maisy didn't share
a close mother-daughter
relationship; Maisy was still the daughter she had carried for ten months. Since she had broughther into this world, it was only right for her to see her off now. 
At the hospital's morgue, Janine looked at the lifeless Maisy and sighed.
She had already called the funeral home on the way there.
Steven must have gotten wind of the news because he called her while on the way to the funeral home. Steven said, "Mom, there's no need to tell Skylar about what happened with Maisy." 
###chapter1367
 
Janine said, "Yes, I know. This is something that only we need to know."
She meant that it was best to keep it between them. There was no need for Skylar and Charles to find out. Maisy was someone whose very mention left a bad taste.
Even in death, her actions had left a dark and unforgotten impression. Maisy had harmed so many people, leaving countless families to pay the price for her cruelty. Whenever Steven thought that Maisy was his biological sister, he couldn't help but frown.
Janine nodded. "Yes, I know. Don't worry."
Still worried about Janine's feelings, Steven added, "Mom, Maisy brought this on herself. Don't let her trouble you."
Janine's eyes glistened slightly. "I know, but I can't help feeling a little sad."
"For her, maybe this is a relief," Steven said.
"Yes, maybe so."
Steven could tell that Janine's spirits weren't great. He had meant to discuss something else but decided against it.
First, he would investigate further and be certain before telling Janine and others anything. If he told them all now, it could raise their hopes, and if it turned out unfounded, it would only lead to disappointment.
Since Joe had managed to come back, Steven felt a glimmer of hope.
He wondered if that person might really be their father.
Later that evening, after showering, Skylar found herself in a bit of a dilemma. She had almost forgotten about the arrangements at Galaxy Villa, including whether she would be staying in the same bedroom as Joe or if they should sleep separately.
She had not quite made up her mind.
Fresh from the shower and still warm with steam, Joe walked straight over to her. Before she could react, he had lifted her onto the bed.
When she realized what was happening, she was left exhausted, with barely any strength left to speak.
In a haze of exhaustion, she vaguely felt Joe carrying her to the bathroom. Once they were both cleaned up, he carried her back to bed, where they curled up together in silence and soon fell asleep.
The next morning, as she woke up with sore muscles, she finally remembered the events of the night before.
When Skylar opened her eyes, she found herself meeting Joe's steady gaze. Almost reflexively, she blurted out what was on her mind, "Have you remembered everything?"
If he hadn't, she wondered how he
l
could feel so at ease around her. Joe usually shut out anyone he couldn't trust, reducing even a glance Yet, from the moment ke knew who she was, he had 
sweady...
For the first time in years, Joe had slept well the previous night. But with the woman who had ignited a spark inside him right there in his arms and hearing her slightly hoarse voice from the night before asking him-questions, his desire flared up once again. 
"Yeah, I remember what I did to you in bed," he said.
As soon as his words fell, they were engulfed in another wave of fervent entanglement. In that dizzying moment, feeling as if she were. floating on clouds, Skylar thought to herself, "There's no way I'll make it to Pearlhall Residence today..." 
When she finally woke, it was already 2:00 pm. Joe had left for work.
Heading downstairs, Skylar found Gloria sitting in the living room.
"Grandma?"
Gloria looked over with a warm smile. "Joe left over an hour ago. He said you were tired and needed extra rest. You haven't had lunch yet, have you? I brought it over for you. Come have some."
"Oh, okay." Skylar's cheeks burned as soon as she heard "tired". She had a strong suspicion that Joe remembered everything.
Otherwise, he wouldn't have said such things to Gloria.
Noticing Skylar's blush, Gloria only looked more pleased.
###chapter1368
 
Skylar and Joe had gone through so much but had finally reunited and could now see the bright side of life together. Perhaps she could look forward to welcoming a grandchild soon.
"Edgar made today's lunch. It's been a while since you had his cooking, right? Hurry and try it. He's been perfecting his culinary skills for his daughter-in-law and grandchild these past few years, and his cooking has improved," Gloria said.
Skylar nodded as she sat down. "Let me give it a taste."
After taking a bite, her eyes lit up. "Edgar's cooking really has gotten better!"
"Then eat up. You've had it rough over the past few years in Murida with me. Although Veronica's cooking is good, it can't compare to the flavors back home in Jipsburg," Gloria said with a smile.
Suddenly, her gaze landed on the marks on Skylar's neck. She inwardly scolded Joe for being so reckless. No wonder Skylar had woken up so late.
She had to find a moment to remind Joe to be more considerate.
Skylar replied, "I haven't had a rough time at all with you in Murida, Grandma. I've enjoyed our time together, and I've learned a lot of things that I couldn't have in Jipsburg."
Gloria genuinely regarded Skylar as her own granddaughter, showing her with affection and care, fully aware of Skylar's genuine feelings. Suddenly realizing her time was running out, she looked at Skylar and said, "Now that we're all back, can I expect to hold a great-grandchild soon?" At those words, Skylar suddenly remembered that they hadn't taken precautions the night before. After all, they didn't have any contraceptives at home.
Noticing how Skylar couldn't even lift her head in embarrassment, Gloria chuckled and said, "I'll go watch some TV now. I heard there's a really good show on."
While Gloria settled in to watch her show, Skylar found herself a little distracted. Given the current situation between her and Joe, she wondered if it was really the right time to consider having children.
That thought popped into her mind but was quickly dismissed. Having a child together would be a wonderful thing. It was something they had planned three years ago.
...
In the hospital ward, Rosa felt utterly drained after undergoing a series of tests. She had no friends in Jipsburg.
Joe had completely cut her off, and Calvin, who usually stayed in touch with her, was unlikely to offer any support now.
So, she reached out to Stephen, the one who had brought her to the hospital.
Stephen, a handsome and cheerful
.ne
college student, had a way of making her feel nostalgic about her college days. He had brought her some fruit. 
"Is there anything else you want? I can go get it," he offered.
Rosa shook her head, her voice weak. "How much did the fruit cost? And I know the cab fare wasn't cheap either. Let me pay you back." "It's nothing. It didn't cost much," he quickly replied.
Noticing Stephen's well-worn jeans, Rosa realized he was a struggling student, so she transferred him ten thousand dollars through PayPal. 
UMS
Money was the one thing she had plenty of. Joe had given her some tens of millions of dollars as a breakup settlement.
When Stephen heard the notification
of the money transfer on his phoně,
he raised an eyebrow. "Isn't
boyfriend coming to see you?
. Content belongs
Rosa's eyes reddened. "He only has eyes for someone else now. I can't believe I came from Murida, and I ended up looking like a fool."
"You're too good for him. He'll regret it soon," Stephen said reassuringly.
"Do you really think so?" she asked.
"Of course!"
###chapter1369
 
Three days later, Paul saw Joe again after more than three years. His eyes were bloodshot, and the scars on his face had faded considerably after treatment at the hospital, while others that couldn't be diminished were being arranged for cosmetic surgery.
Realizing his scars might look frightening, he quickly turned his back and said, "Mr. Martin, I'm so happy to see you."
"Is it true that Ned, who was captured with you back then, is dead?" Joe asked.
Paul nodded and said, "Yes, he died. He was caught when we tried to escape and was beaten to death. He did resemble you, but his personality was a bit weaker, so it was only at first glance that someone might mistake him for you."
Joe's gaze darkened. Noticing Paul avoiding his eyes, he added, "You can turn around. You won't scare me."
Hearing his words, Paul felt a bit anxious but still turned around.
"Do you think you can recover enough to work with me in a month?" Joe asked.
Paul's eyes widened slowly. "Mr. Martin? Have you regained your memory? I thought they said you had amnesia?"
Joe chuckled lightly. "Does amnesia interfere with work?"
"Uh, no, it doesn't." Paul felt a surge of energy coursing through him. His mental state had indeed improved during this time.
A couple of days ago, Skylar said Joe was back, and Paul was anxious about how to face him. But now, it felt like all those pretentious emotions had vanished.
He had researched the current state of the Martin Group. Over the past three years, the current CEO had almost completely transformed the organization. Therefore, returning to the Martin Group wouldn't be easy.
It was going to be a tough battle, but the harder the fight, the more necessary the challenge became.
A month later, Jipsburg was stirred up again. Joe, who had been rumored to have died in an accident three years ago in Murida, had returned. Today, he held a press conference.
Joe's commanding presence was as
striking as ever. He provided a
reasonable explanation for his
et
three-year absence, stating that he had suffered from amnesia due to a car accident and had been mistaken for Ned. 
S
Now that he had regained his memory, he was back in Jipsburg. Ned's recent reappearance had sparked considerable discussion.
At that time, some dreamers were
posting online, crafting a story that resembled a novel plot. They imagined a scenario where Joe lost his memory, became Ned, and
managed to stand at the pinnel.ne
of
success once again. No matter who he became, they believed he had the talent and strength to rise back to the top. 
Currently, the most anxious individuals were those in control of the Martin Group over the past few years.
Meanwhile, the Martin family branch led by Ernest, which had been quiet for over three years, began to stir with plans following Joe's return.
Many were speculating whether Joe would reclaim his position at the Martin Group. Of course, no matter how capable Joe was, the Martin Group had changed significantly since three years ago.
As people wondered about Joe's
next steps and the impending upheaval within the Martin Group, others took a different approach. They sought out Joe's fiancée,,
ovel
Lizzj?. Numerous paparazzi
converged on her right after she had
finished participating in a talent
show. 
Lizzie was aware that Joe was alive and had met with Skylar a few days ago. She thought Joe's experiences were incredibly tortuous and inspiring, sparking her creativity.
However, she never expected some reporters to be so keen on tracking her down.
It suddenly dawned on her that she was Joe's fiancée over three years ago.
Faced with a crowd of reporters, she felt utterly flustered. She hadn't even spoken to Joe or Skylar yet; she didn't know how to respond.
###chapter1370
 
If Lizzie said the wrong thing, the consequences would be unimaginable. So, when faced with the reporters' inquiries, she simply replied that she had no comment or suggested they ask Joe instead.
After that, she quickly left the scene in the car. Inside, she didn't dare to relax at all. She immediately opened WhatsApp and messaged Skylar.
"The reporters are asking me about the situation, and I just remembered I still hold the title of Joe's fiancée. When do you intend to officially announce that you are Joe's wife?"
Skylar replied quickly, responding just a few minutes later.
"You don't need to respond to this. Joe will handle it. You might as well take the opportunity to generate some buzz."
Lizzie felt a twitch at the corner of her mouth at the mention of "buzz". "If I wanted to generate buzz, I'd do better with Charles. Fine, I'll keep everything confidential from the reporters for now.
"Let's meet up in a few days when the hype dies down. We should invite Paul too. I've noticed he seems to be thriving lately."
"Sounds good."
After discussing things with Skylar, Lizzie felt more at ease. Although she wasn't an actress, being in her line of work meant she had to know how to handle media interactions. She decided to maintain an air of ignorance when faced with questions.
Just as she prepared to close her eyes and rest, the driver suddenly slammed on the brakes. She nearly slammed into the seat in front of her.
Lizzie's agent, Juliet Boyd, bumped her head and asked, rubbing the spot, "What's going on?" "Someone is blocking the car. I was worried I'd hit her," the driver replied, sounding a bit flustered. Lizzie frowned. "We're not in a cab. Who would stop a private car for no reason?"
"Could it be a reporter? These days, reporters are taking reckless risks for a story," Juliet remarked.
She got out of the car and exchanged a few words with the woman blocking the way.
From inside the car, Lizzie peeked at the woman. She was quite attractive and didn't appear to be carrying any cameras.
She wondered if she was planning to secretly take a photo with her phone.
Just as she was puzzled, Juliet
returned to the car. "Lizzie, she's looking for you. She's not a reporter. She claims to know Joe and has some information about him"
Lizzie was momentarily taken aback as she looked out at the woman standing by the car. She felt a strange sense of familiarity. Suddenly, a realization hit her.
This was Rosa, Joe's fiancée, during the period when he lost his memories and took on the identity of Ned. Lizzie had spoken about Rosa with Skylar before.
She should have returned to Murida, and Lizzie couldn't help but wonder why she was back.
Regarding this person, Lizzie's
thoughts were clear. Although Ned
and Joe looked alike, their
l
personalities were different. As Ned's girlfriend, Rosa must have known about the situation, but she kept it a secret for three years. 
Now that the truth was out, if Rosa had any self-awareness, she should stay away and not disturb Joe's life. But her sudden appearance in Jipsburg and her decision to seek Lizzie out raised questions. 
"Should we let her in the car?" Juliet asked.
If Lizzie had gotten out now, it would have attracted attention, so it would have been better to invite her in to discuss whatever she needed. Snapping back to reality, Lizzie nodded. "Let her in. You two wait for me outside for a few minutes."
"Got it."
Juliet and the driver immediately exited the vehicle. Rosa then climbed into the car.
Once inside, Rosa scrutinized Lizzie, her eyes reflecting a hint of sympathy. "I'm Rosa Reese. I'm not sure if you recognize me."
###chapter1371
 
Lizzie raised an eyebrow. "I saw your news before. What do you want to talk about?"
Rosa examined Lizzie from head to toe. It was undeniable that Lizzie had the poise of a violin artist. There was an air of aloofness about her that other women could only envy, a quality that words couldn't describe.
One glance from her seemed to create an unbridgeable distance between them, making Rosa feel almost common in comparison.
"Since you know who I am, you must also understand my relationship with Joe over the past three years. I know you're his fiancée, right?" Rosa shifted her gaze from Lizzie, though she couldn't help but compare the two of them in her mind.
Yet, despite everything, she still felt a sense of pity for Lizzie. They were both discarded by Joe. However, Lizzie seemed more unfortunate as she had not only been rejected but also deceived.
Joe had secretly been involved with Skylar all this time, and it appeared that Lizzie was still unaware of it.
Lizzie narrowed her eyes. "Just say what you need to say. I don't have much time."
Rosa noticed Lizzie's aloof demeanor and couldn't help but smile slightly. She appeared too impatient with Joe's affairs.
It was no wonder Joe sought solace with other women. It seemed like Skylar knew how to be more flexible and charming.
"Are you aware that Joe has been keeping another woman on the side? He even brought her home," Rosa stated.
She spoke while watching Lizzie's reaction closely.
As expected from someone who often faced the media, Lizzie's expression remained unchanged at Rosa's revelation. Perhaps people from affluent families had grown accustomed to men keeping mistresses behind their parents' backs.
Or maybe Lizzie was just skilled at hiding her true feelings.
Rosa suspected that Lizzie was pretending not to care, but she believed that deep down, Lizzie was shocked. After all, there had been no media exposure of Joe's involvement with Skylar over the years.
Upon hearing Rosa's words, Lizzie couldn't help but smirk internally. So this was the reason Rosa had come to seek attention from her.
"Fine, I get it. If there's nothing else, you can get out of the car," Lizzie said, showing no emotion as she dismissed Rosa.
It was clear that Rosa was not as impressive as she thought.
No wonder she hadn't revealed Joe's true identity to him in the past three years. Her motives were questionable.
It seemed she had come to complain about Skylar, hoping to stir trouble between her and Skylar, while she sat back to reap the benefits. She certainly had her schemes worked out.
Rosa's eyes widened in disbelief as
she stared at Lizzie. "Aren't you angry? They've been deceiving you Joe's been with me for three years while he had amnesia. We're about to get married. You don't care at all?" 
"This is my business. If you have any complaints or demands, go talk to Joe. Whether I care or not is none of your concern. Get out of the car." Lizzie's patience had worn thin, and she urged Rosa to leave. 
"Are you sure you don't want to know who that woman is?" Rosa stammered.
She was genuinely taken aback by Lizzie's reaction, feeling confused and somewhat lost. She couldn't comprehend how Lizzie could be so unfazed by the news she had just shared.
Rosa couldn't accept seeing Skylar approaching Joe.
Deep down, Rosa wished for Skylar to disappear. No woman would willingly share her man with anyone else. Lizzie rolled her eyes.
"If I were you, I'd leave Jipsburg right now. Staying here won't do you any good. The more you cling on, the less you'll get.
et
"Why act like you're in a circus trying to get everyone's attention? Do you think everyone else is a fool who can't see through your schemes? You're way too na?ve to play those tricks with me. Now get lost 
swnow
Lizzie had a bad temper. She despised fake, pretentious women who spouted eye-rolling nonsense in front of her.
If she hadn't had some decorum, she would have slapped Rosa by now.
###chapter1372
 
Rosa's expression shifted from anger to disbelief at Lizzie's words. Her lips twitched in frustration.
Seeing this, Lizzie merely sneered, her expression as cold as ever. "Get lost!"
"You! How could you..." Rosa felt her cheeks flush with rage. She hadn't expected to encounter such hostility when she came here. She was at a loss for words, consumed by a rage that was difficult to articulate. It was utterly insulting that Lizzie was treating her this way. "Aren't you worried that Joe will regret letting go of the three years we spent together? We've been through so much, he won't just forget."
Rosa snapped as she prepared to exit the vehicle, hoping to provoke Lizzie one last time. She couldn't believe Lizzie could remain so indifferent after everything that had just been said.
Three years were bound to mean more than the short time Lizzie had spent with Joe.
"Of course, you might not care. I understand now that your relationship with him is just a business arrangement. You don't mind if he has someone else on the side, nor do you care about his time with me.
"I thought you would be just as concerned as I am," Rosa smirked, acting as if she had uncovered a deep truth.
Lizzie was left speechless. "Just get out."
With Lizzie's dismissal, Rosa had no choice but to exit the car. She couldn't believe that her visit had yielded nothing.
She had waited here specifically to see Lizzie. While she could have gone to the television station, too many reporters would cause too much chaos.
As Lizzie's car sped away, the rush of wind whipped her skirt around, sending dust into her face. She couldn't help but sneeze twice.
"With that kind of temper, she must
be relying on her privileged background. Otherwise, how could she possibly be engaged to Joe?
bet she's seething with jealousy right now probably boiling over with
rage." 
After venting her frustration, Rosa felt a sense of relief wash over her. She pulled out her phone and stared at the new articles.
Joe had fully revealed his identity, returning to the public persona he had three years ago. The videos and photos made him seem even more untouchable.
One reporter asked how he would
handle having two fiancées. He didn't mention Rosa at all. Instead, he bluntly stated that he had broken up with her, declaring that she was Ned's fiancée, not his. 
There were no extra words. Such a dismissive response made it clear to everyone that she and Joe were finished.
At that moment, Rosa felt as though the entire world had abandoned her. Joe was so heartless.
Since confronting Lizzie didn't yield any results, Rosa decided to seek out Skylar.
At the Gardner Group building, Skylar had returned to work two days ago. This morning, just as she settled in, Alexander summoned her to his office and immediately pulled up a video. 
"Take a look. This person should be Kevin, Viola's brother. He went to the Avalon Residence to meet with Ernest," Alexander said, his expression serious.
###chapter1373
 
Skylar asked, "Is this from the last couple of days?" Her expression turned serious.
If the video was accurate, there must be some negative items in Avalon Residence. Perhaps it was the negative item that was preventing Joe from regaining his memories.
To her, the car accident could have been influenced by something else. Sometimes, there were occurrences that couldn't be explained by science. Alexander nodded and said, "Yes, it was captured recently."
Skylar's expression turned serious. "We need to find an opportunity to visit Avalon Residence. They won't let me near the negative item, but I need to ensure it doesn't affect Grandma or Joe."
While the negative item could wreak havoc on Ernest's family, it was unacceptable for it to impact the people she cared about.
With everything going on lately, she had neglected this matter.
"I should be able to find him in the next couple of days. When I do, I'll make sure to ask him why Viola spent her life trying to save people while he keeps using negative items to harm them." Alexander's frustration was palpable.
He always felt that anyone connected to Viola deserved to be treated with respect. Now, Kevin was misusing negative items, tarnishing her legacy.
"I need to meet him," Skylar declared firmly. She sensed that Kevin had been using negative items to cause harm for years, and there must be a reason behind it.
Viola had left suddenly, and her letter hadn't revealed much. However, Skylar guessed there were past secrets that the public didn't know, possibly explaining why Viola had moved away from Jipsburg to live in the countryside.
Though Viola was no longer with them, Skylar felt it was her duty to help her understand certain things.
"By the way, I have a friend who is a doctor skilled in traditional medicine. He has some remedies that might help restore memories. Would you like to give Joe a try with it?"
Alexander asked with concevetoe
Skylar smiled and nodded. "That sounds good. Thank you, Mr. Gardner Senior."
She knew Joe wouldn't readily accept herbal remedies. Taking medicine was especially difficult for him.
Of course, Skylar understood that
taking herbalmedicine was unlikely to help Joe regain his memory.
Sometimes, the restoration of
memory depended more on cha
than on remedies. After discussing matters with Alexander, she
returned to work. 
When she returned to Jipsburg, she brought along Cade's painting. It was the perfect opportunity to collaborate with Caleb on the
ovel
restoration. Over the past few years, Caleb had made significant O progress. 
He could now handle some less complex restoration tasks independently.
Skylar was pleasantly surprised by Caleb's growth. "Skylar, look at this spot," he said, pointing at a section of the painting.
Following his gesture, Skylar examined the area, and her expression turned serious.
"I'll handle this," she said.
"Ah, okay."
Caleb watched closely as Skylar worked. Over the years, he had dedicated himself fully to learning and improving, and his progress was evident. Even Alexander couldn't help but praise him.
###chapter1374
 
Compared to Skylar, he still felt quite inadequate. An hour later, feeling a bit tired, Skylar sat down to rest and chatted with Caleb.
"How is Joe treating you these days?" Caleb asked.
He had wanted to ask this for a while. A few years ago, he felt that Joe didn't treat Skylar well, and now that Joe had lost his memory, Caleb was even more convinced that Joe was not worthy of her.
It seemed like fate was never going to give him a chance. He yearned for the day when Skylar could be with him instead.
Every day, he hoped for Skylar's return. But the reality was that Skylar come back, and she had brought Joe with her, which felt like a significant blow to Caleb.
Skylar smiled and replied, "He treats me well."
Although she said this, she could sense that Joe was even less restrained since his memory loss.
Aside from her menstrual period, Joe seemed to be trying to make up for the three years he had missed. Sometimes, it felt as if she might fall apart from the intensity of it all.
"Well, if he's not treating you well, just kick him out," Caleb said with irritation. Skylar couldn't help but laugh. "Sure, if he's not good enough, I'll make him leave."
"By the way, I ran into Simona and Stephen at a mall yesterday. Why are they still together? Isn't Aiken supposed to know everything?" Caleb was someone who couldn't let anything slide, especially if it was something he disapproved of.
Skylar's smile faded. "After work, I'll visit Harvey at school and check on Simona too. Maybe Aiken is waiting for the right moment."
"I think someone like that, who lies through their teeth, should be taught a lesson. A good beating would make him think twice before lying again. Simona is way too kind and trusting." Caleb gritted his teeth, clearly frustrated.
Watching Caleb's cynical demeanor, Skylar chuckled. "Remember I mentioned introducing you to Harvey? Want to come to school with me today?" "Maybe another day. I'm really afraid that if I see Simona, I might spill that Stephen is a bastard, and then I might just lose it and punch him.
"But Harvey, doesn't know me, I
know him. He sometimes streams games online. He's amazing! Now I'm one of his fans. Skylar, how come everyone in your family is so impressive?" 
Caleb was genuinely filled with admiration, not just buttering her up.
Skylar was indeed impressive, and so were Steven, Charles, and Harvey. Each one excelled in their field, earning admiration and respect from others.
Skylar chuckled. "You're impressive too, Caleb. You've accomplished what would take most people five or six years, all in just a few."
Caleb wasn't immune to
tramur
compliments. His handsome face
swneve
flushed a bit. "Well, yeah, I think alright too. Excuse me, I need to head to the restroom," he said quickly before making his 
Watching Caleb hurry off, Skylar shook her head with a smile. Caleb's blunt yet sincere spirit, along with his fearless loyalty, was genuinely refreshing.
That afternoon, at Jipsburg College, Skylar waited for a few minutes until Harvey ran over with his hair in complete disarray.
Seeing his untidy appearance, she couldn't help but ask, "What happened to you?"
"I don't have any classes this afternoon, so I was catching up on sleep with a nap. Last night, I played in a tournament. Guess what, Skylar-do you think I won?"
"You? Of course, you won," Skylar said confidently.
"You know me too well!" Harvey laughed, patting his hair into a somewhat presentable state. Despite the messy hair, it did nothing to diminish his charm.
In fact, during his time at college, he had attracted the attention of numerous talent scouts.
Once, Charles even took him on a reality show, and many viewers were convinced he should start a career in the entertainment industry. Some said his staying out of showbiz was a great loss. 
Skylar handed him a bag. "Here, I made some pastries yesterday. When you're gaming at night, you can have these if you get hungry."
###chapter1375
 
Harvey loved pastries, so he immediately opened the bag to check them out. "Wow, Skylar, your pastries look amazing! Even the bakery can't compete with these."
Skylar laughed. "If I have time, I'll make more and drop them off for you. But remember, get some proper sleep when you're not in a tournament."
Harvey, always taking her advice seriously, nodded. "Got it, Skylar. There are a few tournaments this week, but once they're done, I'll catch up on the rest. By the way, how's everything with you and Joe? Has he remembered anything yet?"
Harvey felt a mix of admiration and frustration for his brother-in-law. He respected him but also resented the three years his sister spent waiting, only to have Joe return without his memories and bring a wave of fresh complications.
Skylar nodded. "We're doing well right now."
"If he tries to push you around just because of the memory loss, let me know," Harvey said, clenching his fists. Boxing practice every day gave him plenty of confidence he could handle protecting Skylar if it came to that.
They talked for a while longer, and then Skylar headed to the Fry Shack across from campus to wait for Simona.
Simona came running in, a little out of breath. "Sorry, Skylar. One of my classmates needed me for something. I didn't keep you waiting too long, did 1?"
Skylar shook her head. "No worries-I've only been here a couple of minutes. Take a breath and sit down."
Simona relaxed, clearly relieved. "Phew, that's good! I was practically sprinting here, hoping I wouldn't be late."
Simona prided herself on her punctuality and hated the idea of wasting others' time. Anytime she was late, even by a minute, she felt guilty. "What would you like to eat?" Skylar asked.
"Maybe a chicken burger with spicy wings and a cola," Simona said.
She didn't eat at fast-food places like Fry Shack often because she was trying to manage her weight. She knew that if she indulged too much, it would be easy to gain weight However, she still had her cravings and treated herself occasionally. 
Skylar hadn't had a high-calorie meal like this in a while either, so she ordered two of each.
The Fry Shack near campus was
packed, especially since it was
dinner time...A few people
Ove
recognized Simona, and many greeted her as they passed by was clear from her friendly demeanor that she got along well with her classmates. 
Some people even asked Simona why they hadn't seen her boyfriend, Stephen. At the mention of Stephen's name, Skylar's expression shifted slightly.
Simona blushed as she explained that Stephen had been busy these days. After finishing her explanation to her classmates, she turned to Skylar, who was watching her.
She said, "Stephen's relatives have come to Jipsburg for a hospital visit, so he's been quite busy. I haven't seen him these past few days. If I had, I would have brought him to meet you, Skylar."
"I see. That's okay. If I don't get to see him this time, you can just bring him along next time I visit," Skylar replied with a smile.
Simona's brow furrowed, a hint of melancholy in her eyes. She couldn't quite articulate the vague feelings she had, so she confided in Skylar.
"I don't know if this is how it feels when you're dating, but sometimes I feel like Stephen is hiding something from me and that he doesn't care as much. Yet, there are moments when I feel he really does care."
Despite his busy schedule, he still took the time to call her and check if she was eating her meals on schedule. Every time they ended a call or had to part ways, he would always say, "I love you".
Still, she couldn't help but wonder if she was just being overly sensitive, creating the illusion that he didn't like her.
"When you're in a relationship, your feelings matter the most. But sometimes, you also have to trust your instincts," Skylar advised.
She could see that when Simona
brought up Stephen this time, she lacked the deep affection she had expressed during their last video call. Suddenly, Skylar understood why Aiken hadn't rushed to reveal Stephen's true nature. 
He was trying to minimize the potential hurt to Simona. Once love faded, the pain would naturally become negligible.
###chapter1376
 
Simona said, "Instinct?"
Simona pondered Skylar's words. It seemed like she was beginning to realize some things she had been avoiding. For instance, Stephen mentioned that a relative was hospitalized in Jipsburg City, and he needed to visit the hospital while looking for a place to rent for them.
On the surface, Stephen seemed to care deeply about his family. But she wondered why he refused to let her visit his relative in the hospital. Even when she wanted to see the place he was renting for his relatives, he had turned her down.
These were questions she needed to think about. Recently, she had been too emotional when considering things, especially regarding Stephen. It seemed that since they started dating, her thoughts had leaned toward being overly sentimental.
Whenever she thought of Stephen, it felt like she was viewing everything through rose-colored glasses.
"Have you been enjoying those dating reality shows lately?" Skylar asked.
Simona was taken aback for a moment. "Huh? Dating variety shows? I've heard my classmates talk about them, but I've been too busy with studying and watching other series to check them out. Do you watch them too, Skylar?"
"You might want to give them a try. You might learn a thing or two about dating," Skylar suggested.
Over the past few days, she had caught glimpses of the show, and there was a boy on it whose situation reminded her of Stephen. Of course, the girl involved was just as confused as anyone else, which sparked some discussions among viewers.
The show had even trended a few times. Simona was intelligent, but sometimes, she could be easily deceived by superficial appearances. Simona immediately nodded. "If you say it's good, then I'll start watching. A couple of classmates recommended it to me just the other day." As they were chatting, Stephen called Simona.
"Simona, my uncle and aunt are short on cash. The hospital is pressuring us to make the payment Even with the money I raised from home it's still not enough. Could you lend me a few tens of thousands of dollars? I promise to pay you back as soon as I have enough 
Stephen started the conversation with money. Simona almost agreed right away, but for some reason, she glanced at Skylar.
Instead of immediately saying yes, she replied, "Sure, which hospital are you at? I'll come find you."
Skylar lowered her head, sipping her cola quietly. The cola, which had ice added, lost its flavor as she continued to drink.
She couldn't hear what Stephen was
et
saying, but Simona bit her red lip, and then Skylar heard her say, "I know the director of this hospital can talk to them. What's your uncle's name? Which ward is he in? Who is his attending physician? I'll speak With the director." Content belongs
Hearing Simona ask these questions made Skylar smile to herself. It seemed that the person who understood Simona best was Aiken. He knew just how to give Simona an important lesson.
It appeared that Stephen said something else, causing Simona's expression to darken. Then she hung up the phone.
Skylar didn't pry for more details but exchanged a few more words with Simona before leaving.
Simona stood at the entrance of the Fry Shack, watching as Skylar's car disappeared down the road. Just then, Stephen called again.
"Simona, my aunt just called. She
managed to borrow the money, so I won't need to trouble you anymore. You won't owe the director anything. I'm heading to make the payment now. I love you, Simona." 
###chapter1377
 
Stephen didn't give Simona a chance to respond before he hurriedly ended the call. From the tone of his voice, he seemed genuinely anxious. But after hanging up, Simona's face turned pale.
If she couldn't sense something was off at this moment, she would truly be na?ve. She knew she should visit the hospital.
Yet, she hesitated. Going to the hospital meant confronting whatever was about to unfold, and she questioned whether she could handle it. That was
one concern.
More importantly, she wanted to trust Stephen. Most of her classmates had a very positive impression of him and acknowledged his capabilities. However, she began to doubt whether he really liked her as much as she had once believed. At first, she was confident about it, but now... She bit her lip, recalling what Skylar had said earlier. Sometimes, she had to trust her instincts. Her instinct was telling her that Stephen had a secret, possibly related to his uncle in the hospital.
After all, he wouldn't have kept his uncle's name a secret. With this thought in mind, Simona raised her hand and flagged down a cab.
When Skylar returned to Galaxy Villa, she noticed two unfamiliar cars parked outside. Confused, she didn't enter right away. Instead, she called Joe. After a few rings, Joe picked up. Skylar asked softly, "There are guests at home, right?"
Joe's voice was gentle as he replied, "Yes."
Skylar decisively said, "Let me know when the guests leave. I want to check on my mom."
"Sure, go ahead," Joe answered.
As Skylar started her car to leave, another vehicle pulled up and stopped directly in front of her. Moments later, Ernest and Claudio got out of her car. "What's all this commotion?" Skylar thought, frowning as she recalled Joe's press conference earlier that day.
She also remembered what Alexander had said about the challenges Joe faced, which were as daunting as those he encountered when he first joined the Martin Group seven or eight years ago.
The only thing she could do now was not to be a hindrance. She would support him silently. However, just to be safe, she decided to call Jeremy.
When Jeremy answered, he wasn't
surprised by her news about the guests at home. "Since they found out Joe is back, they've been trying to see him in various ways. It's not unexpected for them to show up today. Joe is prepared, so you don't need to worry." 
Feeling reassured by Jeremy's words, Skylar drove over to Rosestone Residence.
...
At the Attentive Hospital, Simona headed straight to meet the director, Heath Crawford. She was acquainted with the director of this hospital.
After exchanging some pleasantries,
she explained that she was looking for a recently admitted male patient around 50 years old with the last name Bearce. Knowing what she was after, Heath instructed his staff to look into it. 
However, after checking, they found no newly admitted male patients with the last name Pearce in that age range. Noticing Simona's confusion, Heath asked his staff to verify again and received a definitive answer. 
S
Simona left the hospital without truly understanding how she had gotten there or how she ended up back at school.
There was no such patient.
She could have called Aiken to investigate Stephen's uncle, but uncertainty gripped her.
###chapter1378
 
Simona felt she had grown up and could handle these matters on her own without troubling Aiken. As she reached the school entrance, a gust of evening wind blew past her, bringing her back to a state of calm.
She decided to call Stephen.
However, Stephen didn't answer. She didn't try calling again. Lately, he had been busy with various matters and often didn't answer her phone.
Yet this time, she suddenly felt as though she had never truly understood him.
...
Stephen was out to dinner with Rosa at a Thaspia restaurant. Rosa was drinking and pouring out her troubles to him.
"I'm not willing to let go. If it were you who had spent three years loving someone, would you be able to just walk away that easily? Would you truly wish him well? He wants me to return to Murida, but I'm not going back. No matter what, I'm staying here."
Stephen replied, "Jipsburg is a great place to live. You could buy a house and work here. If you need help during this time, I'm here for you."
With a somewhat dazed look, Rosa gazed at Stephen. "How about I start a company and have you manage it? I believe you have that capability." She had the funds to become a silent partner. She knew Joe looked down on her, thinking her background was poor and that she had never worked before. So, she decided to show him what a strong woman could do.
A spark of interest lit up Stephen's eyes as he felt his phone vibrating in his pocket. Someone was calling him, but at that moment, he had no desire to answer, no matter who it was.
He knew the woman before him could offer him everything he desired. "If you believe in me, I will do everything I can to make it work. I promise you won't lose any money."
Rosa felt utterly confident in Stephen. In a city as large as Jipsburg, he was her only friend and the one person she could trust.
Moreover, his willingness to help her from the very beginning showed that he was a good person, someone worthy of her complete trust.
Besides, she was good at reading people. She recognized that Joe was extraordinary three years ago. He was someone who could provide her with a life beyond her imagination, and time had proven her right.
Now, she had the same feeling about Stephen. She believed Stephen was capable of providing her the opportunity to be hands-off, allowing her to earn money while she relaxed. 
It was bound to work.
Skylar returned to Rosestone Residence unexpectedly and hadn't informed anyone beforehand. Upon arriving, she rang the doorbell but received no
answer.
It dawned on her that Janine hadn't come home yet.
It was strange. She should have been off work by now. Janine rarely stayed late at the office, especially since everything was running smoothly. There were so many employees, each handling their tasks. While she pondered this, she decided to call and check.
However, the call didn't go through. It was out of service. Just as she was about to call the office instead, the elevator doors opened, and she overheard a conversation.
"Janine, you should have your foot checked out at the hospital. Why don't you put down those groceries, and I'll take you?"
"No, no, it's an old injury. I fell a few
years back ago and have had similar incidents since. Now, when I accidentally bump it now, it hurts a lot. It's nothing serious. I'll just go
home and put on a baJanine
replied. Content belongs. 
Neither of them noticed Skylar standing at the door. It was only when they got closer that they recognized her.
"Skye?" Janine called out.
Skylar's gaze landed on Janine's foot. "Mom, did you twist your ankle again?"
"I slipped on the stairs, but it's
nothing to worry about." Janine felt a
bit embarrassed. She hadn't expected to injure herself today and run into acquaintances right after. 
UMS
The man next to Janine added, "You should go to the hospital for a check-up."
At those words, Skylar looked up at the man. He was in his 40s, appearing quite composed, and clearly someone who took fitness seriously.
###chapter1379
 
Skylar had never seen the man before.
It seemed that Janine and the man had known each other for a long time. Otherwise, he wouldn't be calling her by her first name so warmly.
But Skylar didn't have time to ask who he was.
"Mom. let's go to the hospital and get your foot checked out," she said.
Janine immediately declined. "No, it's fine. I fall all the time and am used to it. Even if we go to the hospital, they'll only tell me to go home and rest. We still have some medicated cream at home. I'll just apply it."
As she spoke, she walked to the door and was about to open it.
Then, she turned to the middle-aged man beside her and said, "Mr. Read, come in and have a cup of tea before you leave."
When Ted Read heard that, he glanced at Skylar before replying to Janine, "I still have some matters to attend to in the office. I'll treat you to a meal another time."
Ted left right after saying that.
Janine felt a little embarrassed that she had been given a ride home but couldn't even offer him a cup of tea.
After Ted left, Skylar asked, "Mom, who's that?"
"Oh, I forgot to introduce you. That's Mr. Ted Read, the landlord of our building. He's been a great help to our company these past two years.
"Just now, he happened to see me fall after work and offered to give me a ride home," Janine explained.
Skylar just nodded before she said, "Let's go home and check your injury. If it's serious, we should still go to the hospital."
Seeing how concerned Skylar was, Janine smiled and nodded, "Alright, we'll take a look first."
Back at home, Janine took off her shoes and saw some redness and swelling around her ankle, but itè didn't look too bad. With some spray and bandage, she'd likely be fully
recovered in a couple o 
days
"You see, I told you it wasn't serious. I just need a bit of rest," Janine said, visibly relieved. Perhaps it was age that made her dislike going to the hospital for every little issue.
Skylar checked the time and asked, "Mom, have you eaten dinner? I can make you some pasta."
"I haven't had time to eat dinner yet, but there's fresh pasta in the fridge," Janine replied, feeling a bit hungry. She wasn't used to food outside and preferred to cook her own meals whenever possible. 
20 minutes later, Skylar finished cooking the pasta. It was a simple tomato sauce pasta.
As Janine ate, she asked Skylar why she was able to come home today.
"Joe had something to do today, and there are some guests at home, so I came back to spend time with you And it's lucky that I did, or you might have gone hungry tonight," Skylar said before thinking that she might have exaggerated a little. 
Ted probably wouldn't have left Janine without a meal.
Janine couldn't help but laugh. "You're really my little sweetheart. By the way, has Joe remembered anything from the past recently?"
"No, I don't think he can recover his memory anytime soon," Skylar replied, suddenly feeling that it wasn't so important whether he remembered or not.
For Joe, his memories were indeed significant. But now, the effort to remember, the struggle to regain his memories made it seem unimportant.
Besides, there seemed to be some issues over at Avalon Residence that might have a significant impact on him.
Janine nodded and said, "These things can't be rushed. Take it slowly. Even without his memories, you're still a married couple."
"Yes, Mom, you're right."
The mother and daughter continued to chat for a while.
###chapter1380
 
"Your brother and Mona are getting married in a few days. It's okay if Joe can't make it. There will be a lot of your brother's colleagues and Mona's friends coming to the wedding," Janine said.
Many people still didn't know that Joe was her son-in-law. They assumed that Joe and Lizzie were still a couple.
Skylar then said, "Joe and I had discussed this and decided he'd join us for the family meal the next day instead. Given his current situation, he really can't participate in the wedding. I'll explain it to Steven."
"There's no need for that. Steven said as a family, we don't have to worry about such things," Janine said.
"Alright." Skylar nodded.
Half an hour later, Skylar saw that Janine's foot was not as swollen as before and didn't hurt as much too. So, she left, feeling reassured.
Just after Skylar left, Janine received a call from Ted.
"Mr. Read?"
"Janine, I've had some medicine delivered to you. I heard it's very effective. Once you receive it, rub it well on your foot. If it still doesn't feel better, give me a call, and I'll take you to the hospital," Ted said, showing his concern.
"Thank you very much, Mr. Read. I'm already feeling much better," Janine replied, realizing that despite his distant demeanor, Ted was quite considerate.
"Don't take it too lightly. Keep an eye on it. If it still hurts tomorrow morning, you should go to the hospital," Ted advised.
"Alright, but I don't think it's a big issue," Janine said as she glanced down at her foot.
Moving it seemed to have pulled at the injured area as a sudden pain shot through her ankle. It had stopped hurting when Skylar left, but now it was hurting again.
"Oh, and I have a few things I'd like to consult you on, Janine. Once your foot is better, let me treat you to a meal, and we can discuss it in detail," Ted added.
Janine readily agreed, "Of course. There's no need to be so formal, Mr. Read. Feel free to ask me anytime. I'll answer as best as I can."
"Please, just call me Ted. Calling me Mr. Read is too formal," Ted replied.
"Alright," Janine agreed.
On her way back, Skylar received a call from an unknown number.
Usually, she would ignore such calls, but she accidentally answered it instead. These calls were often sales pitches or even scams.
Just as she was about to hang up, she heard a familiar voice on the line.
"Skylar, are you still refusing to leave Joe? This isnt like a few years ago when he controlled everything in Jipsburg Martin Group has
changed. He's struggling now
But
I'm different. Why don't you become my woman?" 
Claudio's words were as revolting as a fly buzzing around her.
Skylar hadn't expected Claudio to still be at it. Hadn't he learned his lesson after spending a few days in prison?
"It's true, things have changed. Back then, at least you had Joe to protect you, giving you some semblance of respect. But now, people curse you in droves. 
"Claudio, being born ugly is not your fault, but disgusting others are. Don't ever call me again!" Skylar spat coldly.
Claudio was absolutely repulsive.
On the other end, he became
enraged. Do you really think Joe will
have the last laugh? He won't be able to for much longer! We'll see how long you can keep up that stubbornness of yours!" 
###chapter1381
 
For the past couple of days, Claudio noticed Joe getting ready to stir up trouble in Jipsburg. It made him think of Skylar.
She really had a way of getting under his skin.
After meeting her, other women seemed utterly dull in comparison. Perhaps it was the idea of her being unattainable that made everything seem most enticing and tantalizing.
Just as Claudio was about to say more, Skylar decisively hung up the call, leaving only the dial tone in his ears.
"Damn! I'll just wait for her to come to me. If she ever throws herself at me, I'll have to think about whether she's even worth my time!"
In her dorm room, Simona sat in front of her laptop and spaced out. Her mind was blank.
Her roommate noticed the unusual behavior as Simona was usually very lively, especially now that she was dating Stephen.
Their passionate relationship had filled her days with joy and romance, so this detached look was completely unlike her.
"Simona, are you okay? Are you feeling unwell?" her roommate asked.
Simona snapped out of her reverie before looking at her roommate. "Huh? No, I was just thinking about something."
"Thinking? Haha, don't tell me you're thinking about Stephen. He didn't come to see you much these few days. Is your love sickness acting up?
"Didn't you say he's busy helping his relatives who are visiting? It's only been a few days, and you're already missing him this much?" her roommate, Kelly Clarkson, teased.
Simona's expression changed subtly. "No, it's not that. A friend of mine is dealing with something, and I was thinking about her."
Kelly raised an eyebrow but didn't press further, though she seemed unconvinced.
Even though she hadn't asked about
et
Simona's family background, after years of being roommates, she could tell she was from a well-off family Simona was different from the average background of most of the other students. 
Yet Simona had no airs about her. She always got along with her classmates and roommates, and they were all very comfortable with one another.
Simona then closed her laptop, intending to lie on her bed and scroll through her phone when Stephen called.
She looked at his name on the screen and hesitated. After a few moments, she decided to answer the call.
Kelly, who was observing her, sensed something was off.
Could Simona and Stephen be having an argument? Otherwise, she wouldn't stare at her ringing phone for a long time without answering.
Simona had even set a special
ringtone just for him. Kelly and their
other roommates had once joked
that Simona was utterly smitten with Stephen because of it. 
"Simona, I was busy when you called. I just finished up. Please don't be mad at me. Once my uncle's surgery is done, we'll be able to see
each other every day again," Stephen said with a voice as gentle as ever. 
UMS
Normally, Simona's frustrations would subside after hearing him comfort her like this. She could never stay mad at him.
But today felt different—especially when he mentioned his uncle who wasn't actually hospitalized at the oncology center.
It made Stephen seem insincere, like he was lying through his teeth.
###chapter1382
 
Stephen noticed Simona's silence and grew concerned.
"Simona? Where are you? Are you in the dorm? Are you feeling unwell? Or are you still upset with me? Please say something. Otherwise, I'll be worried."
Hearing Stephen's worried and concerned tone, Simona suddenly wondered if he had some hidden difficulties. After all, someone as good as Stephen wouldn't deceive her without a reason.
But that thought quickly faded this wasn't just about some simple hidden troubles. It had to be more complicated than that.
"Stephen, what were you busy with when I called earlier?" she asked.
Stephen hadn't expected the question but recovered quickly.
"I was at the oncology hospital. My uncle's condition was critical this afternoon, and someone needed to stay by his bedside. He's been through a lot.
"My phone was on silent, so I didn't hear your call. I'm sorry I missed it. You must be upset. It was my fault.
"Simona, let me make it up to you. You can punish me however you want. Just don't be mad, okay?"
Stephen truly had an easygoing personality and was a considerate boyfriend. He had never come across as overly domineering.
Simona's heart softened a little after listening to his explanation. "Stephen, I admit that I have a bad temper sometimes, but I usually don't get angry without reason. Since we've been together for a while, I hope we can always be honest with each other."
Stephen fell silent briefly before replying in a serious tone, "You're right, Simona. Couples shouldn't keep secrets or deceive each other. But sometimes, there are things I can't explain right away. It's not because I want to lie, but I want to wait for the right time to tell you.
"Please believe me-no matter what happens, no matter how far apart we are, no one can replace you in my heart."
Deceptions with good intentions.
Simona felt her heart tremble slightly.
Was she overthinking everything? Perhaps she should give Stephen more space.
Maybe he was dealing with something difficult on his own and didn't want to burden her. She started to doubt her suspicions.
...
When Skylar returned to Galaxy Villa, all the guests had already left. But the villa was still brightly lit.
Joe looked over at her as she walked in. The sharpness in his gaze softened instantly when he saw her.
"Let's move to another place tomorrow," Joe said.
Skylar nodded in agreement. "Alright, I'll pack up tonight."
Joe owned many properties. Three
years ago Gloria had asked Skylar to transfer these properties to her
name. but she never followed
through because she had always believed Joe was still alive 
But moving out of Galaxy Villa seemed like a good idea. Too many people knew where Joe was staying, and the constant interruptions were disrupting their lives. 
Seeing that Skylar didn't even ask for a reason and simply agreed, Joe felt a brief warmth in his heart.
Perhaps this was what they called tacit understanding. Even though he couldn't recall their past, he was certain she was the one he had chosen.
"By the way, Mr. Gardner Senior
mentioned something to me today. Grandma Viola's younger brother went to Avalon Residence," Skylar suddenly remembered about that important matter. 
Joe's eyes narrowed slightly as he heard that.
###chapter1383
 
After a moment of thought, Joe spoke.
"I'll handle this matter. I'll have Paul send someone over to Avalon Residence," he quickly came up with a plan.
Skylar nodded and said, "I'll prepare a few talismans in advance and let them place them there. If there are any negative items, these will reduce their influence on you."
Over the years, aside from searching for Joe, Skylar also studied and researched negative items. She had even developed methods to restrain their power.
Hearing this, Joe suddenly fixed his gaze on Skylar.
Skylar was confused by his look. "What is it?"
Joe just reached out and gently ruffled her hair. The strands felt silky under his fingers. Her hair was long, past her shoulders, and down to her waist. Today, she had curled it, making her look both radiant and innocently captivating-like an angel who could steal one's soul at any moment.
"You're that worried about me?" His tone carried a hint of amusement.
Faced with his intense gaze, Skylar's heart raced slightly, but she replied sincerely, "Of course."
"Lizzie will release a statement ending our fake relationship from three years ago in a few days. Then, after some time, we'll officially announce our relationship to the public," Joe said.
He didn't remember what had happened before he lost his memory, but hiding his feelings wasn't something he was inclined to do now.
Skylar was his wife, and he wanted everyone to know it.
After returning, he realized that quite a few people had their eyes on her. Just thinking about it made him uncomfortable.
"Alright, you decide the timing, and I'll follow you," Skylar agreed without hesitation. It didn't matter to her whether the announcement was made sooner or later.
Recently, Joe's attentiveness toward her had far surpassed what it had been three years ago.
Sometimes, she even had the
illusion that his current affection and care for her were only because he had lost his memory and there were only a few people he felt familiar with And Skylar just happened to be one of them. 
Of course, she quickly brushed off that thought.
Nothing mattered more than their current life together. As long as love existed in their hearts, that was enough.
It was Steven and Mona's wedding day a few days later.
Skylar had arrived early to help out.
e
This was their family's first wedding celebration and a moment of welcoming a new family member. Everyone was overjoyed, none more so than Janine. She was going to have a daughter-in-law. 
Many people attended the wedding.
Steven and Mona appeared in front of everyone as a perfect couple. Both families were wonderful and got along well.
To add to the excitement, Charles, a celebrity, was there.
Many guests were his fans, making the wedding not only a joyous occasion but also a star-struck event for some.
As Skylar took in the wedding scene,
she felt truly touched. Steven
s love story was beautifet
6 words. 
While she was listening to them share their journey of meeting and falling in love, Joe suddenly sent her a message.
So, she quickly stepped out into the hotel corridor to reply to him.
###chapter1384
 
"The wedding is still ongoing. Steven and Mona's love story is so beautiful and touching." Skylar sent it to Joe. "We'll also have our own wedding soon. What kind of wedding do you want? I'll prepare for it," Joe replied.
It felt as if he were saying that he would give her what others have as well. This made Skylar's heart flutter slightly.
Then, she typed her reply. "Let's plan it together. We'll create a wedding we both love."
Joe's reply was quick. "I like whatever you like."
Joe had become exceptionally good at sweet-talking. Skylar suspected he might have secretly read books on that. Otherwise, how could he be so good at making her happy?
And yet, it worked.
Just as Skylar was about to reply, she suddenly caught sight of a familiar figure. Her brows furrowed slightly in thought as she walked over.
At that moment, Annie stood quietly in a corner, looking at the romantic wedding scene.
Her eyes were fixed on Steven. She was wearing sunglasses and was pressing her lips together.
None of the staff nearby noticed her presence, and the guests were all focused on the bride and groom.
Although she was a little far away, Annie seemed to see the unmistakable love in Steven's eyes when he looked at Mona-a love so genuine it was impossible to hide.
When the couple exchanged glances, it made everyone else around them feel irrelevant.
Annie felt a throb in her heart as she watched on.
This scene had once been part of her dreams. If she hadn't done those things a few years ago, the person marrying Steven would have been her. She would have been the apple of his eyes.
Perhaps they would have married three years ago and would have their own children by now, living as a happy family.
"Annie."
Startled, Annie turned around. When she saw it was Skylar, she just lifted her brows slightly.
"Are you afraid I'll disrupt their wedding? Don't worry. My current status wouldn't allow me to do such things. Besides, I see things clearly now.
"If I dared to cause trouble, your brother wouldn't let me off. So, I'm not going to do anything. I don't want him to hate me any more than he already does."
Her tone was laced with envy for Mona and regret for Steven. But she spoke sincerely. She knew better than to indulge in wishful thinking.
Skylar relaxed slightly at that before
she said, "Given your fame now, finding someone who genuinely conneets with you shouldn't be difficult. There's no need to waste your time on my brother." 
Annie let out a self-deprecating laugh. "Genuine connection? How many people in this world are like Steven? Besides, I once experienced true love. "So now, when people approach me with ulterior motives, I can't bring myself to reciprocate sincerely. Perhaps this is the karma for clinging to Joe back then."
Having tasted the bitterness of being approached with motives, she now understood how disgusting it felt.
Skylar remained silent, gaining a new perspective on Annie. It seemed she had grown a lot over the past few years.
Annie reluctantly tore her gaze from the stage and turned back to Skylar.
"If I hadn't been so greedy back then, I would have been the one with happiness now."
"There are no ifs in life."
Annie smiled bitterly. "That's true. There are no ifs in life. I've just been thinking too much."
Suddenly, she thought of the recent headlines in Jipsburg. She pitied Skylar back then as her marriage to Joe was hidden from the world. Later, Joe even had an accident. 
Yet now, Joe had returned, Skylar had her own company, and the Sullivan family members she once looked down on were thriving in their respective fields.
Annie had to admit that Skylar's life was extraordinary.
et
"If you ever need help, feel free to come to me. I still want to mend things and be friends with you. Please pass my congratulations to your brother. I wish him a happy marriage and a lifetime of love with his beloved." 
Annie left after leaving her words.
###chapter1385
 
Skylar watched Annie leave with a complicated feeling.
In truth, Annie was not a bad person. It was just that in the past, she had little control over her life, with her family controlling her choices.
Fortunately, although her family was not as glorious as before, Annie's success still allowed them to benefit from her status.
Now, Annie had gained control over her own life.
After the wedding, Steven and Mona were sent to their new home, accompanied by many friends.
Even though she was a family member, Skylar didn't follow. Her presence might make Mona feel awkward.
Besides, the couple's friends could enjoy themselves better in each other's company.
Skylar returned home with Janine to host and entertain other relatives and colleagues. By the time everything was wrapped up, night had fallen. The new place where she and Joe lived now was close to Janine's. It was just a 20-minute drive. So, after finishing up, she drove straight back. She suddenly saw two people as she stopped at a traffic light near the neighborhood.
One of them was Rosa and the other...
She hadn't met the man in person before but had seen photos and videos of him. It was Stephen.
What were these two doing together?
Just as she began to question this in her mind, the light turned green. As she drove through the intersection, she caught sight of the two standing on the roadside through her rearview mirror-kissing.
If she hadn't seen it with her own eyes, she would have thought that someone was deliberately trying to slander Rosa or was trying to stir up some trouble.
It felt utterly inconceivable to see these two together.
When did they get to know each other?
Stephen had Simona as a girlfriend on the surface, but he was having affairs with several other women behind Simona. Now Rosa had been added to the mix.
Skylar never thought someone so young would be so shockingly manipulative.
It was no wonder Simona was being deceived and strung along.
Even when they disappeared from her rearview mirror, the two were still locked in a kiss.
It surprised Skylar that Rosa was still in Jipsburg.
She assumed that Rosa would leave
after her visit to Galaxy Villa. After all, Joe had laid everything out clearly. Yet, over a month later, Rosa still here. 
Under the streetlights at the intersection, Stephen kissed Rosa for a long time before letting go.
Rosa, who hadn't been kissed in years, was momentarily overwhelmed. Her heart raced as though it might burst out of her chest.
She hadn't expected Stephen to suddenly lean in and kiss her when they were in the middle of discussing the company they were setting up. Although their relationship seemed ambiguous lately, with an unspoken tension, Rosa had always kept her composure around him.
She was several years older than
?
him, and she had always thought her attraction to him was just a fleeting response to her lack of romantic experiences in recent years. 
Rosa had always assumed it was just a physical reaction.
She liked someone like Joe, who was strong and admirable in every way, not a poor university student like Stephen, who needed her financial support to build a
company. 
###chapter1386
 
Stephen was incredibly handsome in Rosa's eyes.
Sometimes, when he looked at her earnestly, it felt as though his eyes could speak, as if they were telling her that he liked her.
Of course, this might just be her imagination.
After all, she really needed a man who could love her deeply and wholeheartedly right now.
And just now, with just a single glance exchanged between them, Stephen had kissed her out of the blue. It completely caught her off guard.
"Do you... Do you know what you're doing?" Rosa asked, catching her breath while blushing.
Stephen seemed equally flustered, probably not expecting himself to suddenly kiss her. He scratched his head, his face red, and fumbled for words.
"Please don't be mad at me. I... I don't know what came over me just now. I couldn't control myself. I think I've fallen for you. So, I acted on impulse. But just now, I really wanted to kiss you."
This clumsy explanation left Rosa stunned for a moment, and then she couldn't help but laugh.
"You like me? Do you know I'm at least five years older than you? Besides, I saw you making a phone call the other day. Wasn't that your girlfriend? If you like me, what about your girlfriend? How are you going to explain this to her?"
Stephen scratched his head again.
"I... I do have a girlfriend, but she's the one clinging to me. I only agreed to date her because I didn't know what else to do.
"I used to think that feelings like love were all so abstract and unimportant. But... But since I met you, I can't stop myself from wanting to be close to you. My heart raced uncontrollably since the first time I saw you."
Rosa was taken aback by Stephen's sincere words. He had liked her from their first meeting?
Thinking back now, it did seem plausible. Otherwise, why would someone care so much about a stranger? Why would he go out of his way to help her unconditionally?
Rosa's heart began to race. Even
though she knew she didn't like Stephen much, she still felt an emptiness in her heart and couldn't resist his affection. 
So, she instinctively hugged Stephen again.
"Prove it to me then. Kiss me again. Show me if you're truly sincere or just sweet-talking," Rosa said. Her voice was soft and seductive
almost hypnotic. 
Stephen's eyes widened in joy, and he looked at her excitedly. "I... I really like you! It's true! If I'm lying, I swear-"
Before he could finish, Rosa kissed him, and he deepened the kiss.
As Rosa closed her eyes, the deep affection in Stephen's eyes instantly turned cold. He knew he had won over another woman's heart.
Soon, everything Rosa had would belong to him.
Compared to Simona, he thought Rosa was much easier to manipulate as she was vulnerable and lonely.
However, he had no intention of letting go of Simona. Between the two, Simona was younger, wealthier, and held a higher status in Jipsburg. That was the circle he truly wanted to enter! 
Little did Stephen know, his passionate kiss with Rosa on the street wasn't just seen by Skylar-it had been captured on video.
Aiken soon received the video.
The camera used was of high quality, ensuring the video was crystal clear. Even in the dim light of the evening, the faces of the two were unmistakable.
Aiken's expression turned icy as he watched the video. It was as if he were staring at something utterly repulsive.
After that, he sent a short clip from the video to Skylar.
"You know this woman, don't you? If she harasses Joe again, show her this clip to shut her up," Aiken said.
###chapter1387
 
At that moment, Skylar had just set down her phone. She left it unlocked as she headed into the bathroom.
She was already undressed when she heard her phone buzz.
So, she called out to Joe, who was outside. "Can you check who just sent me a message?"
She was worried someone might have something urgent to discuss with her. Since it was a weekday, she had taken leave to attend her brother's wedding.
Joe just hummed a response and picked up her phone. He knew the password to unlock her screen, so he could still access it even if it had locked. He raised his brows subtly when he saw that it was from Aiken. It seemed that Paul wasn't wrong. Aiken definitely had some feelings for Skylar.
Joe didn't like invading others' privacy, but he couldn't help noticing their previous chat history. Skylar and Aiken seemed quite familiar with each other.
His gaze eventually fell on the video Aiken had sent.
It was of Rosa.
When he saw Rosa kissing someone, he lifted his brow slightly.
"Who is it?" Skylar asked from the bathroom.
Joe didn't open the video he wasn't interested in watching someone else's kissing scene.
"It's Aiken. He sent a video of Rosa kissing someone else. Do you want to watch it now or later?"
Hearing Joe's words from inside the bathroom, Skylar froze for a moment. She found it hard to believe. Did Joe just mention Rosa kissing someone else in such a calm tone?
He sounded far less shocked than she had been when she saw it herself.
"I'll watch it later. Let me finish my shower first," she replied.
Joe wasn't interested in who Rosa was kissing initially. But after a moment of thought, he forwarded the video to himself and then to Paul. Paul responded almost immediately.
"Mr. Martin, are you trying to mock me by sending this late at night? You have someone to kiss, but I've only got my mom and a dog at home. Who am I supposed to kiss? 
UMS
However, moments later, Paul realized something wasn't right. So, he sent another message.
"Wait, I misunderstood! Please ignore my last message, Mr. Martin. Let's pretend you never saw it!"
Feeling utterly embarrassed, Paul wanted to bury himself in a hole.
To regain composure, he saved the video and watched it carefully.
So, it seemed that Rosa had a new boyfriend? And judging by his appearance, he seemed to be a university student.
Paul had spent the past couple of days investigating Rosa during his free time. He wanted to gather detailed information in case it became necessary in the future. 
After all, Rosa was like a ticking time bomb that could blow up at any time.
Back in the room, Joe had returned
after showering in another
bathroom. When he saw Paul's
1.ne
reply he couldn't help but twitch the
corner of his mouth. 
When he read the part about him having someone to kiss, his eyes wandered to the bathroom.
He could hear the sound of a hairdryer coming from the inside.
At that moment, a thought came into his mind.
Standing in front of the mirror the next morning, Skylar stared at herself before shooting a glare at Joe. He was brushing his teeth nearby. "This is all your fault. Look at what you've done. This spot can't even be covered with foundation.
"And the weather isn't that cold yet, so wearing a scarf feels too obvious.
"If I say it's a mosquito bite or an allergic reaction, no one will believe me it's the classic case of trying to cover something up!"
###chapter1388
 
Skylar was getting a little upset.
Why was Joe becoming increasingly reckless in bed? Now, even walking made her legs feel weak.
Her skin was naturally sensitive, and it didn't take much for marks to appear. Even if he didn't apply much force, traces would still remain.
If anyone saw them, they would definitely know what she did the previous night.
Joe, however, showed no trace of embarrassment. "They know you're married, don't they?"
Skylar's mouth twitched. "They do, but people don't usually show up to work with marks like this."
"Maybe if there were more marks, it'd look like an allergic reaction?" Joe's gaze fixed on Skylar's pale, slender neck.
Her fair complexion made the reddish-purple marks stand out even more, creating an unintentional allure.
His self-control seemed to crumble easily whenever he faced her.
Skylar immediately looked at him with a guarding look. "Don't even think about it! Let's just leave it as is. The more I try to cover it up, the more suspicious it looks. Anyway, I'll be driving, so I won't run into any strangers on the way."
Joe's thin lips curved slightly. Just as he was about to say something, his phone rang.
He answered the call and his expression quickly turned cold as the other party spoke. He was radiating an almost tangible sense of danger.
"I'll head over now," Joe said before hanging up.
Then, he turned to Skylar and said, "I have to go."
"Alright," Skylar replied, putting away her playful demeanor.
Over the past few days, Joe had been preparing to return to the Martin Group, but the situation there was incredibly complicated.
A few days ago, Gloria had mentioned to Skylar that she regretted selling her shares in the company after Joe's accident. Although she didn't own many shares, even a small amount could be of significant help to Joe in the current circumstances.
Thinking about this, Skylar zoned out for a moment.
At Avalon Residence, Edgar brought over a platter of freshly sliced fruit to Gloria.
Veronica had just returned after seeing the family doctor off.
When she exchanged a glance with Edgar, they could see the worry in each other's eyes.
"You two can stop sighing and
fretting behind my back. I can tell what's going on. But I know my body the best, Gloria said as though she had eyes in the back of her head, seeing right through Edgar and Veronica's concerns. 
Edgar chuckled as he approached with a fruit platter.
"Mrs. Martin Senior, your health will only get better. Now that Mr. and Mrs. Martin are doing well, you must also take care of yourself. Didn't you just say a few days ago that you wanted to live long enough to hold your great-grandchild?" 
Edgar knew Gloria best and knew exactly what to say to lift her spirits and fuel her determination.
People often lived on sheer willpower.
"That's right. Look at how loving they are now. Who knows, you might be holding your great-grandchild sooner than you think, Mrs. Martin
Senior," Veronica chimed in. 
Hearing their words, Gloria couldn't help but smile. "Alright, I'll take your word for it. I'll be waiting to hold my great-grandchild."
Seeing her smile, both Edgar and Veronica felt relieved.
"Try these strawberries, Mrs. Martin Senior. They're fresh and very sweet," Edgar added.
Gloria glanced at the platter. "I don't have much of an appetite. Now that I'm older, I don't enjoy fruit as much anymore.
"Send some over to Skye. She loves strawberries."
Edgar was just about to respond when a maid ran in hurriedly.
"Mrs. Martin Senior, someone is here to see you. He says he's Viola's younger brother."
###chapter1389
 
"What?" Edgar exclaimed in surprise.
Gloria quickly recovered from her own shock. "Invite him in!"
Who would have thought that the person both Alexander and Skylar had been searching for would come looking for her instead?
Viola's younger brother-his name was still a mystery to them.
This mysterious man had stirred up countless storms in Jipsburg over the years.
Edgar reacted swiftly, immediately activating the security cameras. On ordinary days, when it was just Gloria at home, they just turned off the
cameras.
But now, there was an unknown guest whose intentions were unclear. So, every precaution had to be taken.
Then, he texted the security guards outside, instructing them to be on standby.
Once everything was secure, Edgar let out a small sigh of relief. But he wasn't completely relaxed. He remained vigilant, keeping a close eye on the guest's every move.
After all, this person had a rather ominous reputation. So, everyone had to be on high alert.
Soon, the maid brought the guest in.
He was an elderly man, a few years younger than Gloria. His hair was gray, and he stood around six feet tall. He was slender and had a straight posture.
Wearing silver-framed glasses, he looked like a scholarly gentleman-nothing about him screamed danger at first glance.
So, when Gloria saw the man who said he was Viola's younger brother, she was slightly surprised.
People often said that appearances reflect one's character. But this man didn't look like a bad person.
After a moment of frowning and pondering, Gloria seemed to piece something together.
"So, you're Viola's younger brother."
Kevin gave a faint smile. "I didn't expect that you would still remember me after all these years."
The two elderly figures exchanged glances, momentarily lost in shared memories.
Decades ago, when they were all young, everyone had their own ambitions and dreams. Among them, Viola shone the brightest.
Wherever she went, she earned admiration and respect and quite a few admirers as well. Kevin was one of them.
He joined their circle a little later.
Back then, some people had askot rehe was Viola's brother of a
him
of some sort. 
But Kevin denied it, claiming it was just a coincidence they shared the same last name. As for Viola, she never clarified anything either 
UMS
Gloria, who was always observant, would occasionally notice
et
something odd in Kevin's gaze toward Viola. It was like that of men who were infatuated with Viola a look of adoration and obsession. 
At that time, Kevin was also skilled at restoring antiques, though slightly less accomplished than Viola.
###chapter1390
 
Later, for reasons unknown, Kevin and Viola had a massive argument. After that, Kevin left Jipsburg and disappeared entirely. He never showed up again in any of their circles of friends.
Initially, people speculated about what could have caused the fallout between Kevin and Viola. However, over time, everyone forgot about him.
Even when news broke a few years ago that Viola's younger brother was the mastermind behind the spread of cursed artifacts, no one connected it to Kevin.
If Gloria hadn't seen him in person today, she wouldn't have remembered him either.
"When you left Jipsburg back then, we were still friends. Why have you been hurting everyone these past few years?
"Do you know how many people have suffered accidents from the cursed artifacts you deliberately sent out? Some even lost their lives!" Gloria couldn't suppress her anger and confronted him directly.
Thinking back, their interactions with Kevin had been pleasant, without any significant issues.
At that time, Kevin was already quite successful in his career. Under such circumstances, what resentment could he harbor that would drive him to harm his old friends decades later, even stirring up chaos across Jipsburg?
Kevin remained smiling throughout her accusations, showing no trace of guilt or remorse.
"Friends? Did you really consider me a friend? At our age, there's no need to keep secrets.
"When you found out I liked Viola, you thought I wasn't worthy of her. I subtly asked you once-if I were Viola's brother, would you give us your blessing?
"But what did you say? You said Viola didn't like me. And besides, if I were her brother, she would never have feelings for me in this lifetime." As Kevin spoke, his eyes burned with hatred.
Even after so many years, every detail of those events was etched in his memory. The bitterness in his heart had not diminished in the slightest. Gloria was taken aback by his words. "Did you ask us back then?"
She had no recollection of such a conversation. Perhaps it had been too long ago, and any offhand remarks would have long since been forgotten. But now, Kevin's words revealed that he had clung to these memories for decades.
If such casual words from the past had truly sparked the series of tragedies in recent years, wasn't Kevin's reaction too over?
Seeing that Gloria appeared to have forgotten everything, Kevin squinted his eyes and let out a cold laugh.
"Back then every one of you relied on your powerful families, acting high and mighty. You pretended to be friends with me on the surface, but in reality, you looked down on me 
"The only thing that mattered was benefits.
UMS
"Viola could bring you more benefits, so you valued her more. All of you claimed to be her friends, but none of you could stand to see her happy! "Those men who pursued her each one more frivolous than the last-only wanted to gain something from her. Who among them could compare to my true feelings for her?"
Even after decades, notions like sibling relationships or societal norms held no weight compared to his feelings in Kevin's mind.
The fact that his feelings went unreciprocated only fueled his resentment.
After Kevin finished speaking, Edgar and Veronica's expressions shifted dramatically. They regretted their initial impressions of him.
Now, his face was twisted with malice, and his demeanor radiated a sense of unsettling madness. It made him look deeply disturbed and frightening. Gloria drew in a sharp breath. "This is all in your head! We never thought that way. Besides, you were siblings. You know what your true relationship with Viola was.
"Even if we did say at the time that you and Viola were impossible, it was because Viola herself had no feelings for you. She only saw you as a brother."
"Bullshit!" Kevin roared.
Gloria's face darkened. "You caused so much harm to so many people over something like this. Aren't you being too selfish? Why did you only remember the one thing that you didn't like and forget about all the good things we did for you?" 
"Were you good to me? Your pity was nothing but a way to make yourselves feel superior, treating me like some beggar to feed your sense of self-importance! Why should I be grateful for that? 
"If you truly cared, why didn't you support me and Viola? All of you are just hypocrites!" Kevin lashed out.
###chapter1391
 
Kevin's question left Gloria stunned.
She suddenly realized how pitiful Kevin was. It would seem that Kevin himself didn't even recognize how obsessive he had become. He had spent his entire life trapped in this one matter.
Everyone else had moved forward, but only Kevin was stuck in the past.
Gloria restrained her anger for a moment, carefully observing Kevin. "Tell me what you want. I doubt you came here just to reminisce about the past. You must have a purpose."
Kevin quickly masked the hatred in his eyes.
"I'm sick and don't have long to live. Before I go, I want to meet the child that Viola raised, Skylar, right?" Kevin said.
Gloria immediately narrowed her eyes, scrutinizing Kevin with evident wariness. She didn't trust him, even suspecting his motives.
Why did he want to meet Skylar? Was it simply because she had been raised by Viola?
Kevin wasn't surprised to see the guarded look in Gloria's eyes. So, he continued, "If you let me meet her, I'll tell her where the remaining cursed artifacts are."
Gloria's brows furrowed even deeper.
"I can see your fate. You should have died two years ago, but you've managed to live until now. It's likely because of Skylar. She's really intriguing— just as extraordinary as Viola's choice," Kevin said with a smile.
Gloria's expression changed.
Edgar couldn't hold back anymore. "What nonsense are you spouting? Mrs. Martin Senior is perfectly fine! She'll live to be at least 100 years old!" "Exactly! Stop saying such ridiculous things to scare her. We don't believe a word you say!" Veronica added quickly.
For some reason, they both felt that Kevin exuded an unsettling air of malice. And his words sent chills down their spines.
What did he mean by saying Gloria should have died two years ago? What exactly was this man plotting?
Skylar had originally planned to go
with
variet lie to a live taping of a
show. They had family
to attend the
en.kikistori om
It was a performance-based variety
program featuring many traineese
Charles and Austin had been invited-Austin as a mentor and
Charles as his assistant. 
Skylar and Natalie liked several artists, so they were excited to see the performances in person.
However, Skylar received a call from Gloria on her way to work.
Gloria didn't say much over the phone, only asking her to come home as soon as possible.
Worried about Gloria's health, Skylar
requested time off work, explained
the situation to Natalie, and
vel
immediately headed to Avalon
Residence. 
When she arrived, she realized there was a guest. It was an elderly man.
But the room was silent.
The old man stared at her with a gaze that felt inexplicably strange. It had a kind of oddity that left Skylar feeling uneasy.
Suddenly, a thought struck her. She had seen this man before!
###chapter1392
 
It seemed like Skylar had seen the elderly man in some videos.
Just as she was wondering, Kevin spoke, "I've only seen you in videos and photos before. Now that I've met you in person, I understand why Viola chose to pass all her knowledge to you. In some ways, you're quite similar to her."
"Alright, now that you've seen Skylar, you have to keep your promise! Skylar and Viola are both upright and kind people. They have nothing to say to you," Gloria said coldly.
Every word she spoke was laced with a clear sense of distrust toward Kevin.
Skylar glanced at Gloria before turning to Kevin. "You're Grandma Viola's younger brother, aren't you?"
She didn't expect the person they had been searching for all this time to show up on his own. And not just anywhere—he had come to Avalon Residence and sought Gloria out.
Kevin nodded in satisfaction. "You're smart to figure out who I am. And you've managed to locate so many of my artifacts and deal with them properly. You truly are capable.
"However, your achievements today are largely due to Viola's sacrifice. She was willing to give up her life for you."
Kevin's expression had grown contorted and sinister by the time he finished speaking.
Sensing that something was wrong, Gloria called out, "Skylar, come over here quickly."
Hearing this, Skylar was about to move toward Gloria when Kevin suddenly threw his head back and laughed.
His laughter sent chills down everyone's spines. It was a chilling, indescribable kind of horror.
"Viola protected her with her life. I won't harm her. What are you afraid of?" Kevin looked at Gloria, his eyes filled with mockery.
Skylar's face turned pale. Others might not understand what Kevin meant by his words, but she did.
The reason she was given a second chance at life was because Viola had sacrificed her own.
"Do you want to know why you can sense cursed artifacts?" Kevin asked, staring intently at Skylar.
Skylar's expression changed again.
Gloria immediately shouted in anger,
et
"Kevin! Get out of here! What nonsense are you spouting? I shouldn't have trusted you. You're nothing but a liar. You should check yourself into a mental hospital and see a psychiatrist!" 
She had figured it out by now. The cursed artifacts Kevin used these past years were either meant to force Viola to reappear or were. specifically aimed at Skylar. But she still couldn't tell what exactly Kevin wanted. 
One thing was clear-this man was mentally unwell! He couldn't be trusted at all!
Kevin rolled his eyes at Gloria like a mischievous child. "Why so dramatic? Do you think it's still decades ago, back when you were young?
"Viola protected her with her life-I wouldn't harm her even if all of you tried to. Do you understand that now?"
Hearing this, Gloria was momentarily stunned. What did he mean by that?
The Kevin from decades ago was nothing like this. Now, he seemed completely unhinged. However, it appeared that Kevin truly bore no malice toward Skylar.
Even Skylar, despite her doubts, could sense that Kevin seemed to mean her no harm.
"I do want to know," Skylar replied.
Ever since her rebirth, it felt as though her senses had changed.
net
Her ability to perceive ancient artifacts had become clearer than ever. She relied solely on the knowledge she had learned from Viola previously. But after her rebirth, she could genuinely see the stories behind these artifacts. 
This was something she had never told anyone.
"That's because Viola gave everything to you. She saw you as her granddaughter or perhaps as her successor.
"Over the years, I've been searching for a disciple to inherit my knowledge, but one after another, they were all too foolish and incompetent. Viola was luckier than me. She found you.
"Years ago, I knew that even if I used cursed artifacts to force her to reappear, she wouldn't come out of her hiding. It's highly likely it was because she had lost her ability."
Kevin's voice softened as he spoke. He lifted his gaze to stare at a distance, as if he was looking at someone. The tone he used was uncharacteristically gentle.
###chapter1393
 
Skylar turned pale. She seemed to understand everything suddenly.
She was able to be reborn because of Viola. Her ability to sense ancient and cursed artifacts also came from her.
"You were able to make her sacrifice so much for you. And since I have spent all these years loving her unwaveringly, it's worth my efforts to do something for the person she loved with her life.
"You've done well these past few years. If it weren't for you being distracted by Joe, you could have achieved even more. I refrained from making any moves in recent years because I sympathized with you losing your loved one," Kevin continued.
Skylar was stunned. "The cursed artifacts you made these past years were all so I could identify them?"
Besides...
What did he just say? He loved Viola?
Skylar's mind was suddenly overwhelmed by countless revelations, leaving her in disbelief.
"Otherwise, would you have grown so quickly? You must undergo real, practical trials to develop your senses," Kevin said indifferently, entirely unconcerned about how shocking his words were.
To him, any means used were justifiable in order to achieve his goals. He only cared about the people important to him-everyone else was insignificant.
Gloria was equally shocked. "You're insane! Do you have any idea how many people have died because of you?"
"Even without those cursed artifacts, they would have died. I've planned everything. Besides, some of them secretly committed a lot of dirty deeds. If Heaven won't punish them, then I will. At least I'm happy doing it," Kevin said without a shred of guilt on his face.
Everything was perfectly normal to him. In his twisted logic, as long as these people's deaths helped his and Viola's disciple grow, their deaths were worth it.
Kevin turned back to Skylar and said, "Do you know why I come to you now?"
Skylar felt her mind go blank after being bombarded with so much information. She could only shake her head stiffly.
"You shouldn't have ignored my words. If you and Joe had divorced three years ago, your life would be completely different now. But you're just as stubborn as I am.
vel
"When I love someone, I love them for a lifetime there's no room for anyone else. You're now pregnant but you'd better terminate the pregnancy within three days because you won't be able to keep this baby." 
As Kevin spoke, he frowned in dissatisfaction while fixing his gaze on Skylar's abdomen.
He didn't foresee that Skylar would get pregnant at this point.
Skylar's expression changed drastically as she instinctively placed her hands over her belly.
She was pregnant?
Ever since returning to Jipsburg, she and Joe hadn't been taking precautions. She knew pregnancy was a possibility but didn't expect it to happen so quickly.
Gloria's eyes lit up at the mention of a baby, but her face immediately darkened when she heard Kevin's suggestion to terminate the pregnancy.
She glared at him and said, "What do
net
you mean by that? Are you incapable of letting others live a happy life? The baby in Skylar's belly is my great-grandchild, and you're telling her to abort it? Do you know how much harm an abortion does to a woman's body?" 
et
Kevin rolled his eyes before replying, "What a nonsensical sentiment. You know nothing! Do you know your grandson wasn't even supposed to be alive? He should have died in the car accident three years ag
"The only reason he survived was because of Skylar. Their marriage completely altered Joe's fate. But this child cannot stay. If the child is born, either Skylar will die or Joe will."
"What did you just say?" Gloria's face turned ashen.
###chapter1394
 
Gloria understood that Kevin was a madman. Everything about him, from his words to his actions, reeked of insanity. Yet, she couldn't shake the feeling that he was being serious.
"Anyway, I won't be alive much longer. I originally planned to write you a letter after I die, but who knew you'd end up pregnant?" Kevin's frustration was palpable. But it seemed he had talked too much today, and he started to cough from exhaustion.
Skylar placed her hands protectively over her abdomen, still struggling to believe that a new life was growing within her. After calculating her cycle, she confirmed that her period was indeed three days late.
Though she had experienced delays in the past, she now believed that she was pregnant.
A child that should be eagerly awaited was now...
Noticing Skylar's dazed expression, Gloria stepped in quickly to support her. "Don't listen to his nonsense! He's crazy, a solitary man who has lived alone his whole life. He can't stand to see others happy, and his words are not to be trusted."
"If I hadn't left a few things at Avalon Residence, Joe would have survived, and his connection with Skylar would have been severed long ago. I do this because of Viola, who wants to see Skylar and Joe together. She enjoys meddling in fate.
"I don't care! That child must not stay. You have to end this pregnancy within three days. And you two can't have another child for at least five years," Kevin spoke with unwavering certainty.
Gloria's face turned ashen. "You! Who would believe your words?"
"Shut up! If all you want is a great-grandchild, then get ready to watch either your grandson die—or Skylar. Make your choice." Kevin was furious. After all these years of hard work, he had done so much just to please Viola. He didn't even know if she could see any of it.
Regardless, Skylar had grown up. Even if someone used negative items against her in the future, she would be able to handle it. After all, he wasn't the only one with such strange abilities in this world.
Skylar's face turned ashen, but she quickly composed herself and reassured Gloria. "Don't worry, Grandma. I'd like to speak with Mr. Zindel Senior alone for a moment."
"What could you possibly have to say to him? He lost his mind. Just look at what he's done over the years. Does any of it seem like something a sane person would do?" She glared at Kevin, clearly disgusted. 
Kevin glared right back before flashing a smile at Skylar. "Smart
choice, you're very smart, Skylar.
et
You know to talk to me alone. That's good some things aren't meant for others to hear. Yes, we should talk privately." 
S
Gloria took a deep breath, clearly fed up. Kevin's antics had long worn her patience thin.
Minutes later, in the orchard at Pearlhall Residence, Skylar picked a few fresh fruits and handed them to Kevin.
However, he waved them away. "My health can't handle that now."
"I believe what you said earlier. But altering fate like this, doing all those things... it's left you with a terminal illness. Was it worth it?" Skylar said, her gaze on Kevin a mix of emotions.
Kevin paused, then let out a laugh.
"Oh, I've lived long enough, and these last few years, I've done as I pleased. Since you believe me, don't get too attached to the child growing inside you At's best to terminate the pregnancy immediately." 
###chapter1395
 
Kevin looked almost like a mischievous old man. His tone shifted unpredictably-serious one moment, almost absurd the next.
The unpredictability of his words made him seem nearly unbelievable. Yet Skylar knew that, somehow, he could be trusted.
"Alright, I've said everything I came to say. You're a smart woman, so you know what you need to do next. I'll take my leave now." Kevin coughed a few times, his face paling, and then he turned and walked out of Pearlhall Residence without another word.
Skylar didn't follow him. She noticed a few black cars parked just beyond the entrance, with men in dark suits stationed by the doors. By their stance, she could tell they were trained bodyguards.
Kevin had come all the way here just to tell her this, urging her to terminate the pregnancy. Skylar rested a hand over her abdomen. As she was lost in thought, Gloria approached her.
"Did he say something crazy again? He was a bit unhinged in his youth, but it wasn't this bad. Now? I can hardly believe a word he says."
Gloria claimed she didn't believe him, yet her eyes were filled with profound worry. If what Kevin said was true, then she didn't want to lose either Skylar or Joe.
Skylar hugged Gloria gently. "Grandma, my period's a few days late. If nothing else, it does seem like I'm pregnant. So, what he said might be true. "Grandma Viola once told me about an acquaintance she knew when she was younger. This person surpassed her in many ways, but unfortunately, he was too fixated on certain things, which made him quite obsessive. I believe the person Grandma Viola mentioned is him."
Skylar spoke with a calm tone as if discussing someone else's situation.
The serene demeanor made Gloria's eyes redden with concern. "Then you... if this child truly comes at the wrong time, you should consider terminating the pregnancy. I don't want anything to happen to you or Joe.
"I just told Joe about this. He'll be here soon after he finishes his work. Let him accompany you to the hospital in the next couple of days." Although she longed to see her great-grandchild in her lifetime, that didn't matter as much as Joe's and Skylar's well-being. Skylar fell silent for a moment.
After several performance battles at the reality show's recording, a stark contrast emerged between those with acting skills and those without. The atmosphere shifted with the participants' performance and the judges' comments, plunging the audience into a myriad of emotions. 
Natalie was left in awe, realizing that this type of reality show tested actors' improvisational skills to an extreme degree.
The audience's reactions could greatly influence the actors' performances. Occasionally, she found herself glancing at Austin.
Perhaps it was because she was
et
viewing her boyfriend through the eyes of a girlfriend, but the more she looked at Austin, the more strikingly me he seemed. 
When it came to his profession, it seemed that no one could match him. He radiated charisma when he spoke, offering guidance on the actors' strengths and weaknesses. 
UMS
Although Charles was also good, he paled in comparison to Austin. She quickly snapped a few photos to send to Skylar. She wondered what Skylar was up to, as she had yet to reply. But she didn't dwell on it too much.
After several hours of recording, during a break, she sneaked into Austin's dressing room.
Seeing him touch up his makeup, she feigned being an enthusiastic fan. "Mr. Powell, can I get your autograph?"
Nearby, Hank was about to shoo her away. But upon realizing who she was, he simply raised an eyebrow in surprise.
###chapter1396
 
Hank glanced over at Austin, his eyes filled with a single thought, "You two really know how to put on a show."
Austin looked back at Natalie and smirked. "An autograph isn't much fun. Come here, and I'll show you what real fun is."
All the makeup artists in the room were part of Austin's crew, so they were well aware of their relationship. Natalie's curiosity was piqued, and she took a step closer.
Just as she opened her mouth to ask what he meant, Austin suddenly reached out, gently pressing her head down as he leaned in and kissed her. Her eyes widened in surprise. "What on earth!"
As Austin deepened the kiss, the makeup artist and Hank exchanged glances and discreetly looked away.
It was as if everyone else in the room had vanished, their presence utterly ignored. Austin and Natalie seemed to be in a world of their own, entirely unconcerned about the eyes on them.
The display was so intense that it left everyone else feeling awkward, as if they had just been fed an uncomfortable dose of romance.
As Austin kissed Natalie, his thoughts drifted back to just a few moments ago when he had been up on stage, going over a few techniques with the trainees.
He had caught Natalie watching him, her eyes bright with admiration. In that instant, he was in awe. He couldn't believe that Natalie was finally his. For a moment, he felt an indescribable happiness. He wouldn't have let her go so easily if no one had knocked on the door.
Not that they hadn't kissed before but this time, the kiss left Natalie feeling completely dizzy and disoriented.
By the time she regained her balance, Austin had already let her go and helped her steady herself, his hand still lingering on her waist.
"Mr. Powell, recording resumes in ten minutes."
Austin replied in a low voice, "Got it."
Natalie finally came to her senses and whispered to Austin, "You'd really dare to do that here?"
With both Hank and the makeup artist right there, she felt mortified beyond belief.
"I'm heading back now," she murmured. Her face flushed, still not daring to meet anyone's eyes.
After a quick goodbye to Austin, she slipped out. On her way back to the recording set, she happened to pass by Charles' dressing room, and loud voices caught her attention.
"What gives you the right to direct me? Who do you think you are? You were just my stand-in a few years ago, and now you dare to tell me what to do? I know exactly how you got here. 
"How many older women did you cozy up to? Everyone's saying you're just a kiss-up to the higher-ups. Pathetic!"
The foul insults made Natalie frown. Charles was Skylar's older brother, making him her brother too, and these slanderous remarks were outrageous. Charles had climbed his way up through sheer talent and determination. Some people were just filth, assuming everyone else was the same as them.
Austin had often told Natalie that Charles was one of the most talented actors he knew.
She recognized the voice now.
.n
During the recording of the show earlier, Cassian Larson had praised Charles in front of everyone. He talked about how impressive Charles' acting skills had become over the past few years. 
The compliments sounded very flattering. Not long after the recording ended, Cassian came over to start yelling at Charles. Natalie wondered if he had no sense of decency.
"Are you just sharing your own
experience? don't know how many
et
people you've climbed over, but I have a few names. Should I list them
so you can see if any sound
e
familiar? Let's start with Sapphire
Wintringham..." 
Charles's voice didn't sound angry. Instead, it was quite calm. However, his words instantly weakened Cassian's momentum, who had just been yelling.
"You... You're talking nonsense! Who told you that?"
"Who said it isn't what matters? What matters is that you're just a cowardly fake," Charles replied with a sneer.
###chapter1397
 
Cassian yelled angrily, "Hey, Charles, don't get too carried away! Do you think I can't make you regret it overnight?"
Charles rolled his eyes in exasperation. "Bullshit!"
"You!"
Outside the door, Natalie was furious and almost barged in to see what was happening. However, she was taken aback when she heard Charles effortlessly put Cassian in his place with just a few words.
What had started as a domineering confrontation quickly deflated as Cassian found himself speechless, unsure of how to respond.
Natalie couldn't help but smile. Skylar and Charles were truly siblings.
She had heard from Skylar that Charles wasn't the kind of person who would let anyone push him around. If someone wanted to bully Charles, they'd better be prepared to take a hit. There weren't many who could beat Charles in a flight.
Sure enough, she could hear the commotion inside. Cassian was throwing punches. But it was clear he wasn't even close to landing a hit on Charles.
"Want to hit me? Have you bothered to ask around? Did I use a stand-in for any of my fight scenes in the movie I just filmed? If you got bruised, it's only because I'm showing some grace to the production team.
"Now get the hell out! If you stick around for another minute, I swear I'll knock you out!" Charles taunted as he playfully slapped Cassian's cheek. The sound of the slap echoed in the room, clearly showing he was putting some force behind it. Cassian, likely startled, didn't dare say anything further.
After listening for a while, Natalie decided not to eavesdrop any longer and walked away.
Meanwhile, Charles was growing impatient as Cassian stood frozen in shock.
"You don't want to leave? You really want to get hit again?" Charles asked angrily.
Cassian finally realized that Charles was serious and quickly scrambled to his feet, pushing the door open to escape.
Watching Cassian flee, Charles felt incredibly exasperated. Seeing someone so focused on petty drama rather than honing their acting skills while questioning others' dedication to their craft was frustrating.
He would have genuinely considered throwing a punch if they weren't in a television station recording.
Cassian had always looked down on
him when Charles was used as a stand-in, avoiding any dangerous or physically demanding scenes by relying on someone else to take the risk. 
Yet, he would boast about his dedication during promotions, overshadowing everyone else with his so-called brilliance in the spotlight.
It was ridiculous that he dared to come and confront him. Charles took a few deep breaths.
He looked at himself in the mirror and fixed his hair. As a dedicated artist, he believed in fully committing to his work once he took on a job.
He hadn't expected to encounter an
elne
old acquaintance while filming a reality show. Moreover, it was
someone he had never had a good impression of. 
et
Fortunately, the only reason he participated in this reality show was because of Austin. This time,
wasn't in vain. He could learn."
from Austin. 
lot
...
In the hospital, Skylar glanced at the test results. The blood test confirmed that she was pregnant.
The baby inside her was four weeks along.
The doctor mentioned that her progesterone levels were a bit low and prescribed some medication.
Holding the examination report and her medical record, she experienced a moment of blankness, unsure of what to do next.
For a while, she had been looking forward to having a child. Yet now, despite the confirmation of the pregnancy, she knew the baby couldn't stay.
As she sat in the hospital corridor, lost in thought while staring at the report, she suddenly noticed a shadow approaching.
Looking up, she saw Joe.
"Grandma just filled me in on everything. Do you think we can trust Kevin's words?" Joe asked.
###chapter1398
 
Joe's gaze slowly fell on the blood test report in Skylar's hand. It was hard to imagine that a child—one that shared both their blood-was growing inside her.
Skylar stood up and said, "Let's talk about this when we're home."
The child belonged to both of them, and they had to discuss it properly. Besides, the time left for them was running short.
On the way home, they sat together in the backseat while Lucas took them home. Skylar looked out the window at the passing scenery, silent and contemplative, barely glancing in Joe's direction.
But Joe held her hand firmly the entire ride. Their feelings were complicated and overwhelming.
At first glance, it seemed they were waiting until they were ready to decide. But in reality, only one choice was available to them. No one could understand the pain and inner conflict they were both experiencing at this moment.
Finally, they arrived at their new home.
Skylar went to pour two glasses of water. They both sat down.
Taking a sip, Skylar found the water perfectly warm. Joe took a few sips, too, breaking the silence before she could.
"I'll handle the arrangements with the hospital. You don't need to worry about it. I'll make sure you won't feel any pain. Since we can have children after five years, let's wait another five years. Honestly, I'm enjoying having this time with you. I don't want anything coming between us right now-not even our child."
Hearing this, Skylar looked up, her eyes red. "I thought about it the whole way here, trying to find a way to keep this child. But... I know we can't." Whether it was her or Joe, their lives felt borrowed, a second chance paid for by a price too high to recount.
"Don't think too much about it. In five years, this child will come back to us. It's my fault. If I hadn't been in that car accident three years ago, maybe we'd have a child already." Joe placed all the blame on himself, his voice heavy with regret.
Only this way could Joe make Skylar feel a bit better. Hearing his words, she choked up and whispered, "It's my fault too."
If she had realized sooner what she and Joe were up against, maybe she wouldn't have so easily let herself become pregnant. Joe gripped her hand tightly.
"We'll wait the five years. We'll have our child then," he said with quiet conviction.
Skylar looked up, meeting Joe's gaze. They both understood that these five years would be a long and difficult test for them both.
"The day after tomorrow, I'll go to the hospital." Skylar finally made up her mind.
She would take these next few days to feel the bond with her unborn child. They could get to know each
other, and in five years, she would be ready to welcome him or he again. 
At Pearlhall Residence, the night was quiet and still. Gloria had barely touched her dinner and now lay in bed after taking a shower, unable to fall asleep. 
She tossed and turned, unable to settle.
Edgar usually slept in the next room. Standing outside, he could hear Gloria tossing and turning. He couldn't help but sigh to himself.
No one could have anticipated that life would pay for such a cruel joke on Skylar and Joe.
It truly broke Gloria's heart. She had
been looking forward to having a great-grandchild for so long, and now that she finally had one, Skylar couldn't keep it. 
Joe and Skylar were both heartbroken, but Gloria felt their pain even more acutely-perhaps even more than they did.
"Edgar, stop standing out there sighing and go to bed," Gloria suddenly said from inside the room.
###chapter1399
 
Gloria seemed to have eyes on the door, observing every move Edgar made. He wasn't surprised when she spoke up.
"Alright, Mrs. Martin Senior. It's getting late, so you should try to rest."
Edgar couldn't shake the feeling that Gloria had endured far too much in her life. This latest event was not just another blow. It stripped away some of her hope for the future.
She had been holding on by sheer force of will.
While she didn't mention it, the doctor had also advised her to maintain a good mood. However, Edgar had privately consulted with the doctor and learned that Gloria was truly just clinging to life by a thread.
Her perseverance stemmed from Joe not recovering his memory and her desire to see her great-grandchild. That belief was what kept her going. But now, the timeframe had shifted from months to five long years.
Five years was an eternity for Joe and Skylar, but the same couldn't be said for Gloria. Edgar could sense that her strength was waning, which only deepened his worry.
After she heard the door of the room next door close, Gloria let out a soft sigh.
She knew that Kevin's words earlier in the day were truthful. However, his bluntness made it hard to accept. According to him, she and Joe should have already passed away.
The fact that they were still alive was thanks to Skylar. There were likely unspoken truths in Kevin's comments, such as his realization that Gloria wouldn't last much longer.
"Oh, God, please be kinder to Joe. Don't let him and Skylar endure so much suffering, or I won't be able to leave in peace," Gloria whispered, her eyes glistening with tears.
Skylar and Joe had faced far too many hardships.
The following day, when Skylar went
1.n
to work, she took the initiative to discuss Kevin with Alexander. She informed him that he no longer needed to search for Kevin as Ke would no longer use negative items
to harm anyone. 
"Just because he says he won't harm anyone doesn't mean he actually won't. I can't believe that Viola's brother is him! I had completely forgotten about him.
"That man has no integrity. His
words can't be taken at face value. When he claims he won't use
negative items to harm anyone, i et
might just be a tactic to lower our guard while he continues his harmful schemes," he added. 
Alexander's expression was one of understanding mixed with disbelief.
Years of dealing with negative items
had turned his disdain for the mastermind behind them into an all-consuming rage. The realization that this mastermind was an old acquaintance only fueled his
frustration further. 
As Skylar pondered for a moment and was about to explain why they should trust Kevin's words, she noticed Alexander's eyes suddenly widened, as if struck by a revelation.
"I just remembered something. What if Kevin is impersonating someone to make us believe he's Viola's brother? What if he isn't related to her?
"I remember him mentioning that he liked Viola, and we all urged him to drop the idea. It was because we felt his personality was too obsessive, too prone to extremes.
"He absolutely isn't Viola's brother. The person manipulating these negative items must have pushed him into the spotlight to divert our attention away from their real intentions."
The more Alexander thought about it, the more convinced he became.
###chapter1400
 
Skylar's expression flickered briefly before she began to speak calmly, "Mr. Zindel Senior really is Grandma Viola's brother. The negative items he placed were meant to train me. He admitted this himself yesterday at Pearlhall Residence. Besides, Grandma Viola once..."
She explained methodically, without a rush or hesitation. Alexander's face gradually turned to one of shock as he listened. It took him quite some time to process her words.
When he finally found his voice, he had already started to accept Skylar's words. "So, it does make sense. He's always been capable of such things. Kevin only cares about the people he deems worthy of his attention and will pursue whatever he wants without thinking about whether it's reasonable or not.
"Everything he does is driven by his whims. Other people's lives mean nothing to him. But he's deranged. To think he even harbored feelings for his sister."
Just as he finished speaking, something else crossed his mind. "You mentioned he doesn't have long to live, right?"
Skylar nodded. "Yes. His actions went against the natural order, and he's suffering from a backlash. He's now terminally ill. Still, he warned that many negative items remain out there. We need to stay vigilant."
Skylar's feelings about Kevin were complicated. To him, she was like a disciple he had shaped through his twisted trials. He even revealed himself to protect her, not wanting her to lose her life over some supernatural threat.
However, from Skylar's perspective, Kevin's actions were far too reckless and cruel. He treated the fortunes and lives of others as pawns in a game, using them however he pleased.
Faced with someone like him, she didn't know whether to despise him or feel grateful.
Alexander's expression grew more serious. "You're right. Still, that man is unbelievably petty. Back then, we all had our disagreements with him. There were arguments whenever we gathered, but no one bore him any real malice.
"Yet he held a grudge and has used negative items to harm so many people over the years! The more I think about it, the angrier I get. I can't take this. I need to go outside for a walk to cool off. Otherwise, I'll never be able to calm down."
Just as he reached the door, another thought struck him, and he turned back to Skylar.
"You must be just as shaken by all this. Why not take a few days off and rest before coming back to work?"
Alexander was already furious at Kevin's twisted behavior. If he was this outraged, he could only imagine how much worse it must have been for Skylar.
Skylar's expression remained serious. "Mr. Gardner Senior, I actually need to take an extended leave."
She needed time to rest and recover properly after the surgery.
Alexander paused, his brows
furrowing deeply. "Are you keeping
e2
something from me? Skylar, if there's anything else, just say it, Did Kevin tell you something that made you uncomfortable or upset? 
Swnow
Skylar hadn't expected Alexander to catch on so quickly. For a moment, she didn't know whether to laugh or feel exasperated.
But there was no need to hide anything from him. If she didn't explain everything now, he would only end up overthinking, and that wouldn't be good for everyone.
So, she laid everything out clearly.
As she spoke, Alexander's eyes widened with each revelation. He finally frowned deeply. "He told you to get rid of the baby? How could he even say something like that? Are you sure he's not deliberately trying to hurt people? 
"We can't take his words at face value. If only Viola were still around. She'd see right through his lies in an instant."
"It's true," Skylar said solemnly.
Alexander's gaze darkened, and he
let out a sigh. "Alright, then. I approve your leave request. Take all the time you need to recover. Don't worry about rushing back to work. 
"And if anything else comes up, let me know right away. As for Kevin... you don't have to deal with him anymore."

###chapter1401
 
Skylar nodded. "Alright."
Alexander looked at Skylar's calm demeanor and realized he might have gotten too worked up just now.
After all, compared to Skylar, she was the one who had the most reason to be angry. As for him, he was merely disgusted by Kevin's twisted behavior and attitude.
But for Skylar, it was different. She had become an inescapable part of Kevin's deranged schemes, trapped in his mess with no way out.
As soon as the phone connected, both Alexander and Gloria sighed heavily at the same time.
Gloria started first. "Did Skye tell you everything?"
Alexander replied, "Yes, she did. Can you believe Kevin? He's completely insane. He wants to mold Skylar into something, but did he even consider her feelings?
"And now that she's pregnant, he actually had the nerve to show up and say all that nonsense about her not keeping her own child. He's more unhinged than he was decades ago!"
Gloria sighed deeply.
Alexander clenched his teeth. "So, what do we do next? Are we just going to let him get away with everything he's done? After all the horrible things he's caused?"
Gloria replied solemnly, "Some things are too complicated, and there's no solid proof linking him directly to the deaths. Besides, he's terminally ill. He won't be around much longer, which I supposed is his own kind of retribution."
Alexander seethed, "It's far too easy for him. A man like that shouldn't even exist in this world. If he has to die, it shouldn't be so simple or painless." They both fumed with anger toward Kevin, but they knew that venting wouldn't solve anything, given their age and the reality of life. It only provided temporary relief for the fury boiling inside.
In the end, they would still have to face the chaos head-on. They had weathered many storms over the years and knew all too well that certain matters couldn't be easily unraveled.
Their rage began to settle, replaced
with a practical calmness. They started thinking about the next steps and the inevitable challenges ahead. People like Kevin were everywhere. 
UMS
Even if one was gone, another could take his place. And unfortunately, there were some things they simply couldn't change, no matter how much they wanted to.
In the future, it would be the younger generation who had to face the world, their era long gone. Both Gloria and Alexander understood this all too well.
Now, all that remained was a deep concern for Skylar and Joe.
"How's your health..." Alexander hesitated to ask.
Gloria seemed to have come to terms with everything. With a gentle smile, she said, "Reaching this age is already quite a blessing. My health hasn't been great since I was young. 
"I used to think I would be the first to leave among my friends. But here I am, still alive today. That is more than enough."
After hearing Gloria's words, Alexander understood completely. He realized yet another friend was nearing the end.
"Just hold on a little longer. At least wait until Joe regains his memory, or perhaps until you can see your great-grandchild in a few years," he urged gently.
With a cheerful smile, Gloria replied, "Alright, I'll hang on a bit longer."
At Avalon Residence, the sound of coughing echoed through the first-floor living room. Each harsh cough seemed as if it could bring up his very lungs.
The others in the room felt their hearts race with every cough that escaped Ernest.
et
Just then, Claudio returned home. Upon seeing Ernest's pale face, he frowned. "Grandpa, if this continues, we should go to the hospital You can't keep enduring this." 
###chapter1402
 
Their family members seemed to be reaching their breaking point. Listening to the sound of Ernest's cough was truly disheartening, leaving no desire to return home.
Things had been overwhelming recently, and Joe was pressing harder than ever.
Now, the CEO of the Martin Group felt anxious every day. He had tried to find someone to deal with Joe, but no one dared take on that job.
Recently, the companies Claudio had set up with several of his uncles faced problems. In fact, these issues had been ongoing for years, but they had been patching up one problem after another. Now, they were quietly selling off their shares in the Martin Group.
Claudio was already overwhelmed, and on top of that, Ernest continued to create various troubles for him, which was incredibly frustrating.
After listening to Claudio's words, Ernest's irritation flared. He glared at Claudio and said, "Go to the hospital? What good will that do? If it weren't for all of you being so incompetent, I wouldn't be this exhausted.
"I don't want to see Joe! He's always been annoying, and yet all of you are worse than him."
He knew better than anyone that his recent illness was entirely due to Joe's return, which was driving him mad.
Moreover, he was the brother of the CEO of the Martin Group. Although they had never been close since childhood, he had relentlessly pressured his brother since returning to the company in recent years, trying to take his shares.
Before, he hadn't felt the pressure because there had been no comparison, but now he realized that Joe wasn't that bad after all.
If only his sons and grandsons had some skills, he could enjoy a peaceful retirement tending to his garden and playing chess. Instead, he found himself worrying more than he ever did when he was younger.
Claudio's expression shifted slightly as he frowned and retorted, "If Joe were so capable, would he have lost his memory for years abroad? Grandpa, he's not as great as you think. Don't glorify him."
"You!" Ernest was infuriated, unable to contain his anger. He started coughing violently, nearly choking.
"Grandpa, please take care of
yourself. Don't get upset. We can handle a lot of issues at home. You should focus on getting better and maybe even take a trip to a resort. It could help your health," Claudio said with a neutral expression. 
Ernest's face darkened even further after hearing Claudio's words. He was so furious that he couldn't find the words to respond.
His favorite grandson dared to speak to him like that. It was utterly disrespectful.
Claudio noticed Ernest's anger, but he wasn't in the mood to placate him. With the recent financial issues plaguing the company, he was already overwhelmed. He simply didn't have the time or energy to comfort an old man. 
Moreover, Ernest often lectured him on various matters, and he was tired of it.
Claudio was completely unaware of his mistakes. Seeing him turn on his heel and walk away infuriated Ernest and caused him to break into a fit of coughing again. A nearby maid initially froze in surprise but quickly moved to pat Ernest on the back to help him catch his breath, 
Back in his own room, Claudio immediately made a phone call.
"Not enough? Then I'll sell some more shares."
After hanging up, he angrily tossed his phone across the room. He refused to believe he couldn't turn the tide.
At the hospital, in a ward, Skylar had just undergone a uterine tissue removal surgery. She felt weak and drained.
Technically, she could have been discharged right after the surgery, but Joe had insisted on keeping her in the hospital for observation.
Joe's expression was cold and stern as he watched Skylar sleep. Still, a hint of pain flickered in his eyes.
###chapter1403
 
Howard noticed Joe's look and quietly said, "Mrs. Martin's health is fine. She just needs to take care of herself, and it won't affect her chances of getting pregnant in the future."
If it hadn't been for Skylar's sudden, unbearable abdominal pain that brought her to the hospital for an examination, they wouldn't have discovered that she was experiencing an ectopic pregnancy.
Fortunately, they arrived at the hospital in time, and she was able to undergo the surgical abortion. Joe nodded in response. "You can go now." After Howard left, Joe sat down beside the bed and took Skylar's hand in his own.
Having just undergone a surgical abortion, Skylar's hands felt cold from lying on the chilly operating table. He gently rubbed her hand to warm it up. Under his soothing touch, Skylar's hand began to regain some warmth.
Skylar hadn't slept for too long. When she woke up, she saw Joe sitting next to her, holding her hand.
After a brief rest, she felt much better. "Let's go home," she said softly.
Upon hearing her words, Joe immediately looked at her with concern. "Why don't you sleep a bit longer? There's no rush to go home. You just had surgery, and you're still weak. You need to rest."
"It was a minor procedure, and there's no major issue. I just need some time at home to recuperate. It's much more comfortable there. I can't get used to the hospital bed," Skylar replied.
When she learned she was pregnant, she had come to the hospital for an examination. Although she hadn't had an ultrasound, the blood tests indicated that her pregnancy was progressing well.
But today, it unexpectedly turned into an ectopic pregnancy, and she understood that this was the only choice fate had left her. Perhaps the baby was simply too considerate, not wanting to put her in a difficult position.
Joe said gently, "Alright, I'll talk to the doctor."
"Okay."
An hour later, they returned home.
Veronica happened to be there when they arrived home.
net
Skylar was a bit surprised to see Veronica, who quickly explained, "Mrs. Martin Senior asked me to come. She said you've grown accustomed to my cooking. I'll be taking care of your meals for the next little while to ensure you recover well." 
"Thank you, Veronica. I appreciate it," Skylar replied, not wanting to run down Gloria's thoughtful gesture.
After undergoing a surgical abortion, she needed to focus on her recovery. Veronica looked at her with concern.
Skylar's experiences over the past
few years had truly been
heart-wrenching. Fortunately, 
had returned and was treating her welt. 
UMS
Their relationship was strong, and the rest could be left to time.
Joe helped Skylar back to their bedroom. Once she lay down, he asked, "Would you like some water? Are you hungry?"
Seeing his attentive care, Skylar felt warmth in her heart. She smiled and nodded. "I'm not hungry, but I'm really thirsty." "I'll get you some water," Joe said, heading to the kitchen.
A few minutes later, he returned with a glass of water.
Skylar took a couple of sips, and the dryness in her throat eased a bit Looking at Joe, who seemed worried for her, she reassured him. "Don't worry about me. I'm feeling much better now." 
Joe smiled back. "I don't have any work today. I'll stay home and rest with you."
Skylar understood the situation immediately.
###chapter1404
 
Joe was still worried about Skylar.
Joe got into bed and wrapped his arms around Skylar. She could hear his heartbeat.
The strong rhythm of his heart brought a sense of comfort to her. "In five years, we will have another child," Joe said softly.
Skylar felt a flutter in her heart. "Okay, let's look forward to that. Is there anything I can help you with on your end?"
Joe had been busy these past few days, leaving early and returning late. Even Paul posted on Instagram, commenting on how intense and demanding his life had been recently.
Everything Joe faced was a challenge, but none seemed insurmountable for him.
It made sense. For Paul, who had endured three years of a hellish life, and for Joe, who had started from scratch over the past three years, the difficulties they faced now were far from daunting.
"I can handle everything. For now, you need to stay home and focus on recovering. I'll take care of the rest," Joe said, gently ruffling Skylar's hair. Her hair was always so soft and smooth.
Being with her made everything chaotic seem peaceful. It made him want to protect her even more.
Sometimes, he felt guilty, believing he had wasted too much time during those three years, which had left Martin Group in its current state and cost him the three years that should have been spent with her.
Joe's gaze turned deeper as he got lost in his thoughts.
Janine hadn't known about Skylar's ectopic pregnancy until she noticed Skylar's pale complexion during their video call. Concerned, she asked about
it.
When Janine learned it was an ectopic pregnancy, she couldn't sit still. "I'm coming to see you. You just had surgery, so make sure you take care of yourself. Rest as if you're in confinement."
"Grandma sent Veronica to take care of me, so don't worry, Mom," Skylar quickly replied, wanting to reassure Janine.
Hearing that someone would be there to look after her eased Janine's worries, but she still felt concerned.
Skylar's health had been fragile a few years ago due to her frequent blood donations, which left her weak for some time. However, after some time of recovery, her health O improved significantly. 
Now, after all these years, Janine had thought her body would be in good shape.
However, it was concerning that her first pregnancy had turned out to be ectopic. After the call ended, Janine quickly went online to check things out. Noticing that her kitchen was well-stocked, she hurried to prepare some soup.
After a while, someone suddenly rang the doorbell. She adjusted the flame on the stove and went to open the door.
When she saw Ted standing at her doorstep, she was taken aback. "Ted?"
Ted smiled warmly. "Janine, I've been busy these past few days and haven't had the chance to visit. I happened to be passing by and thought I'd check in on you."
Janine was momentarily stunned
before snapping back to reality.
"Have you eaten dinner yet? I just
finished making a simple dinner with a couple of home-cooked dishes." 
UMS
Ted didn't hesitate, pushing up his glasses. "Not yet."
"Perfect! Come in," Janine said immediately.
Ted followed Janine inside. As he stepped in and noticed the home's light luxury minimalist decor, a smile tugged at his lips.
It matched Janine's style perfectly. When he first met Janine two years ago, he hadn't imagined she was older than him, nor did he expect her to have four children.
His initial impression was that she was several years younger than him. He hadn't heard anyone mention her husband, so he thought she might be divorced.
Later, he learned that the company she managed was her daughter's and she also had three sons; she wasn't divorced. Her husband had tragically passed away 20 years ago. 
Over the past two decades, she had raised her children on her own and nurtured them into success. She had also continued to grow herself, never stagnating.
###chapter1405
 
At first, there was a flutter of excitement that soon turned into hesitation. However, now, Ted found himself irresistibly drawn to Janine, unable to fight the urge to get closer.
He thought that rather than overthinking everything and letting his emotions run wild, he should take a more proactive approach.
Janine didn't notice Ted's gaze as she grabbed a pair of slippers and said, "Please sit and wait for a moment. I'll go serve dinner." Thankfully, she had made extra food, planning to save some for a quick stir-fry in the morning.
The dishes she prepared were quite simple—shrimp with zucchini and garlic-sauteed greens.
"I usually cook something quick when I get home from work, so don't mind me," Janine said, treating Ted like a younger brother.
He felt a bit shy about the simplicity of the meal.
She then pulled out two bottles of drinks from the fridge. Normally, she didn't drink much soda, but she kept some at home for kids, who liked it when they visited during the hot weather.
Looking at the two simple dishes before him, Ted felt that they were visually appealing and fragrant. It had been years since he had tasted home- cooked meals like these.
After taking a bite, his eyes lit up. "Janine, your cooking is excellent!"
He had eaten dishes from various chefs at fine restaurants, but it was rare for anything to make him want to go back for seconds.
Suddenly, he found himself wanting more than just one serving.
Although Janine's children often praised her cooking, hearing such compliments from someone less familiar brought her unexpected joy. She smiled and said, "It's just home-cooked meals."
"Home cooking really tests a person's culinary skills. If done well, it has that comforting taste of home. If not, it can be quite unappetizing.
"I sometimes cook for myself, but every time it turns out inedible. Most of it ends up in the trash, so I've given up on cooking and mostly eat out or order takeout," Ted said.
Janine was somewhat surprised. "What about your wife?"
"My wife passed away from cancer 15 years ago," Ted replied calmly. After all, it had been a long time since that moment.
Ted and his wife had been college sweethearts, and it was only natural that they got married. However, just six months after their wedding,. during a routine pregnancy checkup,
they discovered that she had
late-stage breast cancer. 
It wasn't long after the diagnosis that she passed away.
At that time, he was struggling financially. Both sets of parents tried their best to support them, but it still wasn't enough to save her.
In the years since her death, he had
focused intensely on his career. Although many women had shown interest in him, and his family had
tried to set him up on blind dates, he never felt inclined to pursue any of them. 
UMS
He thought living alone wasn't so bad, and gradually, his parents stopped pressuring him.
Many people didn't fully understand his situation. They assumed he was still married and had a family.
Some young women even approached him, suggesting they could be his mistress, openly offering money for his support. Ted had a strong aversion to such opportunistic advances.
Janine was taken aback by his story and quickly apologized. Ted smiled and reassured her. "It's nothing."
Janine nodded, finding her impression of Ted improving. Over the 15 years since his wife's passing, he had remained deeply loyal and had never sought another relationship.
It was clear that his emotional life was straightforward, as she hadn't heard anyone mention any romantic history involving him.
It seemed clear that he had truly loved his wife.
Suddenly, she reflected on her own life.
Although she had never remarried
and had raised her children alone for
the past 20 years, Steven and
Charles were quite responsible. They
had always helped take care of
Skylar and Harvey. Content belongs
Moreover, she believed that finding another partner might bring unnecessary complications for the kids and involve a lot of uncertainties, so she continued to live this way.
With her children's companionship, she didn't feel lonely.
However, the fact that Ted had spent so many years alone made her see him in a new light, and she couldn't help but admire his resilience.
###chapter1406
 
An hour later, Janine brought soup to Skylar.
As she lay in bed, the steaming bowl of soup was set in front of her, her face pale and tired. Seeing Skylar like this made Janine's eyes redden. "Take care of yourself," she said softly.
Skylar had been raised under the protective watch of Janine and her brothers, and throughout the years, she had faced so many challenges.
"I'm feeling much better, Mom. I have Veronica taking care of me at home, and she's been making soup too. You have work to do, so don't worry about me," Skylar replied quickly, wanting to ease Janine's worries.
"You're my precious daughter. You just had surgery, how could I not worry?" Janine felt a pang of heartache. She couldn't help but lament the situation. How did Skye end up with an ectopic pregnancy?
"How's the company doing, Mom? I heard Muriel just took a vacation," Skylar asked.
After Muriel took her vacation, she mentioned that she planned to travel abroad with Lizzie. Only a few people abroad recognized Lizzie, so both Muriel and Lizzie could truly enjoy their vacation without being disturbed.
When the topic shifted to work, Janine felt a bit more at ease about Skylar. She confirmed with a nod, "Yes, she just took a vacation. I gave her a month off so she could really relax. Everything at the company is arranged. Just focus on taking care of yourself. I can handle everything at work."
Her confidence radiated as she spoke.
From cautiously managing the company at first to now being a capable leader, she had truly become a strong businesswoman.
Reflecting on the past and everything they had endured over the years, Janine couldn't help but marvel at how far they had come. It felt almost surreal as if it were all a dream.
Meanwhile, Lizzie was preparing to post a statement online when Juliet sent her a message with a photo attached.
"Take a look at this. Is this the person who contacted you a few days ago?"
Lizzie zoomed in on the photo,
examining the woman's face closely. In the evening light, the woman was embraced tightly by a man, who leaned in to kiss her cheek 
Although only half of the woman's face was visible in the enlarged photo, Lizzie immediately recognized her. It was Rosa.
Raising an eyebrow, Lizzie smiled just as Juliet called.
"Did you see the photo? Is it her? I just spotted her at my apartment complex. She should be living in the same complex as I do.
"I saw them at the entrance, where they kissed and seemed completely lost in each other before embracing tightly. The guy looked to be in his 20s, probably a college student," Juliet said. 
Lizzie replied with a chuckle, "You're right. That's her."
After ending the call, Lizzie decided to save the photo, thinking that if Rosa ever tried to cause trouble, she could share it with Skylar.
When Rosa came to see her that day, Lizzie genuinely believed Rosa had deep feelings for Joe. But now, it seemed that those feelings
stemmed from not fully having Joe. 
UMS
She professed deep feelings for Joe, but her actions told a different story.
Next, Lizzie glanced at the statement she had drafted and immediately sent it out. From this moment on, she was officially free from any ties to Joe.
###chapter1407
 
Skylar received a photo from Lizzie. Rosa's and Stephen's outfits in the picture differed from what she had seen a few days earlier, indicating that they were indeed involved with each other.
Even Aiken had sent her a similar photo.
Aiken had said it wouldn't be long. Soon, this bastard wouldn't be around Simona anymore. She stared at the picture, lost in thought.
"What are you looking at?" Joe asked as he emerged from the shower. Skylar didn't have time to pull away from the photo before Joe climbed into bed and glanced over.
Before she could say anything, Joe spoke first. "I know she's with a college student."
Skylar was taken aback. "You... You know?"
It seemed that Rosa's situation hadn't been hidden from anyone.
"Paul has been keeping an eye on her every move," Joe continued.
Skylar paused, then nodded in understanding. Paul had indeed been thorough in his work, especially since Joe's return.
He had resumed his previous diligence. The psychologist had mentioned that Paul was rapidly healing from his issues.
For Paul, returning to the busy work routine was part of his healing process.
"Her situation won't affect you anymore. Also, she and I haven't been intimate at all in these past three years—not even a kiss." Joe suddenly recalled something important.
Despite recognizing that he and
Rosa had been in a
n
boyfriend-girlfriend relationship for three years, deep down, he had always felt unable to engage in any intimate actions with her. Even a simple embrace filled him with guilt and aversion. 
Skylar was momentarily speechless; then, a small smile crept onto her lips. "I was just about to ask you that, but thever found the right,
moment. Luckily, you get
it up.
swnovel
Now I can sleep well tonight." 
Joe raised an eyebrow. "You care that much?"
"Not particularly. Three years isn't too long or too short. You lost your memory and have been living under someone else's identity. Rosa is quite beautiful.
"If you had any romantic developments with her, I wouldn't be surprised. But I'll be honest, it does make me uncomfortable," Skylar said sincerely.
Skylar didn't want to pretend to be overly magnanimous in front of Joe.
Joe fell silent for a moment. After a few minutes, he finally said, "Even though I lost my memory, my subconscious doesn't lie. It tells me to stay close to you."
Since their return to Jipsburg City, they had shared many intimate moments, but they had rarely delved into discussions about their feelings. This was the first time.
Perhaps it was because she had undergone surgery today, and they had both lost the most important person in their lives. This shared experience brought them even closer together. 
Skylar hugged Joe tightly.
###chapter1408
 
Joe tightened his embrace around Skylar.
...
Janine drove home. Just as she placed the food container down and prepared to wash it, her phone rang. It was a call from Steven.
"Mom, I just got back home. Where were you? Did you go out for a walk?"
Janine glanced at the clock. It was already 10:30 pm. "I went to Skylar's place for a bit and just got home. We must have missed each other." Steven had always been the one to worry the most, not just about her but also about his younger siblings. He had gone through the most hardship growing up alongside her.
Thankfully, he had now found a caring wife, and she was sure his future would be increasingly happy.
Steven relaxed. "Good to know you're home. Mom, you really shouldn't be walking alone at night. It's not very safe anymore. Maybe you can switch to morning walks instead."
There had been an incident recently-a man had gone on a rampage with a knife. They eventually caught him, and it turned out he was mentally unstable.
Because of that, it had felt safer to stay home. The streets were dark at night, and if a criminal had ever decided to act on impulse and hurt someone, they would most likely choose to do it under the cover of darkness.
Janine chuckled softly and said, "Alright, I understand. Besides, my foot's been acting up lately, so I haven't been walking in the evenings. Don't worry. I'm always careful.
"I won't give you or your siblings a reason to be anxious. Steven, make sure to take good care of Mona. Spend as much time with her as you can. I'm fine on my own, so don't worry about me."
Steven agreed but hesitated to hang up.
Janine knew her son too well. Janine sensed that Steven's unexpected visit home and the lengthy conversation they were having must mean something was wrong.
Her expression grew serious as she said, "Is there something you need to tell me? You don't have to keep anything from me. You're the eldest, and you know me better than anyone.
"I've been through a lot in this life, especially these past few years. I've grown stronger, and more resilient. Whatever it is, just say it."
Steven took a breath and said, "Mom, have you ever thought that when Dad had his accident back then and they never found his body... is it possible he might still be alive? If he were, would you want him to come home?"
Janine paused, her expression briefly stunned by Steven's question. A moment later, she seemed to think of something and broke into a smile.
"You're not thinking that just
because Joe came back after being
missing for three years, your dad
e
might also still be alive and return one day, are you? These kinds of coincidences don't really happen. Joe had amnesia and couldn't come home. 
"Your dad couldn't possibly have lost his memory too, right? Don't overthink it. Go home and spend some time with Mona."
Hearing Janine's words, Steven found himself speechless for a moment. After a minute or two, he replied, "But Mom, even if it's just a hypothetical scenario, could you give me an answer? What would you do?"
Janine hesitated for a few seconds before answering. "If your dad were still alive and came looking for us.. maybe I'let him come back. Or
maybe we'd stay apart. Over the
past 20 years, we've each had our own experiences and have changed somuch. 
"We're not the carefree young people we once were, and we have to consider the consequences of everything we do now. But all of this is just hypothetical."
Steven gave a small acknowledgment, his voice heavy. "Alright, Mom. I'm about to start driving. Goodnight."
"Goodnight."
Mona watched Steven, who looked deflated after ending the call. "Are you sure that man is your father?" she asked.
Steven's brows furrowed. "He has the same name, the same face. Aside from a few more wrinkles, he hasn't changed much from his younger years," he replied, his tone somber.
Mona's eyes widened in shock. "If he
really is your dad, why hasn't he
come home all these years? And didn't you mention that he even has another family now? Your mom never remarried because she still loves him. Isn't it incredibly unfair to her if he has another family?" 
Maybe Mona was too idealistic. She often preferred to avoid facing harsh truths.
Steven furrowed his brow. "Maybe he had amnesia too," he said.
It was the only answer that made sense to him.
###chapter1409
 
Mona couldn't hide her thoughts and asked, "Could it be that coincidental?"
The idea of Joe having amnesia had felt fantastical to everyone, so another person with amnesia seemed implausible.
Given her experience writing novels and collecting various materials online, Mona understood how fragile human nature could be.
Many people invested their hearts only to end up deceived.
However, many of those who were deceived couldn't comprehend why there were people in this world who acted so inhumanely and why they resorted to deceit to achieve their ends.
Most of the time, these situations left people with no clear answers.
When one prioritized rules and conscience, those concepts seemed to vanish in the eyes of some.
So, if that person was Steven's father, she might have been thinking too darkly. She couldn't help but feel that his departure wasn't an accident and that he probably hadn't lost his memory. It was more likely that he had simply abandoned his family.
Steven tightened his grip on the steering wheel, a possible answer surfacing in his mind. "Maybe... I'll wait and see. I won't tell anyone about this for now," he said quietly.
Mona wanted to say more but suddenly realized that Steven was cleverer than her. He interacted with various people regularly, so what she could grasp, he surely could do.
It was only because his father was involved that he didn't want to think of someone so important in his life as unworthy. From her perspective as an outsider, she could analyze human nature without any emotional bias.
She hoped that maybe she was just overthinking things.
Lizzie's announcement about the dissolution of her engagement shocked many on the inte. It shot up the trending topics.
People were buzzing with opinions.
"Hasn't Joe been back for less than two months? They break off their engagement so soon. Looks like those three years really did ruin their relationship." 
"Don't even mention three years. If a married couple doesn't see each other for a year, there's bound to be a huge problem."
"Not to mention that Joe has taken on other identities in the past three years. He even has another fiancée by his side. He's moved on." "That's true! But it could also be Lizzie who has changed her heart."
"No one has heard of Lizzie dating anyone else, so the one who must have changed is definitely Joe."
Due to the trending topic, the variety show Lizzie participated in was gaining traction, rivaling the popularity of the current show Austin was on.
As people speculated, Rosa noticed
the trending topic too. Ever since she settled in Jipsburg, she had switched to a new phone and downloaded several apps. 
She kept a close eye on Lizzie. After all, Lizzie was Joe's fiancée, and Rosa felt about Lizzie the same way she felt about Skylar.
In her eyes, both were enemies, affecting her relationship with Joe.
Seeing that Lizzie announced their breakup made Rosa's thoughts clear. "It must be those words I said to Lizzie before that made her aware of Skylar's existence. At the time, she didn't care, but deep down, she was really concerned. 
"Now she's openly telling everyone that they've broken off the engagement. Does that mean Joe can be with Skylar openly now?"
Thinking this, Rosa ground her teeth in anger. She couldn't help but wonder why good things always seemed to come to Skylar and what right she had to them.
###chapter1410
 
Rosa was unwilling to accept it.
Under the night sky, Rosa stared at the trending topic on Facebook, unable to sleep. After staying in Jipsburg for so long, Joe hadn't contracted her even once.
Even if he thought she had returned to Murida, she thought that he should at least call to check on her.
He seemed to place no value on their three-year relationship. The more she thought about it, the more uncomfortable she felt. She truly hated it.
But then she remembered Stephen and the company she was preparing to launch. Once the business took off, she would become a dazzling presence in Jipsburg.
Everyone would call her "Ms. Reese", and those who once thought she was idle would have to change their minds about her. Moreover, she trusted Stephen.
He clearly had great capabilities, and she felt secure handing the company over to him. Stephen was not only competent but also genuine, caring deeply about her. When they were together, he was attentive to her feelings and thoughts, always mindful not to do anything that might annoy her.
Remembering the sweet moments they shared, that feeling of being cherished made her realize that Joe's indifference didn't matter. She had someone who cared about her.
However, Stephen wasn't her ideal type. Joe was the one she truly admired. With that thought in mind, she sent a message to Stephen. "Are you asleep?" Rosa asked.
However, Stephen didn't reply to her message. She frowned, realizing Stephen must be sleeping.
She wondered if Stephen had gone to bed early that night. After all, he had mentioned being a night owl.
During this time, he had a lot on his plate at the company, often staying up late and sometimes even staying over at her place. Other times, he would go back to campus.
Suddenly, she thought that since Stephen had such great stamina, it might be because of the recent preparations for the company. Or perhaps they had just been a bit too wild during their time together lately.
They had both been somewhat indulgent. She had spent the whole day sleeping, and even though Stephen was young and fit, he still needed a good rest.
At that moment, Stephen was watching a suspense movie with Simona, It was a late-night showing, and the film had its share of seary scenes, with music that added to the eerie atmosphere. 
However, Simona was brave and was glued to the screen. The volume was loud enough to be jarring, but she noticed that Stephen had actually fallen asleep.
He looked extremely tired.
It was as if he hadn't had a good
night's sleep in days. No matter how startling the film's soundtrack was, it couldn't wake him. As the movie approached its end, Simona@gently nudged Stephen. 
He stirred awake, momentarily disoriented. He almost blurted out Rosa's name before realizing where he was, who he was with, and what they were doing.
Thankfully, he managed to hold back the name. Otherwise, Simona would have noticed. She already had her suspicions, and he was contemplating how to ease her doubts.
He knew he couldn't make a mistake at that moment.
"You seem to have a message. Whoever's trying to reach you at this hour must have something urgent," Simona said, pointing to the phone in Stephen's hand.
She had intended to let him know the movie was over and ask if hez was too tired to keep watching. If he was worn out, he should head back to his dormitory and get some sleep. 
However, she hadn't expected that someone would be trying to contact him at this hour. She wondered if it could be his uncle.
Stephen quickly unlocked his phone, glancing at the message.
When he saw that it was from Rosa, he immediately exited the screen, not daring to linger on the page.
Because the cinema was still dimly lit and everyone was focused on waiting for the post-credit scene, Simona casually caught a glimpse of his
screen.
###chapter1411
 
The profile picture clearly depicted a woman. A message popped up saying, "Are you asleep?" Simona felt a tightness in her chest immediately. She didn't have time to read anything else.
The familiarity in the inquiry indicated that the sender must be someone very close to Stephen. Simona noticed Stephen quickly exit the chat window and didn't ask what was going on, feeling a twinge of curiosity.
"Is there something urgent she needs from you? Shouldn't you call her back?"
Deep down, she wanted to ask who this person was. The profile didn't seem to belong to any of their classmates or club members. The woman in the picture looked unfamiliar yet attractive.
Simona was aware that many girls liked Stephen, and it was impossible for him not to interact with women. She wasn't the type to get jealous easily and didn't want to make things uncomfortable for Stephen, so she refrained from probing further into the woman's identity.
However, an unsettling feeling prickled in her heart. The longer she spent with Stephen, the more she felt he was hard to understand.
It seemed like Stephen had secrets. Even though the lighting in the cinema was dim, and they were sitting close together, it was hard to make out each other's expressions.
Yet, Stephen could sense that Simona had seen something and that she was starting to doubt him.
"Oh, that's just the manager of my part-time job at the café. She's probably asking me to cover a shift tonight. I don't need to respond to her now. I'll tell her tomorrow that I went to bed early tonight," Stephen quickly explained.
A wave of panic washed over him, but he quickly reminded himself that he had faced this kind of situation before and knew how to handle it.
Upon hearing that it was the café's manager who had messaged him, Simona's earlier suspicions faded away. "Oh, I see. Well, the movie's about to end, so let's go."
Seeing the doubt in Simona's eyes disappear, Stephen sighed in relief. "Okay, let's go.
For the time being, he needed to tread carefully around Simona. After all, she was a top student.
Although she had little life
experience and hadn't had many dating experiences, given enough time, she might start to notice something. He decided it was better to be cautious. 
Once he tricked Rosa into giving him her money, he would finally have the capital to compete with Simona on equal terms.
Lately, the more women he interacted with, the more he appreciated the rare qualities Simona possessed. He didn't want to miss his chance with her.
He genuinely wanted to treat Simona as a potential future wife. After all, he was unlikely to find another kind, well-bred woman like her again.
After leaving the cinema, Stephen glanced at the time. "At this hour, we definitely can't go back to the dormitory. Should we stay at the hotel nearby?" Simona was initially taken aback but soon realized the time. She nodded in agreement and said, "Sure, let's go."
Stephen's eyes sparkled as a subtle
smile formed at the corners of his lips. It seemed that after spending so little time together lately, Simona was feeling anxious and wanted to grow closer to him. 
This was exactly what he had hoped for.
They arrived at the hotel a few minutes later, and Simona reserved a room at the front desk.
Stephen was filled with anticipation about what might happen next.
et
Being with other women was usually about achieving a certain goal, and it wasn't particularly enjoyable. But with Simona, he was eager for a deepenrelationship, something he genuinely looked forward 
swnow
At that moment, Simona handed him the key card.
###chapter1412
 
Simona said, "Here, take the key card. I'll just take a cab home."
Even though she wished for some significant progress with Stephen, she couldn't ignore her promise to Aiken. Hence, she quickly reined in her thoughts.
For some reason, she felt a growing distance between her and Stephen. In her mind, two voices seemed to be debating. One insisted that Stephen would never deceive her, while the other whispered that he had secrets.
As he stared at the key card, Stephen was momentarily stunned. "It's late. Taking a cab home might take you over half an hour. Why don't you just sleep here at the hotel?"
"I'm not used to sleeping in hotels. I have a lot to do tomorrow, so I should go home. I can see you're tired too. Get some good rest tonight. See you tomorrow! Goodnight," Simona said, waving her hand at him before decisively leaving.
Watching Simona walk away with determination, Stephen frowned. He couldn't shake the feeling that he was losing his grip on her.
They could have easily taken the next step tonight, but she chose to go home instead. That excuse might work on someone else, but it was too flimsy for him.
Once upstairs, he opened the door with the key card and quickly took a shower. Then he lay in bed and called Simona. "Did you get home?" As soon as the call connected, his voice was incredibly gentle.
Simona felt her heart flutter. She closed the door quietly and dropped her bag. "I just got home. I'm about to take a shower. Are you still awake?"
"I can't sleep until I know you're home safe," Stephen replied.
Upon hearing that, Simona's heart raced. "I'm home safe now. You should relax and go to sleep."
"Okay, goodnight. See you tomorrow." His voice was particularly soothing.
It was hard for any girl not to feel a stir of emotions when he said his goodnights in such a tender manner. After the call ended, Simona found herself lost in thought for a moment, her cheeks flushed.
She hurried off to the bathroom.
Stephen's voice was captivating. No wonder some classmates said that even if he wasn't good-looking, his voice alone could drive them crazy. She wondered how enchanting his voice would be in more intimate moments. 
Thinking of that, Simona couldn't bear to dwell on it any longer.
"Time to shower! I need to shower quickly."
Ten days passed in the blink of an eye. Minerva came to visit Skylar.
"I've been wanting to meet up with you, but I've been swamped lately," Minerva said, a hint of embarrassment in her voice.
A few days ago, she had called to check on Skylar and learned that she was resting at home to recuperate. Finally, she found some time to visit.
After a few days of rest and drinking nourishing soups every day, Skylar's complexion was rosy, and she appeared more energetic than Minerva. Minerva looked noticeably thinner than when they had last met.
"Are you busy with your new house renovations?" Skylar asked.
Minerva and her fiancé had set a wedding date. They were preparing their new home, a spacious
multi-story villa. If they were
1
managing the design and renovation themselves, it must have been quite a task. 
"Yes, since it's our wedding home, I have some ideas I want to
incorporate. I've spent much time discussing the design with the architect, but we've encountered many issues during the renovations. It's honestly a bit overwhelming. 
"Moreover, we're also planning the wedding. You must come to my wedding!" Minerva's face showed signs of fatigue, but it was illuminated with happiness.
Skylar was thrilled for Minerva. "Of course! I'll definitely be there on your big day. I can't wait to see which man has captured your heart."
###chapter1413
 
Minerva's cheeks flushed. She never expected that she would marry someone she truly loved someday.
The thought of marrying someone she liked and walking hand in hand through life together sometimes felt like a dream. "I've always wanted to introduce you two, but there hasn't been a chance," Minerva said with a smile.
Skylar replied, "There's no rush."
From Minerva's description, she had a good impression of Minerva's fiancé and believed in their relationship.
The mutual support they had abroad and the agreement of both sets of parents back home made everything feel right.
They chatted for quite a while.
Minerva really liked Skylar's current place. Although it wasn't a villa, it was a spacious, quiet apartment with a beautiful view that stretched far into the distance.
"Does Joe really not remember anything at all?" Minerva asked, her curiosity piqued. There had been countless rumors about Joe's memory loss lately.
Sometimes, she felt that these were merely tactics Joe used in his business dealings. After all, he must have experienced unimaginable things over the past three years.
Skylar nodded and explained, "He truly has amnesia. He still hasn't remembered anything from his past."
Minerva frowned. "So, how does he feel about you?"
"Feelings don't require memories," Skylar replied. She had once doubted Joe's feelings for her, but after more than three years, she had complete faith in their love.
Minerva paused in surprise, then nodded with a smile. "That's right. The chemistry between two people doesn't depend on memories. Liking someone comes from the heart."
The ability to love the same person despite memory loss only proved that their love was genuine.
...
After Minerva left and drove away, her car broke down just ten minutes later.
She immediately got out of the car
to check what was wrong. She had
et
2
never experienced this kind of situation before, especially with car worth a few million dollars, but she had spent the past few years abroad and hadn't driven much. 
In fact, she had hardly driven at all recently. She never expected her car would suddenly break down today.
"What a mess," she muttered.
Not being knowledgeable about
cars, Minerva examined it but è couldn't figure out what was wrong. Just as she was about to call the car dealership, someone appeared in front of her. 
"What's wrong with your car?"
She immediately looked up at the person approaching her. To her surprise, it was Rowan.
He was accompanied by a girl who looked different from the last one she had seen him with. It seemed he had a new girlfriend.
"I'm not really sure. I think it just broke down," Minerva replied, shaking her head. After several years had passed, she found that she was now very calm when facing Rowan.
"I'll take a look," he said as he stepped forward to inspect the vehicle.
Rowan had always enjoyed driving and tinkering with cars. As such, be could handle simple issues. Meanwhile, the beautiful girl, Madge Carr, discreetly observed Minerva beside him. 
During their time together, she had never seen Rowan show such attentiveness to another woman. In her opinion, there was no need for him to go to such lengths to fix a car.
A simple phone call would have been enough for help to arrive.
###chapter1414
 
It was clear that Rowan cared about Minerva. The moment he spotted her stranded by the roadside, he immediately put aside what he was doing, got out of his car, and walked over.
When he spoke to Minerva, his tone was particularly gentle, and his expression was focused to the point where he seemed to forget Madge was even there. A wave of jealousy washed over her.
As Rowan inspected the car, Madge curiously asked, "Are you a friend of Rowan's?"
She couldn't help but wonder if this woman might have been someone from his past, perhaps even an ex-girlfriend. That question seemed a bit too confrontational, so she decided to hold back.
Minerva quickly noticed Madge's puzzled expression and smiled, replying, "Yes, we're friends."
Seeing the wedding ring on Minerva's finger, Madge blinked and asked, "Are you married?"
Minerva glanced at her ring, realizing it was indeed a wedding band. A smile crossed her face as she replied, "Not yet, but I'm getting married soon." Hearing that Minerva was about to get married, Madge visibly relaxed. It seemed her initial concerns had been unfounded.
Rowan and this woman were clearly just friends. Seeing a friend's car break down on the side of the road would prompt anyone to stop and help. It wasn't the kind of situation someone could simply ignore.
Soon, Rowan returned and said, "I checked the car. There's nothing major. I just did a quick fix. Why don't you try starting it now?"
Minerva thanked him with a smile and got back into the car while Rowan stood outside the driver's side, watching her start the engine.
When Rowan noticed the wedding ring on Minerva's finger as her hand rested on the steering wheel, his expression shifted suddenly. He pressed his lips together subtly, hiding the change in his demeanor.
She wasn't married yet, but she was already wearing a wedding ring. Rowan wondered if they had already gotten their marriage certificate.
It seemed Minerva truly cared for that man, or perhaps they had just recently made it official.
Thinking about this possibility, Rowan suddenly felt a pang of pain in his chest. An indescribable feeling tightened around his heart.
He reached for his pocket,
instinctively looking for a cigarette to calm his nerves. But as his fingers brushed the fabric, he remembered that Minerva disliked his smoking habit, Back when they were together, he hadn't valued their time. 
Sometimes, Minerva would share her thoughts, but he never wanted to listen back then.
The only time he seemed to pay attention was when they were in bed together. Over the years, he had come to regret his behavior often.
He couldn't shake the feeling that he had been such a bastard in the past. Over these years, Minerva had completely disappeared from his life, never once reaching out.
Most likely, it was because their time together had left almost no pleasant memories worth reminiscing about.
"Got it working. Thanks so much!"
The sound of the engine starting made Minerva beam with relief. It was fortunate to have run into Rowan, although their meeting had been a little awkward.
Living in Jipsburg City, they were bound to run into each other again. She was willing to let the past go and treat him as just a regular friend. Rowan stared at her for a moment and then gave a small nod. "Glad it's running," he said.
"I'll drive it home for now and have the car dealership send someone to pick it up and do a thorough inspection later. Thanks again! I've some errands to run, so I'll be off."
With that, she pressed down on the gas pedal and drove away. Rowan stood there, motionless, watching her car disappear.
A few minutes later, he finally pulled
out a cigarette and lit it. Madge,
standing nearby, watched in
et
disbelief as she realized she had
been completely ignored from start
to finish. 
And now, she had to watch Rowan staring despondently at the intersection where Minerva had vanished. Her expression darkened.
She had always thought Rowan really liked her. But today, she saw how he truly loved someone.
It wasn't as simple as buying a
l.ne
luxury bag or taking her out. She had always considered herself special to him, even though she knew his. reputation as a flirt and that he had dated several girlfriends before. 
swne
"Mr. Jakeman, are we still heading to the club?"
###chapter1415
 
Upon hearing Madge's words, Rowan realized he had been a bit lost in thought.
Just the thought of Minerva getting married ignited a fire in his heart, leaving him restless and unable to calm down. He finally understood that he had truly lost Minerva.
No matter how much he tried to numb himself or act carefree, letting everyone believe he was just a playboy, he couldn't genuinely let her go.
"Let's go," he said, crushing the cigarette between his fingers. His tone carried a hint of coldness and indifference.
"Okay." Madge bit her red lip upon hearing him.
Although she felt uncomfortable, she wisely refrained from probing further. She knew that asking too many questions could cost her everything.
At Pearlhall Residence, Gloria had just taken her medicine and was about to lie down to rest. Suddenly, she felt an uncomfortable tightness in her chest and abdomen.
She opened her mouth to call for Edgar, but before she could speak, she coughed up blood. Hearing the commotion, Edgar rushed in without knocking.
When he saw Gloria pale and slumped over on the bed, with a small pool of blood on the floor, he was taken aback.
"Someone, get help! Call 911! No, we need to take her to the hospital right now!" After giving the orders, he hurried to check Gloria's condition. Fear consumed him as his body trembled uncontrollably.
"Mrs. Martin Senior? How are you feeling? Can you hear me?" Edgar asked cautiously.
He didn't dare to touch her, remembering the doctor's instructions. But it was clear that Gloria's condition was more serious than it had even been before.
In recent days, Gloria's health had indeed been declining day by day. She wanted to talk to Joe and Skylar, but Gloria refused to do so.
She insisted that the two young
people were facing many challenges
net
and that it was much harder for them than for her. If they had to divide their attention to worry about her, it would be as if she might as well be dead. 
S
As long as she could hold on, she wouldn't let them worry. Edgar understood Gloria's perspective.
However, looking at Gloria, who had now fainted, Edgar was filled with concern.
"Mrs. Martin Senior?" It seemed that calling her name brought her back to consciousness.
She opened her eyes slightly, appearing extremely weak.
Her eyes struggled to open as she weakly spoke, "I'm fine. Just take me to the hospital. Don't bother Joe and Skylar."
Seeing Gloria putting on a brave
face, Edgar nodded with tear-filled eyes. "Okay, Mrs. Martin Senior. Don't worry, I'll make sure they don't find out. Just hang in there. We're heading to the hospital now You'll be okay." 
S
As soon as he finished speaking, Gloria nodded before closing her eyes again. At that moment, several trained maids came in with a stretcher.
They gently placed her on the stretcher, and Edgar hurried to accompany her in the vehicle to the hospital.
On the way, he had already informed the hospital of Gloria's condition, providing them with all the necessary details.
Upon arrival, the hospital staff quickly organized a series of tests for Gloria. After consulting with the attending physician, Edgar noticed the doctor's serious expression as he looked at him. 
###chapter1416
 
The doctor said, "Mrs. Martin Senior's condition is quite serious. She likely only has about a month left, and continuing treatment in the hospital wouldn't be beneficial. I've interacted with her frequently and know that she doesn't like being in the hospital.
"She would be much more comfortable at home, where she can rest properly. During this month, try to keep her happy as much as possible." Edgar's face changed dramatically upon hearing the news. Despite having prepared himself mentally, he still felt an overwhelming sense of grief. He replied, "Okay, I understand. Thank you."
Gloria was left for less than a month. It was a short time, and he knew he couldn't keep this from Joe and Skylar any longer. He had to find an opportunity to tell them.
An hour later, Gloria woke up to find herself in a hospital room. She noticed Edgar sleeping on the couch beside her, realizing that she had made it through this time.
However, as she regained consciousness, she felt a distinct weakness in her body. After holding on for so many years, it seemed she could no longer endure.
A metallic taste lingered in her mouth, and she felt discomfort. She reached for the glass of water on the table beside her, but her hand fell weakly to her side before she could grasp it.
She let out a faint sigh. It was this sigh that roused Edgar, who had been dozing lightly on the couch nearby. With age, his reflexes had slowed considerably compared to his younger days.
"Mrs. Martin Senior, you're awake!" he exclaimed, quickly sitting up.
"I'd like some water," Gloria replied, her voice barely above a whisper.
Edgar's heart ached at the sight of her struggle. "Alright, I'll get you some warm water. This water is too cold for you."
Gloria had always preferred warm water, as cold drinks could harm her health. She weakly nodded in agreement.
In just a minute, Edgar prepared the warm water and carefully helped Gloria to sit up. After slowly sipping a few mouthfuls of water, she felt a bit more comfortable in her mouth.
When she spoke again, her voice was stronger than before. "What did the doctor say?"
Edgar hadn't expected her to ask so directly, and he hesitated, struggling to find the right words. "The doctor..."
However, Gloria appeared to have
already come to terms with her
situation. Just tell me what the
doctor said. You've been with met
since you were in your 20s. You know me well, and I know 
swnow
"You can't hide secrets from me. Just say it. I know my own health. Did the doctor say I won't last much longer? A few days, perhaps?"
With her health being so fragile, she felt grateful to have made it this far. Like Kevin had said, she had been living on borrowed time.
After all this time, she felt she had lived enough. There was nothing left to fret over.
Upon hearing her words, Edgar's eyes reddened, and tears began to flow. "It's not a matter of days. It's about a month."
Gloria smiled softly. "A whole
month? That's plenty of time. I'm not
about to drop dead any moment
now. Why are you crying? Save those tears for the day I'm gone." 
"Mrs. Martin Senior!" Edgar couldn't hold back his emotions. Hearing her words made him feel even more heartbroken.
Gloria's smile faded. "Let's wait half
a month before telling them. By then, Skye will be feeling better, and things on Joe's end will have
stabilized. We can invite them
l
jan
to Pearlhall Residence to stay with me for half a month." 
She had already made her plans.
"Whatever you say, Mrs. Martin Senior," Edgar replied, wiping his tears, feeling an overwhelming sorrow in his heart.
In the underground parking garage, Lucas parked the car. Just as Joe was about to exit the vehicle and head for the elevator, the lights suddenly went out.
###chapter1417
 
The entire underground parking garage was plunged into darkness. At the same time, surprised voices echoed around. "What's happening?"
"Why did the power go out all of a sudden?"
"Thank goodness my phone is charged. I guess I'll have to climb the stairs to get home."
"I live on the 28th floor. If I have to climb those stairs, I might just die from exhaustion!"
"I've never heard of a power outage like this before. Is the property management really that irresponsible?"
Several people began to complain.
At that moment, someone unexpectedly slammed on the gas pedal and barreled toward Joe's direction. Hearing the screech of tires against the pavement, Joe reacted quickly.
He was very familiar with the layout of the parking garage. Within just a second or two, he had already dodged the vehicle and made it into the stairwell. The car crashed directly into the wall.
The deafening sound of the impact sent everyone still in the parking garage screaming.
This situation felt straight out of a movie-terrifying and shocking at the same time. Soon after, two figures emerged from the wrecked car and headed toward the stairwell.
Many of those holding their phones to light the area witnessed this scene. The two individuals brandished electric batons, and their demeanor was aggressive and threatening. It was evident to everyone present that these two meant trouble.
As they entered the stairwell in pursuit of Joe, someone shouted in fear, "Call the police! Those two are going to kill someone. They didn't just accidentally crash into the wall. They're armed with electric batons."
"Who are these people? Are they out of their minds? How dare they come into the complex to commit murder."
"Looks like they're chasing someone into the stairwell."
"Call the police! Otherwise, there's going to be a real tragedy!"
Several people immediately started dialing 911.
Others called the property management to inquire about the power outage. The management team was just as baffled.
This was not a widespread blackout.
When asked about the outage, property management could only respond with confusion, saying they were investigating the cause. All the electricians were on duty, and they assured everyone that they would identify the problem soon, 
Meanwhile, Joe had quickly made his way down to the first floor and exited through the main entrance.
The two individuals armed with
electric batons had climbed a few more floors, but when they noticed there were no other sounds of people using the stairs, they sensed something was off. Content belongs
They rushed to the first floor, but by the time they arrived, Joe was nowhere to be seen.
"What do we do now?" one of them asked.
"What else can we do? Let's get out of here," the other replied.
They had already made enough noise, and someone was bound to have called the police. They believed the police would arrive soon.
They hadn't expected Joe to react so quickly and manage to escape. He was cunning too, not returning home but fleeing instead.
At that same moment, the sudden

power outage caught Skylar off guard as she was reading a book. Veronica was still in the kitchen, making soup. 
Suddenly, the entire kitchen was engulfed in darkness.
Veronica exclaimed, "The power is out. The property management hadn't mentioned anything about an outage in the community group chat."
###chapter1418
 
Veronica quickly moved to the window and peered outside. Noticing that the other buildings and high-rises were brightly lit, she frowned.
Fortunately, moonlight spilled into the room, preventing it from being completely dark. She hurried to Skylar's door and said, "Mrs. Martin, I'm not sure why the power is out. If you need anything, just call me. By the way, if Mr. Martin comes back, he'll probably have to take the stairs.
"I hope the power is restored soon so he can take the elevator."
"Okay, Veronica. You should take a break and turn off the stove in the kitchen," Skylar replied, placing her book aside and stifling a yawn.
Even though the power was out at home, her phone still had some battery. She quickly opened her WhatsApp to inform Joe about the power outage at home and to ask when he would return.
After sending the message, she didn't wait for Joe's response. Instead, she checked the community group chat. The chat included homeowners and property management staff. If anything important happened, the staff would notify everyone there.
As she entered the chat, she saw someone had posted photos of an accident in the underground parking garage, along with images of two men chasing someone with electric batons up the stairs.
Then, several residents who had witnessed the scene began to share their anxious comments in the group chat.
"This isn't a scene from a movie. It's really happening right here! It's terrifying! You wouldn't believe it! Those two guys drove their car into someone and crashed into the wall, totally wrecking the vehicle. We felt like we were in an earthquake. It's so frightening!"
"I wonder who they were trying to kill. Please check on your family members to ensure they're safe. We've called the police, but we can't confirm whether anyone is injured or worse. The police are on their way and should be here soon."
"Everyone, please stay calm. We have contacted the police. As for the power outage, we found the cause it was indeed someone who cut the power.
"Our staff is working to restore it as quickly as possible. If all goes well, we expect the power to be back on in about half an hour."
The group chat was almost flooded with messages. Everyone was expressing their fear about the situation.
Skylar looked at the photo of the severely wrecked car, and her heart sank as she absorbed the owner's comments. She wondered who those two people might be chasing.
A wave of fear washed over her as she thought about Joe, who still hadn't replied.
Just as her heart raced and she considered checking the stairwell for updates, Joe's message finally came through.
"I'm in the underground parking lot. I'll head up once the power is back on. Did you see the messages in the community group chat? Don't worry, I'm fine."
Seeing his reply brought relief to Skylar. She heaved a sigh of relief. She had been worried that something had happened to him.
After all, Joe's return elicited mixed feelings among people-some were excited, while others wished he would stay away.
Joe had encountered all sorts of dangers in the past, especially now that he was making a crucial return to the Martin Group.
For some reason, she found it hard
to settle down. Knowing that power restoration wouldn't come for at least a few minutes, she left her bedroom with her phone in hand and approached Veronica. 
Veronica was at the window, scrolling through her phone, watching some entertaining clips that many older folks enjoyed. Upon hearing the noise behind her she turned around. 
"Mrs. Martin."
"Veronica, has Edgar mentioned anything about Grandma's condition lately?" Skylar engaged her in casual conversation.
Veronica shook her head. "He hasn't
said anything. Mrs. Martin Senior's situation is about the same as when she was in Murida. We just need to make sure she gets proper rest if anything changes, Edgar will let us know right away." 
###chapter1419
 
Skylar nodded in agreement. "That's true."
Gloria's condition was not very optimistic. Back in Murida, the doctors had warned that Gloria wouldn't have much time left.
Adding to her anxiety were the unsettling words she had heard from Kevin a few days ago.
"Are you worried about Mrs. Martin Senior's health, Mrs. Martin? Edgar mentioned a few days ago that Grandma might come to visit you soon," Veronica said.
"I've been feeling better these past few days. I think I'll go visit her soon," Skylar replied. Seeing her in person would ease her worries.
Maybe it was because she had spent the past couple of days at home recovering, barely seeing anyone, and with no work to keep her occupied; she started feeling restless and couldn't help but let her mind wander.
The messages in the group chat had stirred her concern for Joe. Now that he was fine, her concern shifted back to Gloria.
She sighed. She realized she might be feeling a bit too anxious.
Once the police were called in, news of the attempted murder in the complex spread rapidly.
However, there were only photos and a few eyewitness accounts. The victim had yet to be identified.
As a result, the incident became a mystery after the reporters covered it. The online community began to speculate, and opinions varied widely. The trending topic emerged quickly but faded just as fast.
Skylar's living in the same complex was known only to her family, Natalie and Minerva. As soon as they learned about the incident, they checked in on her.
They also inquired about Joe. At that moment, Joe was in the shower.
After sending a unified message to reassure everyone that they were both fine, Joe stepped out of the bathroom.
He had always preferred drying his hair with a towel rather than using a hair dryer.
While drying his hair with a towel, Joe glanced over at Skylar.
"Still worried? Even if some people don't want to see me in Jipsburg, they don't have the power to do anything about it."
Joe's tone was commanding, his
expression exuding a cold,
unyielding authority that set him
above everyone else. Joe was a man known for his decisiveness and ruthlessness. He wasn't someone who could be easily intimated. 
Skylar couldn't help but smile at his confidence. "Yeah, some people definitely want you gone. But no matter how much they hate you, they can't seem to do anything but gnash their teeth in frustration."
She had been feeling uneasy, especially since no one had come forward to identify the person being chased. A nagging suspicion kept creeping into her mind that their target might have been Joe.
But hearing his confident words now, she finally felt relieved.
Meanwhile, in their community group chat, a new theory had emerged. People were speculating that the victim being pursued was likely someone in a secret affair.
The idea was that the person, ashamed of the reason behind the attack, would rather stay silent than admit the truth.
Now that the police had gotten
involved, those two thugs surely
wouldn't dare come back. Even the
security guards in the complex had stepped up their patrols. In this situation, those who felt
embarrassed were even less likely to step forward. 
Skylar thought this theory made perfect sense.
Joe noticed that the worry had faded from Skylar's eyes, and he was relieved. Only when she wasn't looking did his gaze narrow, a chilling glint flashing in his eyes. It seemed that he could no longer show mercy to these people. 
S
It was better that they met their end than caused Skylar any more distress.
Under the shroud of night, outside the school gates, Stephen rushed out, his face lined with worry.
###chapter1420
 
Stephen kept his cap pulled low the entire way, hoping no one would recognize him. Fortunately, it was that time of night when most people were in their dormitory getting ready for bed.
Stephen never expected Rosa to come to campus to find him.
She had really startled him.
Spotting Rosa, he scanned the surroundings carefully. Once he was sure no one familiar was around, he hurried over.
Stephen asked, "Why'd you come to my campus? You could've called me, and I would've come to meet you. It's dangerous for you to be out alone at night."
He was a bit annoyed, but his questioning tone remained gentle and soft. There was nothing anyone could criticize about the way he spoke. But deep down, he was a little unhappy.
It would be all too easy for someone to recognize him if they continued to stand at the campus gate. If anyone saw him with an older woman, he wasn't sure how he would explain it to Simona.
He had been trying to win Simona over for days now, doing his best to make her like and trust him more. The last thing he wanted was for anything to mess that up.
He definitely couldn't afford any slip-ups right now.
Rosa smiled and said, "I was shopping at the nearby mall when I suddenly remembered your campus was close by. I've never visited before, and I got the idea to come see you. Aren't you pleasantly surprised to see me?"
Stephen had been stunned when he first got her call. After all, Rosa usually kept a deliberate distance from him. She made a point of being hard to approach.
Her aloofness was calculated, leaving him feeling insecure, as though she didn't care about him as much. Rosa had her own way of handling college students like him.
As his boss, she knew how to maintain her mystique, making herself seem hard to reach. This only drew him in further, making him more attached to her.
This unexpected visit had thrown him into a mix of surprise and worry, and now he was fussing over her safety.
Sometimes, these younger men could be quite endearing. If only she weren't so into Joe, maybe she would've fallen for Stephen. They might have even ended up married.
What a shame! Stephen was just a lonely younger man sent to offer some company.
"I'm really surprised. How about we walk to that quiet park nearby? It's peaceful there and usually empty at this hour."
Though inwardly he felt exasperated, not a hint of it showed on his face.
Rosa agreed and said, "Let's go. I suppose they won't let outsiders onto your campus this late anyway. I'll have to come back sometime to explore your campus during the day." 
Stephen's expression shifted slightly at the idea of Rosa exploring his campus. It felt as if Rosa was beginning to slip out of control.
Besides, some of her behavior could be quite frustrating. Compared to Simona, Rosa could be exasperating.
She was so self-assured, thinking she was clever when, in reality, she could be infuriatingly foolish.
They had walked a little way and were nearly at the park when Stephen's phone rang. He glanced at the screen. It was Simona.
"Is that your girlfriend? Don't mind
me. Go ahead and take the call. Sometimes, when young girls throw a tantrum, they can be impossible to deal with," Rosa spoke in a relaxed tone, clearly unbothered. 
Stephen hesitated for a moment but then picked up. "Simona."
"Stephen, a friend just told me she saw you near the campus gate. She mentioned you were with a woman," Simona said, getting straight to the point.
Simona had just gotten off the
e
phone with a classmate who had described the scene in vivid detail. The friend had said that although the woman didn't look like a college student, she was gorgeous and had been behaving intimately with Stephen, even linking arms with him. 
Recently, Stephen's behavior had already given her reasons to be suspicious. Upon hearing this, Simona had to call to find out herself.
Stephen's heart skipped a beat at her words. Rosa, standing nearby, heard everything.
###chapter1421
 
Rosa was a bit surprised. Although there weren't too many people at the campus gate earlier, there were still enough coming and going.
It seemed that Rosa and Stephen were too noticeable. They stood out so much that it was easy for someone to take immediate notice of them. Rosa thought that Stephen's girlfriend was overly dramatic, making a fuss over the smallest things.
Sometimes, these young women were just too na?ve. They believed their boyfriends had to report every little detail, including who they were meeting or what they were doing.
Privately, Rosa felt that Stephen should care more about her, not some immature college girl who didn't understand anything.
To be honest, this woman was meddling too much, making her rather unlikable. Besides, Stephen seemed visibly tense after hearing the woman's question. His reaction made it seem like Rosa was less important in his eyes compared to Simona.
"Yeah, it's my boss. She had something to discuss with me. I'll explain everything when I get back," Stephen replied, his heart pounding wildly. Panic surged through him. Despite all his caution, he couldn't believe someone still recognized him.
Simona wasn't someone who would pursue a matter relentlessly. Even though she wasn't satisfied with Stephen's answer and felt he was hiding something, she knew she couldn't explain it further over the phone.
So she simply responded with an "Alright" and hung up.
Since Stephen had promised to explain, she would wait and see what he came up with. She hoped he wouldn't disappoint her or betray her trust. Even though Simona didn't press further, Stephen wasn't feeling optimistic. His face turned grim as soon as he ended the call.
Rosa looked a bit unhappy. Frowning, she said, "Didn't you say you wanted to break up with her? Why hasn't that happened yet? From how you look, it seems like you really like her.
"If that's the case, then don't bother breaking up. We can keep things simple between us—just a boss and an employee."
She had come over excited, hoping to surprise Stephen, maybe even book a hotel room near campus for a romantic gateway. But then, Simona's phone call completely ruined the mood.
Rosa needed to make it clear that she wouldn't allow him to juggle two relationships. Stephen's expression shifted as he took in her words. He was already overwhelmed, and now Rosa was pressing him further. 
swne
He lowered his head to hide his discomfort. "did bring up breaking up with her a while ago, but she refused. She even threatened to jump off a building. I haven't graduated yet, and I don't want to
cause a scene at this point
So I told
her I wouldn't break up for now. 
"It's my fault. I'll just wait a couple of months until after graduation to end it. We haven't seen each other much during this time, and I hope she'll come to her senses."
Rosa's mood brightened at his words. Maybe she had overthought things. Stephen's feelings for her weren't fake after all.
"Girls these days are spoiled by their families, so it's understandable that they can develop a bad temper. Don't worry, I understand and won't overthink it," Rosa said, adopting a caring older sister demeanor 
swnow
She wanted to create a stark contrast between herself and Simona, making it clear that despite Simona's young age, she couldn't compare herself to Rosa in many ways.
As they strolled through the park, Rosa noticed it was empty. She had been hoping for a moment alone with Stephen, where he could pull her into a passionate kiss.
But today, he seemed lost, barely speaking, and he wasn't as eager to be close to her as usual.
###chapter1422
 
Rosa couldn't shake the feeling that Simona was the source of Stephen's uneasiness. The more she thought about it, the more discomfort she felt. Once they finished strolling through the park, Stephen seemed to regain his composure and suggested, "It's getting late, and I can't go back to school now. Let's find a hotel nearby."
This was exactly what Rosa wanted to hear. "Sure, let's go."
Meanwhile, Simona hadn't slept much that night. Her mind was racing with thoughts, particularly about Stephen's recent odd behavior. Initially, she hadn't thought much of it and dismissed his secrecy, believing it wouldn't affect their relationship.
However, a voice in her mind kept insisting that her recent suspicions and distrust toward Stephen were all due to not spending enough time together, leading her to overthink things.
Since she couldn't sleep, she remembered Skylar and her classmates recommending a dating variety show that had recently become popular.
Maybe she could distract herself by watching those episodes. She hoped that all her uncertainties would finally be cleared by the time she met Stephen tomorrow.
Two hours later, she had managed to binge-watch several episodes in fast-forward mode. One couple's situation seemed eerily similar to hers and Stephen's. The girl's anxiousness over their relationship mirrored her feelings.
As she analyzed the men's behavior in the show, a realization hit her-maybe she had overlooked something important-Stephen might have other girlfriends.
She desperately wanted to talk to Skylar, feeling increasingly unsettled. But it was now 4:00 am, and all she could do was wait. Eventually, exhaustion overtook her, and she drifted off to sleep.
After about four hours, she decided to text Skylar on WhatsApp. "Skylar, are you busy right now?"
"No, I'm not busy. What's up?" Skylar was looking at her phone, so the reply came in almost immediately.
Simona typed back, "Skylar, I don't
even know how to explain it. I watched that dating variety show you recommended yesterday. There's a couple on it whose relationship seems a lot like mine and Stephen's-especially the who's juggling two girls, just like Stephen. 
"Stephen has been making all sorts of excuses to avoid seeing me lately. But whenever we talk on the phone, he's so affectionate. The more time I spend with him, the more I feel like I can't see through him. It's as if there's a veil between us." 
Skylar felt a pang of sympathy for Simona after reading her long message. She wanted nothing more than for Simona to find someone who would truly cherish her.
Every girl hoped for a beautiful first love, and if it led to a great ending, that was even better. But it was clear that Stephen might not be the one to walk that path with Simona.
After some thought, Skylar replied, "Sometimes the best way to dispel doubts is to seek confirmation. Speculation only leads to internal conflict."
Simona read Skylar's message aloud, softly repeating two words-seek confirmation.
Seek confirmation...
She realized she had been sinking into self-inflicted turmoil, all without answers. It struck her that she hadn't considered seeking evidence to clarify her overthinking. Instead of remaining trapped in doubt, she
needed to uncover the truth. 
If the evidence showed she was not overthinking, that would be the best outcome. If it revealed she had been mistaken, then she would resolve never to doubt Stephen again.
With that thought, she immediately got out of bed, determined to find Stephen.
###chapter1423
 
Simona arrived at the dormitory building where Stephen lived and immediately called him. Stephen explained that after finishing his work last night, he had gotten some sleep at a smoothie shop and was currently on the subway heading back to campus.
While waiting for him, she encountered one of his roommates, Bruno Middleton.
"It's you! Stephen isn't here," Bruno said.
Simona smiled and nodded. "I know. He just called me. He'll be back soon."
Bruno chuckled. "He's been busy with something lately. He hasn't stayed in the dorm much this past month, so we hardly see him."
"A month?" Simona was taken aback. Over the past month, she had been preoccupied with her busy schedule, so she hadn't paid much attention to whether Stephen was staying in the dormitory at night.
She had thought that Stephen had been staying at the hospital for a few days because of his uncle's hospitalization, which was why he hadn't returned to campus.
But now, the realization that he hadn't been around for a whole month felt unusual.
"I haven't counted, but it feels like that," Bruno replied, not wanting to elaborate further.
Although they shared a dorm, Stephen always seemed friendly with everyone. Yet, there was an air of secrecy about him, creating an unexplainable distance between him and others.
It became evident that Simona didn't truly know much about Stephen at all.
Bruno felt a pang of pity for Simona, realizing that as Stephen's girlfriend, she didn't know much about her boyfriend at all. After Bruno left, she sat down on a nearby chair, her mind wandering and her expression clouded with concern.
A little over ten minutes later, Stephen hurried in, backpack slung over one shoulder.
Upon seeing Simona, he quickly approached her, a look of remorse on his face. "Simona, I'm sorry. I've been hiding something from you."
His unexpected honesty caught Simona off guard. "You... Okay, go ahead. What is it that you've been keeping from me?"
Noticing her calm demeanor, Stephen felt a rush of unease.
"I haven't just been working part-time at the smoothie shop. I recently picked up another job. One day, while heading to my shift, I helped a woman who had fainted-she's my boss, the one I told you about last night.
"She felt I was trustworthy, and since my major aligned with her needs, she offered me a position at her new company. I accepted it and didn't discuss it with you because l thought I needed the income and the chance to gain experience, and it felt like an opportunity I couldn't pass up. 
"I had planned to surprise you after I got my first paycheck, take you out for a nice dinner, and share the news with you But then, things took a turn last night when my boss had some issues and came directly to campus to find me. It just so happened that your friend saw us. 
"Honestly, I wanted to surprise you that day with something really romantic. I wanted you to see just how great your boyfriend is and how hard I'm working. Unfortunately, your friend completely ruined my plans last night.
"I know that your friend didn't do it
on purpose, so I've forgiven him. But
what really frustrates me is that what should have been a surprise turned into a scare and a
el.
et
misunderstanding, which made you upset with me. Just for that, I can't bring myself to forgive him." 
After Stephen finished speaking, his expression was filled with grievance. Stephen was undeniably handsome, and now with that pitiful expression, it was easy to dismiss any doubts and just feel sorry for him.
Simona truly felt her resolve waver for a moment. She even thought that perhaps she had been a bit too harsh and shouldn't have doubted Stephen. After all, he hadn't meant for any of this to happen.
However, that thought only lingered for a moment before other ideas came to mind. "So, is that what's going on? The company hasn't opened yet, right? But I assume the location has already been chosen?" Simona asked.
###chapter1424
 
Stephen furrowed his brow. Simona had become much harder to fool than before.
Despite everything he had said, she still maintained a rather indifferent demeanor. "We just finalized the location. We're in the process of hiring staff and renovating the office space," he replied.
Simona suddenly noticed that Stephen hadn't made eye contact with her while saying this.
It seemed like Stephen disliked making eye contact. They rarely locked eyes when they spoke.
She wondered how she had never noticed this before. Then it hit her. She had noticed it in the past but had dismissed it, believing his explanation that he was simply shy.
"Can't you take me to see it?" she asked.
Stephen hesitated for a moment before finally meeting Simona's gaze. Their eyes locked.
Simona sensed an inquisitive look in Stephen's eyes. He seemed to be trying to figure out what she was thinking. Her heart skipped a beat when she realized that.
"Of course, I'll let my boss know. I'll take you to see it in the next couple of days, but it might be a bit messy since the renovation is still going on, and there's dust everywhere," Stephen said.
Simona lowered her head, lost in thought, and absentmindedly replied, "I just remembered that my brother asked me to come home for lunch, so I should head back. Let's keep in touch on WhatsApp."
With that, she stood up to leave. If Stephen hadn't noticed that something was off with Simona at that moment, then all the time he had spent studying her would have been truly in vain. He knew her well.
At this point, it was clear that Simona had begun to doubt him. He knew he had been neglecting her lately, but he also understood Simona well.
She was definitely suspicious about
his relationship with Rosa. If he
could dispel her doubts, then
issues they faced would be
much easier to handle. 
Simona didn't go home. Instead, she sought out Caleb.
During his lunch break, the two of them grabbed a bite to eat at the mall.
Caleb regarded Simona thoughtfully
l
and said, "You're not just here for a simple meal, are you? You must have something on your mind. We've known each other for years, so there's no need for pretense. Just say what you need to say 
Simona rolled her eyes. "Why do you have to be so annoying?"
"While I may be annoying, at least I'm sincere and a good friend. Otherwise, why would you come to me when you need help?" Caleb shot her a playful glare.
He really wanted to add that while
he could be annoying, at least he was sincere. Unlike Simona's boyfriend, Stephen, who presented himself as a charming, handsome college student but might be
be
involved with all sorts of unsavory
characters behind her back. 
There was even a chance he had picked up something nasty along the way. If he did, he should at least wait until after he broke up with Simona.
Simona truly found Caleb's words obnoxious, but she knew that when she needed someone she could trust, she could count on him.
She said directly, "Caleb, I think Stephen is hiding something from me."
Caleb's eyes widened in surprise. "You..."
###chapter1425
 
Caleb asked, "Do you know something?"
Caleb swallowed hard, suddenly alert. He had been avoiding talking to Simona for a while now. Even when their mutual friends mentioned Stephen, he tried his best to stay silent, holding back words that he felt he shouldn't say.
But now, it seemed Simona was about to give him a big surprise.
Seeing Caleb's reaction, Simona was momentarily taken aback. She then quickly responded, her tone laced with skepticism, "You know?"
Caleb nodded slowly. "Actually, I've been debating whether to tell you. I saw something with my own eyes that day, but I guess I can't explain it well. Let me just show you the photos."
He pulled out his phone and began scrolling through his gallery. As he searched, Simona's expression shifted, a sense of dread creeping in.
She had a hunch that Caleb was about to drop a bombshell that would leave her reeling. Deep down, she feared she wouldn't be able to handle the truth, and her instincts proved correct.
When Caleb finally found the photo and showed it to her, her face drained of color. It felt like a thunderbolt had struck her.
She felt frozen, cold, and as if her heart was shattering into pieces. Noticing her ashen face, Caleb quickly tried to reassure her. "It's just one guy. If he's not right for you, then you can find someone else.
"I thought from the first time I met him that he didn't deserve you. You both come from completely different backgrounds. At least now you're seeing the signs for yourself, which is a good thing."
Simona's vision blurred as darkness closed in around her.
The buzzing in her ears was deafening. Each image flashed before her eyes, hitting her like a slap to the face, making her painfully aware of her own ignorance and self-deception.
She realized how na?ve she had been.
"Are you... Are you okay?" Caleb asked, taken aback by Simona's silence. She was so quiet that it felt unsettling.
He had taken two photos that captured him and the woman clearly from good angles.
Simona opened her mouth to respond that she was fine, but the shock was too overwhelming for her to articulate a single word.
Seeing her pale face, Caleb quickly added, "Should I go confront him? I could punch him to let off some steam for you."
Even though he thought it would be distasteful to get his hands dirty dealing with someone like Stephen, he decided that if it made his friend happy it would be worth it. He could always wash his hands afterward; it wouldn't be a big deal. 
"Just send me that photo," Simona said as she handed the phone back to Caleb, unable to bear looking at it any longer.
The person in the photo looked so different from the Stephen she knew. It was then that she realized just how many sides he had. Stephen was capable of lying without flinching.
Seeing her expression remain
unfazed, Caleb felt a wave of relief.
"Sure, I'll send it right now. There's also a video. If Stephen tries to pull anything, you can use the photo and video to prove him wrong. 
He didn't have any bias against Stephen. In his eyes, he was just a freeloader.
He knew that once his true nature was revealed, he wouldn't back down easily. He might even resort to some underhanded tactics.
He was as annoying as a pesky gnat.
Simona's expression shifted
dramatically as she forced a self-deprecating smile. If Caleb could see through Stephen's fa?ade, it highlighted just how easily she had fallen for his sweet words. 
She had let herself be deceived time and again, convincing herself that everything was fine despite the truth staring her in the face.
It was utterly ridiculous.
"I'll call you if I need anything. Thanks for today, but I have to go." Simona realized she hadn't eaten much. Her hunger was now overwhelming. Caleb opened his mouth to stop her, but she turned and walked away quickly, leaving him no chance to say anything.
###chapter1426
 
Caleb's lips twitched in frustration.
A few minutes later, a thought struck Caleb, and he quickly called Skylar.
"Skylar, Simona just came to see me. She found out that Stephen had been hiding something from her, so I showed her the pictures of Stephen messing around with someone else. She didn't seem upset at first, but now I feel like something was off," he said.
Skylar was a bit surprised. "Simona left already?"
Caleb replied, "Yeah, she's gone. I think she seemed a little out of it. Perhaps you should call her to see how she's doing."
Skylar paused briefly. "Don't worry about it for now, and don't tell Simona that you called me. This is something else might need to handle herself." "Alright." Caleb didn't really understand what women were thinking, but if Skylar said to leave it alone, he would.
Skylar hung up and then called Aiken.
"Simona has found out about Stephen sneaking around with someone else. She's probably feeling really upset right now. Stephen isn't someone to be taken lightly, and I'm worried she might get hurt." Skylar shared her concern.
It was better to give Aiken a heads-up to prevent Stephen from pulling any more stunts. Aiken had already done so much recently and now might be the time to put those efforts to use.
Aiken's voice was calm yet serious. "Stephen pushed things too far this time. He underestimated Simona, and that's why she found out so soon. I think it's good timing. She needs to learn from this."
...
An hour later, Simona returned to campus by subway. Once there, she went straight to the library.
She sat at a table and opened a book, trying to read. But no matter how hard she tried, she couldn't focus.
The quiet atmosphere in the library helped her calm down a bit. After about ten minutes, she opened her phone and looked at the photos and video again.
When Simona went to see Caleb,
she intended to ask him to help her investigate Stephen. She wanted to know about his relationship with the boss her friend had seen him with at the park the previous night. 
et
She didn't expect Caleb to give her such a shocking surprise. She watched the video over and over again, trying to dull the ache in her chest bit by bit. Suddenly, her phone pinged with a WhatsApp message from her roommate. 
"Simona, look at this! Everyone's saying it's Stephen. Check it out and see if it's really him. If it is, he's such a bastard for sneaking around with another woman."
Attached were several pictures of Stephen passionately kissing Rosa at an intersection. They were so wrapped up in each other that they seemed to forget the world around them. 
Anyone who saw the images would think they were entirely unconcerned about how it looked to outsiders.
Simona opened the images one by one. At first, she didn't notice anything particular. But the last one caught her attention as she flipped through the pictures.
The woman's face was much clearer in that shot. This face looked familiar, but it wasn't the same woman that Caleb had photographed.
Moreover, the location in these photos was a busy intersection, whereas Caleb's was in front of a hotel.
These were two completely different women. But in both cases, Stephen was the man caught in the act. Simona felt an icy wave of despair wash over her at that moment.
###chapter1427
 
One had to admit that Stephen was a master at deceit. The way he was with the two different women in the photos was completely different. Not to mention how he acted with Simona. It was as if there were three different Stephens.
As Simona snorted derisively at her own naivety, Stephen suddenly called. Simona glanced at the screen, hesitating momentarily before answering as she walked out of the library.
"Simona, those photos circulating in the group chat are all fake! Not a single one is real. You can't believe them, and they've all been edited. Someone is jealous of me and did this.
"I'm going to explain everything in the group chat, and then I'll explain it to you. Simona, please trust me! Right now, you're the only one who can stand by me through this storm."
Stephen was really good at portraying himself as the victim, trying to garner more sympathy.
If Simona had been unaware of the truth, she would have undoubtedly believed him without hesitation, even going as far as to help him clarify everything for everyone. Just thinking about it made Simona scoff.
That scoff was clear enough for Stephen to hear. "Simona? Don't you trust me? Our relationship is so beautiful. I never thought you would doubt me during all this.
"I thought everyone in the world would mock me and kick me when I'm down, except for you. Simona, did someone say something to you? Please, don't believe it, okay?"
"Stephen, aren't you tired of playing different roles? If you're not tired, I feel exhausted for you," Simoana retorted.
She realized that he was not only deceiving her but also trying to manipulate her emotionally from a moral high ground. At that moment, she fully understood just how despicable and shameless Stephen was.
Stephen likely never expected Simona to respond like this. Though he felt panicked, he maintained his composure. "Simona, where are you right now? I'll come to find you. I don't care how others see me, but I don't want you to have any misunderstandings about me."
Simona glanced at the people coming in and out of the library and replied flatly, "I'm in the library."
There were some things she needed to clarify face-to-face with Stephen. She wanted him to understand that she was not some soft target to be toyed with or deceived.
Within ten minutes, Stephen hurriedly arrived. Sweat beaded on his forehead, clearly indicating his anxiety and fluster.
"Simona."
Hearing her name spoken so gently, if this had been before today, it would have felt filled with affection.
Simona remained expressionless,
her demeanor unchanging. As Stephen ran over, his mind was
consumed with how to explain everything to her, hoping to earn her complete trust. 
However, seeing her expressionless face made his heart drop. He sensed something was wrong. It seemed that Simona might not be as easily convinced as he had hoped.
"Why did you choose me, Stephen? With so many girls at school who like you, do you think I'm easy to deceive?" Simona asked, her tone a mixture of amusement and skepticism.
Stephen shook his head vigorously
as if trying to dispel her doubts. "It's not like that; Simona. Other girls liking me is their own business. I've never thought you were easy to deceive. I truly love you, and ove made plans for our future. 
"Once we graduate, I want to marry you. We'll have our own family and kids. We will be happy, and I will cherish you. Simona, please believe
me
You are the only woman 've ever loved." 
Such a heartfelt confession could easily leave any woman breathless. Many women couldn't withstand such a deep and sincere promise.
###chapter1428
 
Simona thought that if she hadn't discovered Stephen was a liar, she would have undoubtedly believed him. Perhaps she would have even thrown caution to the wind and married him.
But now... everything was a lie.
"Do you even believe your own lies? Stephen, while you pretended to have a passionate romance with me on campus, you were secretly seeing one woman after another, all for their money, right? Let me guess, the reason you pursued me wasn't just because you thought I was gullible, but because you thought I was rich?"
As Simona spoke these words, her heart ached painfully. She knew this was the truth. Stephen had his eyes on her family's wealth.
Recalling the details of their time together, she realized she had paid for everything when they went out. Although she didn't care much about money, Stephen seemed to contribute nothing but sweet words and emotional support.
Stephen was taken aback, truly panicking for the first time. "It's not like that. It's not how you think. I'm not that superficial.
"Yes, your family is wealthy, and mine is poor, but I know you're not materialistic and wouldn't judge someone based on their background. It's precisely because I understand you that I love you so much."
Watching Stephen's anxious face as he tried to explain himself, Simona felt increasingly clear-headed. She also found herself feeling foolish, even relieved.
At least she had no deeper ties to Stephen beyond their emotions. Otherwise, she would have no idea how to back out now.
"You can save those words for the other women. I was just waiting for you to come to the library so I could tell you in person that it's over between us," she said coldly.
Stephen's face fell at her words. "Over?"
"Yes, over. If we run into each other in the future, just pretend we don't know each other. There's nothing left to say." Simona's complexion was a bit pale.
To an outside observer, she seemed heartless. But inside, she felt her heart was aching.
She had invested all her genuine feelings into this relationship, only to find that her trust in Stephen had led to betrayal. This was unbearable to her, Simona felt her heart truly aching. 
Stephen stood frozen in shock. After coming to his senses, Stephen immediately chased after Simona, grabbing her by the arm.
"Simona, someone must have said
something to you to make you misunderstand me. Or was it those photos and videos? They must have been taken intentionally. That day... That kiss was my boss' doing. I was completely caught off guard," he explained. 
Stephen managed to come up with an explanation in no time, and it sounded plausible. Simona shook him off forcefully.
"Don't touch me!"
Stephen was stunned. He had never seen this side of Simona before.
"You say the kiss in the middle of the street was fake. What about this? This is you outside a hotel with another woman. Are you saying she forced herself on you too?
"Stephen, you may look good, but that doesn't explain why beautiful women keep throwing themselves at you," Simona said, her tone dripping with
sarcasm.
In her hand, her phone displayed a clear video of Stephen with another woman, capturing their intimate moments. The video showed their faces clearly, making it impossible for him to deny. 
###chapter1429
 
If the kiss with Rosa on the street could be explained, the video would be the ultimatum. It was clear that every move he made was deliberate.
Simona sneered after seeing Stephen's stunned expression. "Sorry for disappointing you, but I'm not stupid."
Stephen was speechless. He could only stare blankly as Simona walked away.
His life had always been smooth sailing; even when some women resented his deception, they never dared to do anything.
All these years, situations like this had only happened once.
Most of the women he dated loved him deeply and they were willing to give anything to him. Even when breaking up, they blamed themselves for not being good enough.
But Simona was different from anyone he had encountered before.
But who had taken those photos? Moreover, the angles of the photos and videos were perfect. They were clearly taken with intention.
How could someone run into an acquaintance in a city as big as Jipsburg so easily?
Back in the small town he grew up in, even while dating several women at the same time, none of them found out.
So, someone must have been stalking him on purpose. But who? Who would be so jealous of him?
As he was struggling to figure it out, a phone call came in.
"Stephen, what the hell is going on? Do you realize what you've done? Your personal actions are now affecting the university!"
Stephen felt his vision darken. "I'll give the university an explanation for this."
After hanging up, he immediately opened the class group chat.
More photos had been uploaded there-ones Simona had just shown him, along with others. Even pictures from his freshman year, when he was involved with an older woman, had surfaced. 
That period was a dark chapter in his life, something he never wanted anyone to know about. Yet now, someone had dug up those photos.
Suddenly, it became clear-someone was deliberately trying to ruin him.
Could it be Simona? Did she hate him so much for deceiving her that she hired someone to investigate him?
No. He immediately dismissed the idea. Simona wasn't that type of person.
If she had discovered he was playing multiple women, she would have confronted him directly, as she did today.
It had to be someone else.
Everyone was attacking him now. Although he had tried to claim that the first couple of photos were fake, that excuse no longer worked.
At that moment, he was overwhelmed with anxiety.
After leaving the library, Simona
didn't return to her dorm. She wasn't in the mood to face her roommates, fearing that they might console or question her. 
She needed a quiet space to be alone. So, she left campus and took a cab home.
On the way, she checked the class group chat. The gossip about Stephen had exploded in there.
Many people expressed sympathy for her, feeling that she had been deceived ruthlessly.
Her seniors and peers all texted her
to check on her, asking if she was okay. But, she just gave the same
UMS
response to everyone. "I'm fine." 
Looking out the car window, she dialed a number. "Aiken, are you coming home for dinner tonight?"
###chapter1430
 
Aiken was usually very busy. Whenever Simona asked if he would be home for dinner, he would answer that he couldn't eight out of ten times. But today, things seemed different.
"I'm already at home now."
Simona's eyes reddened when she heard her brother's voice.
Skylar was right. In this world, anyone could abandon her or approach her with ulterior motives, but her brother never would. Her brother was the person who treated her the best in the world.
In the evening, Skylar and Aiken discussed Simona's situation over video call.
Aiken told her that Simona acted as though nothing had happened, remaining silent when they had dinner together.
Skylar replied, "She probably doesn't want you to worry."
"She's definitely different from when she was younger. Now, she can process and face things on her own. But as for Stephen, I won't let him off the hook. He'll pay the price for deceiving my sister," Aiken said.
Skylar chuckled. That was Aiken's true nature.
It was also Stephen's bad luck.
All the women he had deceived before had let him go. That gave him the courage to continue his games. So, it was only a matter of time before his luck ran out.
"Are you on a call?"
Joe had just returned and walked straight into the room. He had raised his voice slightly on purpose as he had heard Aiken's voice from outside.
Aiken, who was chatting casually with Skylar, was clearly relaxed. As a man himself, Joe understood the soft tone Aiken used when talking to Skylar. Was he harboring thoughts about his wife?
Skylar looked over and greeted him, "You're back."
Seeing her gaze filled with affection, Joe felt a little more at ease. But his impression of Aiken was still unfavorable.
"Just got home," he said.
On the other end of the call, Aiken heard their conversation. Although he couldn't see Joe, he sensibly said, "I've got some other things to handle. We'll stop here and chat another time." 
Chat another time? Joe's brows furrowed.
Once things settled down, perhaps he should find an opportunity to meet Aiken face-to-face.
"Alright, goodbye." Skylar hung up and set her phone aside.
Then, she turned back to Joe and said, "You came back just in time. I'd like to talk to you about something."
"What is it?" Joe's face showed signs of fatigue, but he hid it well in front of Skylar.
Taking his hand, she guided him to sit down. "Let me give you a massage first."
Although Joe couldn't recall much of the past, he trusted whatever Skylar said.
As she gently massaged his
1
temples, she began, "I've almost fully recovered. If you can return early tomorrow, let's visit Grandma at Pearlhall Residence. Her health- wasn@great when she was in е Murida. I've been feeling a little uneasy these past few days. I'm worried about her condition." 
Besides, even if Gloria was unwell, she probably wouldn't tell them. Furthermore, Skylar just had an abortion and was still in recovery. Joe was also having a tough time at Martin Group. 
So, Gloria would have kept things from them.
And it was precisely for these reasons that Skylar felt that they shouldn't neglect Gloria. She didn't want Joe to look back on this period of their life with any regrets.
Joe closed his eyes, relaxing his tense and slightly aching head under Skylar's soothing touch. He had begun to feel drowsy.
"We'll go to Pearlhall Residence tomorrow evening. You can head there first, and I'll join you after I'm done with work. Let's stay there for a few days." "Okay!" Skylar agreed.
Suddenly, Joe grasped her hand. "Do you used to massage me like this?"
"A few times. But, later your headaches almost completely went away, so I stopped," Skylar recalled, smiling faintly at the memory.
Thinking back to the early days, when Joe was so defensive and distrustful of her, she found it rather amusing.
###chapter1431
 
Skylar and Joe went through many experiences together before they gradually came to trust each other. Looking back, those days from a few years ago felt like a dream.
Joe let out a soft hum before he released Skylar's hand. Then, he said in a low, gentle voice, "It still hurts." "Does it still hurt badly? Let me massage it a bit more. You can lie down," Skylar said with concern.
Joe had struggled with poor sleep over the years, and his insomnia now seemed worse than a few years ago.
Although things had improved somewhat recently, he still hadn't returned to his previous state.
It probably had something to do with the car accident, which left him with lingering aftereffects, causing occasional headaches.
Joe particularly enjoyed moments spent alone with Skylar. In truth, his headache wasn't as severe as he made it seem. He just relished how much she cared for him.
Aiken walked into the study and made a few phone calls, giving out several instructions.
Then, he brought a plate of fruits to Simona's room.
He wanted to knock and say a few comforting words. He understood that when it came to emotions, being hurt was naturally painful.
As her brother, he felt he had failed her. Years ago, he let her be bullied, and now she had been deceived. There was just no way he could simply let Stephen go.
Aiken raised his hand, about to knock, but somehow stopped himself. He thought if he went in now, it might only embarrass Simona.
So, he decided not to disturb her.
On the surface, he seemed like he would let Simona handle this herself and process the emotional pain. But deep down, he was determined to make Stephen pay!
Stephen hadn't expected the situation to spiral out of control.
He even held onto the faint hope that as long as he came up with a solution, he could win Simona back.
As for the endless stream of photos
being shared in the group chat, he had figured out that someone was deliberately leaking them. It must be one of his middle or high school classmates who had been jealous of him. 
BUMS
Now that they found the chance, they were using every opportunity to smear his reputation and drag him down.
After his argument with Simona in the afternoon, he left the university and checked into a hotel. He had plenty of money in his bank account, enough to maintain a comfortable lifestyle
elser some time. 
Sitting in the luxurious room of a five-star hotel, he anxiously scrolled through the barrage of accusatory messages directed at him.
The university was even considering suspending him until the scandal blew over in an effort to minimize the damage.
He tried to explain, claiming he was being framed and the photos were fake. But none of the university management and lecturers believed him.
Even his dorm mates, who lived with
him, were now voicing their distrust, sharing comments about how he rarely stayed in the dorms. Some classmates even accused him of being manipulative. 
The flood of criticism overwhelmed him. No matter how much he tried to explain, it only seemed to backfire.
And the worst part was that many of these accusations were true.
Stephen gripped his hair in frustration. He had always been the golden child others admired, rising from a poor background to achieve so much.
So, there was no way he would resign himself to the disgrace of being suspended from university!
###chapter1432
 
Stephen had invested so much effort into Simona, even falling for her, but she chose to believe others over him.
Now, she had even blocked him on WhatsApp. This was her way of cutting ties with him completely.
Stephen refused to accept it.
If it had been Rosa, he wouldn't care as much. He was only using her for money after all. But Simona was different. He wanted more than just her money; he wanted her.
Finally, after dialing her number repeatedly, he managed to get through.
"Simona, please don't ignore me, okay? Right now, it feels like the whole world is against me. I never realized there were so many people waiting to see me fail, trying to push me down.
"I admit that I lied to you about some things, but my feelings for you are real! I love you. I need you! I can't live without you.
"Simona, please meet me one more time. I'm at the same hotel where you first took me, in the same room. Just come see me okay?
"Even if you want to end things, it shouldn't be the way it ended this afternoon. Give me a chance to explain."
Stephen poured out his words in a rush as soon as the call connected. His voice trembled with nervousness, making it sound as if he truly loved Simona to the core.
Simona had originally planned to hang up, but she accidentally answered the call.
She had gone for a shower and didn't bring her phone with her. She only heard her phone ring when she got out and planned to reject the call and block the number.
But after hearing Stephen's lengthy speech, her pale face regained a bit of color.
If Stephen had owned up to his behavior of cheating with multiple women and all that, Simona might have seen him in a new light.
However, he was still acting like he had done nothing wrong, still trying to deceive her.
It was clear that he didn't respect her at all. He really thought that she was stupid enough to be fooled again and again.
"Stephen, I forgot to say one last thing to you this afternoon," Simona said in an unusually calm tone.
Stephen's eyes lit up at that. "Yes?"
"Idiot!" With that, Simona ended the call and immediately blocked his number.
While the insult gave her a sense of satisfaction, it wasn't long before she felt uneasy again.
She had truly liked Stephen.
When he was pleading with her to reconcile, she had felt a momentary urge to go to the hotel to see him.
Simona had even thought that, compared to the other two women, she might hold the most important place in his heart.
But she crushed the thought as soon as it emerged. She would never degrade herself like that. She deserved a proper and healthy relationship, not some twisted and toxic mess. 
Stephen stared at his phone in disbelief.
What did Simona just call him? An idiot? Was she insulting him?
"Simona, are you crazy? Do you really think can't live without you? Who's the needy one between us? Let's see who's the one who ends up begging the other. I don't believe
that you've truly stopped loving me!" 
UMS
He raked his fingers through his hair in frustration.
At that moment, Rosa suddenly called him. The last thing Stephen wanted to deal with her right now.
But knowing things with Simona were likely beyond repair, he took a deep breath and reluctantly answered the call.
"What's wrong with you? Didn't you
tell me I was your only girlfriend aside from the one from university? Didn't you say you only loved me? How come you have so many
girlfriends now? 
"Stephen, I trusted you, but you lied to me!" Rosa's fury exploded through the phone. It was as though she wanted to skin him alive.
This outburst made Stephen take a sharp breath. How did Rosa find out?
"I've offended some people before. So, they faked the photos. Those were all edited. I've never lied to you!
"I think it must be my ex-girlfriend who hired someone to set me up. I'm sorry, Rosa. I'll stop bothering you from now on. It's my fault for causing you trouble."
###chapter1433
 
After he finished, Stephen's face twisted into a cold sneer.
Rosa hesitated for a few seconds before replying, "Wait a moment. Where are you right now? Let's meet and talk in person. You're right. Not everything online is true. A lot of it is fake."
Having dealt with reporters herself and even staged a suicide attempt once, she knew exactly what was real and what was fabricated.
She didn't believe that Stephen's girlfriend could be so jealous. The young woman had only discovered Stephen with her yesterday, but there was such chaos online by today. This was clearly an attempt to ruin Stephen.
At a time like this, there was no way she was going to give up on Stephen.
Stephen, having perfectly read Rosa, knew that his strategy of feigning retreat would reel her back in without fail.
Stephen's scandal quickly went viral as videos of the incident were shared online, causing a public uproar.
By the next day, Stephen announced his withdrawal from the university.
Meanwhile, after Simona posted on her social media announcing her breakup with Stephen, she was met with a flood of congratulatory messages from friends and acquaintances.
After spending a night resting at home, Simona returned to university the next day as if nothing had happened.
Around noon, Skylar called her.
"Skylar, I made you worry again," Simona said, knowing exactly why Skylar had called.
To be honest, she hadn't expected things to spiral so wildly out of control. Not only had Stephen become infamous at the university, but he was also the target of widespread criticism online.
She had also learned more about Stephen's darker, hidden side.
Thinking back to how she had once joyfully discussed Stephen with Skylar, she felt her intelligence must have taken a complete nosedive during the time she was dating him.
Skylar's voice was warm and steady. "You've grown up."
She was proud that Simona had stayed composed and handled the situation well. Simona had managed to avoid letting it affect her overall demeanor.
She had been worried after
et
discovering Stephen's deceit might
crush Simona. But to her surprise, Simona had already mustered the courage to face it head-on. 
Upon hearing that, Simona's eyes turned a little red. "Skylar, honestly, I'm really sad."
"That's normal. After all, you truly fell
1.ne
for him. We're not robots. So, it's okay to feel pain. The winter break is coming soon. Perhaps you can consider going on a trip somewhere to clear your mind," Skylar
suggested. 
Simona nodded firmly. "That's exactly what I was thinking too. Once the semester ends, I want to travel for a bit."
A change of scenery would be the perfect way to refresh her mood.
"Skylar, are you in the car?" Simona asked, hearing the faint sound of car horns in the background.
"Yes, I'm on my way to Pearlhall Residence."
"Please send my regards to
for a long time. When I get theet
Grandma Gloria. I haven't seen her
chance, I would love to visit her too," Simona said. 
"Will do."
After their call ended, Simona glanced toward the library nearby. She needed to look up some materials.
Once she had chosen a book and settled into a seat, someone approached her.
"You're Simona Parkinson, right? Someone asked me to pass this to you."
The person handed her an item and left immediately, giving her no chance to refuse.
Frowning, Simona looked at the postcard in front of her. Then, she flipped it over to see what it said.
###chapter1434
 
Simona's expression turned icy when she saw the contents of the postcard.
It was from Stephen's so-called boss-the same woman who had been entangled with him, embracing and kissing him on the street.
The postcard contained a threatening message directed at her.
"You're Simona, right? Don't be too overbearing. You're so domineering at such a young age-aren't you afraid your future boyfriends will leave you too?
"You've really hurt Stephen. Do you think making him look bad on social media will make him stay with you? Let me tell you, it'll only push him further away.
"I'll be here to support him through this difficult time, but I hope you'll one day realize your mistake and sincerely apologize to Stephen online and let everyone know the truth!
"Don't think that what you did won't come out eventually. When it does, you're the one who will be in trouble. Young lady, don't think that being young gives you the right to act recklessly!"
Simona's lips twitched. What kind of ridiculous nonsense was this?
This woman was obviously completely brainwashed by Stephen. And it was clear that Stephen had blamed her for the entire situation.
Now, she truly realized just how low Stephen was. Those two were perfect for each other-they should stay together and stop dragging others into their mess.
Skylar's sudden arrival at Pearlhall Residence caught Gloria and Edgar off guard.
Gloria had just returned from the hospital the day before and was not in great condition. Even getting out of bed was a struggle today.
When Edgar saw Skylar, he froze in shock, standing still for several seconds.
"Mrs. Martin, why are you back?" Edgar asked hurriedly after snapping out of his reverie.
Skylar noticed his odd reaction. The way Edgar looked at her even seemed a little panicked.
Frowning, she asked, "I missed Grandma. Is she resting in her room?"
Edgar's eyes darted nervously. "Mrs. Martin, please have a seat. Mrs. Martin Senior was just resting. I'll go check if she's awake."
A heavy feeling crept into Skylar's heart. If she didn't realize something was wrong now, she would truly be blind.
"I'll go check myself. Joe will also be coming back soon. We're planning to stay here for a while," Skylar said, striding quickly upstairs as she spoke. Edgar's expression changed as he hurried after her.
Soon, Skylar entered Gloria's room and saw her lying on the bed.
Gloria looked pale, and when she opened her eyes to look at Skylar the usual light in them was absent. She appeared weak and fragile, a stark contrast to her usual spirited self. 
This was the first time Skylar had seen Gloria so frail. Even during her difficult period in Murida, when she had been hospitalized for nearly a month, she had seemed in better shape than now. 
"Skye, you're here? I was a bit tired earlier and just took a nap. I'm still not fully awake," Gloria said, her voice feeble.
Although Gloria tried her best to act normal, she couldn't hide her weakness and sickly demeanor.
Skylar was momentarily stunned
before turning to look at Edgar, who
had followed her in. Seeing the
redness in Edgar's eyes, Skylar instantly understood the truth about Gloria's health. 
Back in Murida, the doctors had told her that Gloria's condition wouldn't allow her to hold on for much longer.
Still, she had hoped for a miracle. But now...
Skylar felt her heart tremble. "I missed you, Grandma. I got so used to living with you in Murida that I don't want to be apart from you now.
"Grandma, how about Joe and I move back here? A family should live together, don't you think?" Skylar said, keeping her tone light and warm, like a child longing for her family.
Gloria smiled weakly. "Oh, my dear... Young people aren't supposed to want to live with old people like me. You and Joe should enjoy your time together as a couple.
"I'm doing just fine. Don't worry about me. As long as you and Joe are happy, I'm happy."
###chapter1435
 
Skylar held Gloria's hand. It was cold, almost devoid of warmth.
"Grandma, please let me stay here. I just want to be with you," she said, playfully acting spoiled.
Whenever Skylar acted like this, Gloria couldn't resist her. Even if it meant taking medicine she didn't like, she would comply.
Gloria, understanding Skylar's intent, felt her eyes sting. So, she nodded helplessly and said, "Alright, alright. I will let you stay."
Originally, Gloria had hoped to recover some strength before allowing them to return. She didn't want to worry them. But now, it seemed they had found out about her condition.
Her body was failing her. She had thought that after a few days of rest, she'd be back to her old self. But now, even sitting up was a challenge. After living together for over three years, Skylar probably understood her physical condition better than she herself did.
Edgar, witnessing the scene, turned away to wipe his tears. He had been hoping for Joe and Skylar to return as he knew Gloria's time was limited, and she needed her family's presence.
But Gloria didn't want to burden them. She had insisted on waiting and had even prioritized Skylar's health.
Gloria always thought of everyone else but never herself.
It broke Edgar's heart. He could only hope that in her final days, Gloria would be in less pain.
Ten minutes later, Gloria was exhausted and fell asleep again.
Skylar and Edgar quietly left the room.
As soon as the door closed, Skylar asked in a choked voice, "What did the doctor say?"
Edgar sighed and replied, "The
doctor said it's a matter of no more
than a month. I wanted to call you both but Mrs. Martin Senior didn't allow it, afraid you'd worry. 
"Despite her condition, she's still thinking about you and Mr. Martin. She even made arrangements for me and Veronica. She thinks of everyone but herself."
Gloria had even bought retirement insurance for him and Veronica, ensuring they'd have no concerns their later years. Their monthly. pensions would far exceed the combined salaries of their children and in-laws. 
Having spent so many years with Gloria, they had come to see her as their closest family member.
Hearing this, Skylar couldn't hold back her tears any longer and cried silently.
She went downstairs after a few minutes.
Her vision was still blurred as she glanced at Joe's messages. He asked about Gloria's condition and whether Skylar was tired from the trip and assured her he was already on his way back. 
Taking a deep breath, she replied with trembling fingers. "You need to be prepared. Grandma's condition is not good. The doctor says she has at most a month left."
Joe's reply came quickly. "I'm here for you. Don't be sad. We'll stay by Grandma's side together and make sure she's comfortable." "Okay."
In an apartment somewhere, Kevin held a compass in one hand while several sheets of paper were spread across the table.
He had locked himself in the study all afternoon without eating or drinking. His eyes seemed to flicker with light, but it quickly faded again.
###chapter1436
 
In the end, Kevin sighed helplessly, saying, "Fine. I've lived to this age. It doesn't matter anymore whether I live or die now.
"If I could have one chance to be reborn, let me not be Kevin anymore. Let me have a chance to stay by Viola's side!"
He calculated and planned endlessly for himself, only to realize that his fate with Viola was painfully shallow.
Years ago, Viola traveled abroad to see him. At the time, due to some issues, his face was covered with sores. Fearing he would frighten her, he refused to meet her.
Who would have thought that this one refusal would lead to them never meeting again in this lifetime?
"If the heavens pity me, then please give me one more chance to see Viola again!"
He stared at the compass in his hand and used all his strength as if trying to change the markings on it. But it was all in vain.
A thin trickle of blood trickled from the corner of his mouth.
Finally, as if all his strength had drained away, he collapsed weakly onto the table. The compass fell from his hand, hitting the floor with a dull thud. Hours later, the cleaning lady discovered Kevin's lifeless body.
Skylar received a call in the middle of the night.
A lawyer had called to inform her that Kevin had passed away. Before his death, he left a will, transferring all his assets to her to handle as she saw fit.
The news jolted Skylar wide awake, and she couldn't sleep again.
"Let's go to the hospital to check," Joe suggested.
After thinking for a moment, Skylar nodded. "Alright, let's go."
She didn't care about Kevin's assets. Even if they were given to her, she planned to donate everything in his name.
Still, reflecting on Kevin's life stirred a complicated mix of emotions in her. There was also Viola's life.
She didn't know how Viola viewed Kevin. Perhaps it was something only Viola herself knew. It was a puzzle that only Viola could solve.
Still, Skylar felt she should see Kevin one last time and help lay him to rest.
When they arrived at the hospital, they were informed that Kevin's body had already been sent to the crematorium. By the time they arrived at the crematorium, Kevin had already been cremated 
The lawyer Kevin had hired handled the entire process.
"Mr. Zindel's instructions were to have his ashes scattered at sea after cremation, will proceed with the application and fulfill his final wishes according to the timeline. He also left a letter for Ms. Sullivan, which I was instructed to deliver to you." 
Skylar's emotions were complex as she received the letter.
Joe looked at her with concern.
Sensing his gaze, Skylar looked up and said, "He wrote that he wanted to apologize to me. He admitted that some of his actions were extreme and that he acted without
considering whether I needed him to 
"But he said he didn't regret it because he believed that no cursed item would ever escape me in the future.
"He also mentioned that Viola had some kind of special destiny. No matter what methods he tried, he couldn't see her again, and that was his greatest regret in life."
Kevin said Viola had a special destiny. Did that mean she might have been reborn in some parallel timeline, like Skylar herself? If so, that would be wonderful.
"He did care for you in his way," Joe said.
Skylar nodded. It was precisely this care that made her feelings toward Kevin so complicated. But now he was gone. The only thing left for her to do was to help him with one final matter.
"I'll donate all the assets he left me in his name. It's the least I can do to help him accumulate good karma."
"That's a good idea," Joe said.
###chapter1437
 
The morning sun shone brightly, and many elderly folks and young people were already out exercising in the park.
Stephen hadn't returned to campus since deciding to take a break from university. Instead, he had been living at Rosa's house.
The two of them were now officially living together.
However, Stephen only pretended to be delighted about their cohabitation and advancing their relationship. Deep down, he still couldn't let go of Simona.
Ever since starting university, Stephen had meticulously observed those who liked him, analyzed who was worth his time, and carefully selected Simona.
He hadn't yet achieved everything he wanted, but now they had broken up.
No matter how much he tried to talk to or explain things to her, she refused to listen. Her cold and resolute attitude left him feeling even more resentful.
After running for a few miles, Stephen sat down to rest.
Suddenly, someone sat beside him. That person then said, "I can tell you're at the most difficult point in your life right now. Do you want to turn everything around?"
Stephen turned to look at the man beside him.
He was impeccably dressed in a suit, completely out of place among those out exercising in the morning. It seemed as though he was waiting there specifically for Stephen.
Stephen narrowed his eyes, suspiciously sizing up the man. "Who are you?"
"It doesn't matter who I am. What matters is that I can help you. Do you believe me?" the man asked in a deep voice.
Stephen frowned. "Who exactly are you? You say you can help me do you even know what I'm going through?"
"You're being harassed online, and your girlfriend has abandoned you, isn't that right? You worked hard to pursue her, only to be blindsided when she left you without a second glance as soon as trouble arose. Am I wrong?"
Stephen's eyes widened in shock.
It was true he was being harassed online, but as a relatively unknown
person he assumed strane know
wouldn't recognize him whenhe wore a hat and glasses. 
There was just something uncanny about this man.
"I can help you win your girlfriend's heart back. Afterward, no matter what happens, she'll never leave you again," the man added.
These words seemed even more
surreal, yet Stephen latched ontonel
them like a drowning man grasping a lifeline. He began to trust the man. "Are you serious?" 
The man chuckled as if he had complete control over the situation. "Of course. If I weren't serious, I wouldn't have sought you out."
Hearing this, Stephen seemed bewitched and began to trust the stranger. "Alright, help me then! I'll do whatever it takes as long as I get what I want."
The man, clearly pleased with Stephen's reaction, nodded and took an emerald charm out of a briefcase.
"Wear this. Spend at least two hours with your girlfriend, and then collect a drop of her blood on it. After that she'll be utterly devoted to you. But you'll need to agree to one
condition," the man instructoNer
Stephen's eyes lit up. "Tell me."
As long as it wasn't something illegal, he wouldn't hesitate.
"You must copy this talisman by hand," the man said, pulling out two pieces of paper-one with a pre-drawn symbol and one blank. Stephen hesitated. "What kind of talisman is this?"
"A talisman to help people. It won't harm you-it'll actually help you succeed," the man assured him.
"Alright." Stephen no longer hesitated.
He had never believed in such things before, but since this could potentially benefit him without any risk, why not give it a try?
###chapter1438
 
"Once it's done, pay me 50 thousand dollars," the man added.
Stephen, who valued money above all else, hesitated upon hearing the amount.
The man chuckled. "You can back out if you want, but without these items I'm giving you, there's absolutely no chance between you and that young woman.
"Her family is far from ordinary, and she has a very capable elder brother who will stand in the way of your relationship."
Hearing this, Stephen no longer hesitated. "Alright! I agree!"
...
Gloria's condition had improved slightly in the past few days under Skylar and Joe's care. She could now get out of bed and move around a little, even though she was still weak.
Skylar would help her walk from upstairs to downstairs.
Her favorite activity was sitting together with Skylar to watch TV. The duo would chat about the characters on screen, sharing lighthearted moments. Though she still struggled to eat-managing only a few spoonfuls of oatmeal-she relied on nutritional supplements to maintain her energy. Even when she felt unwell and could barely keep her eyes open after 30 minutes of TV, Skylar stayed quietly by her side.
Joe had been exceptionally busy these past few days. He left early after breakfast, but no matter how late he worked, he made sure to return to the mansion at night so he could see Gloria the next morning.
The three of them shared a deep bond.
Gloria, knowing she had little time left, remained cheerful and optimistic every day.
"Grandma, who do you think the female lead really likes?" Skylar pointed at the TV and asked. The two had been binge-watching this drama for several days now. The male lead was Skylar's brother, Charles.
"It's definitely your brother. He's handsome," Gloria replied with a smile.
Skylar nodded in agreement.
et
"Charles is the male lead, after all This drama is centered around him, but don't like the female lead's
character. 
"She's always indecisive-one
moment she thinks of the second
male lead because he's her
childhood sweetheart, the next she
admires my brother for his
boldness." 
"We're on the same page. This female lead is a bit annoying," Gloria said.
Edgar would occasionally join them
after he was done with work. He
said, "There are women like that in in real life too-unable to make up their minds. I don't like it either. Honestly, if it weren't for Mrs. Martin's brother, I wouldn't even bother watching this drama." 
The three exchanged glances and couldn't help but laugh.
At that moment, an unexpected guest arrived. A maid said that it was Ernest.
Gloria frowned. "What's he doing here?"
Ernest was a scheming man who only visited when he wanted something. From the moment Gloria married into the Martin family, she disliked him. Over the years, his despicable actions only deepened her aversion.
Now that she was nearing the end of her life, she saw no reason to feign politeness.
"Grandma, there's no need to meet with people you don't want to see," Skylar said, frowning as well.
Gloria's mood had been improving, and there was no point in letting someone like Ernest ruin it.
Gloria nodded and told Edgar, "Go tell him I'm sleeping and can't see him. If he has anything to say, he can say it to you."
Edgar immediately went out to deliver the message.
###chapter1439
 
Within a few minutes, Edgar returned.
Skylar looked at him and asked, "What does Ernest want now?"
"He said he wants to invite Mrs. Martin to Avalon Residence. He claims that there seem to be some cursed items causing unrest for their family recently," Edgar replied.
Gloria let out a cold snort upon hearing this. "Of course, he only shows up when there's trouble. Who does he think he is? Why should Skye go just because he invites her? Ridiculous!"
Edgar nodded in agreement. "Exactly. His attitude was so arrogant. It was as if he was doing Mrs. Martin a huge favor by coming to invite her personally. He really overestimates himself!
"I immediately refused him. Mrs. Martin is still in her recovery and shouldn't leave the house unnecessarily. It's not worth risking her health for their family's problems."
"Good, that's settled," Gloria approved.
Skylar didn't say much, but her thoughts drifted to what Kevin had mentioned during his recent visit to the mansion.
He had said that there were indeed items in Avalon Residence that he had used to assist Joe. Kevin explained that Joe's return was partly thanks to those items. But Skylar suspected the car accident Joe experienced in Murida might also have been related.
She decided she would visit Avalon Residence eventually, but now wasn't the right time.
Her priority was staying by Gloria's side.
As Edgar reached the door, Skylar called out, "Edgar, let him know I'll visit in two weeks."
"Understood."
After Edgar left, Gloria's face remained sour. "That man gets more annoying with age."
Skylar chuckled. "But his money isn't annoying. I'll go and make a fortune off him."
Gloria couldn't help but laugh. "You, always the cheeky one!"
Skylar's expression turned serious. "Actually, I just want to check if
theres ento
harmful to Joe
there." 
Gloria was momentarily stunned but then nodded gently. "It's a good idea to take a look. That family isn't trustworthy. Who knows what tricks they've been up to there over the years." 
Whenever Gloria mentioned Ernest's family, her face filled with disdain and loathing.
et
Knowing her time was short, she had lost all patience for pretense She didn't even want to see people she disliked for a single second. 
BUMS
Perhaps it was true that as people age, they regain some of a child's straightforwardness. "Grandma, let's go upstairs and rest. I'll massage your legs," Skylar said, changing the topic.
Gloria, feeling weak and fatigued, agreed. "Alright, alright."
...
Skylar stirred in her sleep when she vaguely heard a sound nearby late at night.
Opening her eyes drowsily, she saw a familiar figure. "You're back?"
"Mm, go back to sleep," Joe said, pulling Skylar into his arms and planting a gentle kiss on her forehead.
Nestling against him, Skylar quickly drifted back to sleep.
Joe, holding her close, soon fell asleep as well.
...
Meanwhile, Simona went to her favorite restaurant for lunch in the afternoon.
###chapter1440
 
Even though she was dining alone, Simona still ordered her favorite dishes.
As she chatted with friends on her phone while enjoying her meal, someone suddenly sat across from her.
When she looked up, she realized it was Stephen. Her expression immediately soured. "Why are you here?"
Stephen was visibly displeased by her attitude. "We were a couple. No matter what's happened lately, you shouldn't treat me like this when we meet. Simona, you're breaking my heart."
Simona rolled her eyes. "Enough. Don't start."
Over the past few days, she had taken a hard look at their relationship. The more she thought about it, the more she realized how foolish she had been. It was as if she had lost her ability to think.
From the very beginning, Stephen had been manipulating her with all sorts of tactics, making her believe that since she had money, she should spend more so they could both be happy.
But in truth, it was all part of his scheme.
Stephen appeared to have a strong sense of pride and reacted dramatically when treated differently. But in reality, he was just a shameless person. He was perfectly content to benefit from others' sacrifices.
It baffled her how she hadn't noticed such a despicable trait before. Maybe it was due to her lack of experience or an unwillingness to think so poorly of people.
Stephen frowned. "It's been so many days, and you still don't get it? I've been waiting for you to call me.
"Simona, are you saying that our relationship can't weather even a small storm? You used to say you loved me."
Simona snorted coldly. "That was because I wasn't seeing things clearly. I have improved now, so not just anyone can come to me. I don't want to argue in public and disturb others, so get lost."
At that moment, Simona realized she had completely lost any feelings for Stephen.
Yesterday, just recalling their relationship had made her uncomfortable. But now, seeing Stephen in person, she felt only one thing-he was utterly repulsive.
Stephen narrowed his eyes. On the way over, he had been hopeful that Simona still had some affection for him.
He prided himself on being able to
make women fall deeply for him
Even when he made mistakes, they would eventually blame themselves. 
Over the past couple of days, he had tried contacting Simona through various platforms, hoping to remind her of their happier days.
But Simona had completely ignored him.
This woman was colder and more ruthless than he had imagined!
"Simona, you've disappointed me. How can you be so heartless? Yes, I was wrong. I let you down. I came here today to apologize.
"I admit that during our relationship,
I was
deepved with someone else.
regret it now and forgive me this once.
belongs to 
you
"From now on, you'll be the only one in my heart, the only one I'll love.
"Simona, I even picked out this emerald charm for you. I knew at first sight that it would suit you perfectly."
As he spoke, Stephen placed the charm in front of her.
Simona remained expressionless, not even sparing it a glance. "I don't need it, and you don't need to apologize to me. Take it away." Stephen's expression darkened, and suddenly, he grabbed her hand.
et
As if by accident, the knife she had been using to cut her steak nicked her hand. Simona's delicate skin was easily injured, and though the knife wasn't particularly sharp, still left a fine cut that began to bleed immediately. 
Stephen quickly pressed the charm against the blood on her hand.
Simona winced in pain and shouted, "What are you doing?"
Snapping back to reality, Stephen repeatedly apologized. "I'm sorry! I didn't mean it. Let me take you to the hospital right now!"
###chapter1441
 
"You..."
Simona initially wanted to scold Stephen, maybe even slap him. But as she lifted her gaze, she noticed the worry on Stephen's face.
Suddenly, she found herself unable to say the harsh words she wanted to. Moreover, a thought crept into her mind that made her want to forgive him. After all, Stephen hadn't done it on purpose.
Also, he was really quite pitiful since the online harassment started. So, for him to come to see her must mean he genuinely cared for her.
He seemed truly remorseful.
Besides, everyone makes mistakes. One mistake shouldn't condemn someone forever. None of this would have happened if he had met her earlier and started a relationship with her.
Stephen noticed the rapid change in Simona's expression. It made his eyes widen, and his heart raced.
Did it work? Yes, it worked!
That man hadn't lied to him. It was a well-spent 50 thousand dollars!
Janine originally planned to have a quick lunch at the office. She had asked someone to order food, and it arrived moments before her phone rang. It was Ted.
"Let's grab lunch together, Janine. I happen to need your advice on something."
Ted had mentioned before that he wanted to consult her about something, so Janine readily agreed. "Which restaurant?"
"I'll come pick you up."
"Okay."
15 minutes later, the two of them were seated at a nearby restaurant.
As they settled in, Ted's gaze lingered on Janine. He couldn't help but notice how younger she looked than her age. She even looked so much younger than he was.
Ever the gentleman, Ted asked about her preferences before ordering.
The two of them seemed to click naturally. Their conversation flowed so well that it felt like they'd known each other forever, and time passed without either noticing.
During their discussion, Janine realized how mature Ted was.
His insights into life were deeper and more profound than hers, even though she was several years older. She found herself feeling like the one who had gained the most from their meeting. 
After finishing their meal, they left the restaurant, still chatting as they walked.
Then, Janine got into Ted's car.
Charles, who happened to be in his car nearby, saw everything. He was about to have lunch with his crew members.
He was stunned and couldn't believe his eyes. He had to sneak a few more glances to confirm. "It's really my mom!"
But who was the man with her?
The two of them were laughing and talking as they got into the same car-clearly familiar with each other.
Charles immediately told his team to head to the restaurant without him and hurriedly hid in his car to call Steven.
"Steven, I have to tell you something. Mom might be seeing someone! It looks like a man is pursuing her, and she seems to like him too.
"I couldn't get a good look at him,
but he seemed refined and probably younger than Mom. But then you wouldn't really notice the age
difference. You know how Mom
looks so young that people always think we're siblings? But I think we need to brace ourselves. We might be getting a stepdad soon!" 
The more Charles spoke, the more excited he became. He wasn't against their mom dating or even remarrying.
et
Janine had been on her own for years, dedicating herself to her children. Now that they were all grown up and busy with their careers or families, they hardly had time to return home often. 
Having someone by her side to care for her, someone who could keep her company would give them peace of mind.
###chapter1442
 
For some reason, this whole situation between Janine and Ted felt a bit strange, though it was hard to describe exactly why.
Steven was surprised and asked, "Are you sure he's not an employee from the company?"
"Of course I'm sure! That vibe and presence he doesn't seem like just an employee. My eyes are sharp!"
Charles might not have much personal experience in relationships, but having acted in so many dramas and movies and met so many people, he felt confident in his observations.
"Let's investigate this, or I'll ask Mom directly. But for now, don't alert her or cause any commotion," Steven advised cautiously.
Charles, who always listened to Steven, immediately nodded. "Alright, got it."
After hanging up, Steven's expression grew serious.
At this point, he was almost certain that that man was their father, but he needed more evidence to confirm it. If Janine truly had feelings for someone
new...
He thought back to a recent discussion he had with Mona.
Perhaps maintaining the status quo would actually be the best option for Janine.
After such a long time, everyone's lives had taken a different path. Maybe leaving things undisturbed was the most peaceful way forward. Moreover, Janine now clearly seemed ready to embrace a new chapter in her life.
If that was the case, then...
Steven decided it was better to keep this to himself. His eyes darkened, growing increasingly unreadable.
...
Skylar found out about Janine's new relationship one afternoon.
It was Natalie who sent her the photos. It showed Janine and Ted shopping at the mall together.
From the photos, Ted appeared to be a true gentleman, attentive and caring. He carried all the shopping bags, and Janine's face bore an expression Skylar had never seen before-shy and bashful. 
Skylar examined the photos several times, scrutinizing every detail.
The man in the photos was none other than Ted, the same person who had accompanied Janine back home last time.
At that time, Skylar had sensed that Ted's gaze toward Janine was not
that of a mere friend or colleaset
But since Janine had injured her foot, Skylar's primary concern was her recovery, so she hadn't paid much attention to Ted. 
Skylar supported Janine in having a new relationship.
However, relationships in middle age often had complexities. What kind of person was Ted? Was he truly sincere about Janine?
Janine had always been a reserved woman-otherwise, she wouldn't have remained a widow for so many years. Skylar wouldn't allow someone with ulterior motives to deceive her mother.
With this in mind, she contacted Steven and Charles, deliberately leaving Harvey out. The three of them created a private chat group.
Skylar shared the photo in the group and said, "It seems like Mom might be dating someone. I've met this person before but didn't think much about their relationship at the time.
"He's the manager responsible for leasing the building my company operates in, so Mom likely interacts with him frequently."
With frequent interactions, it was natural for feelings to develop over time.
Charles responded, "I've seen him too. I ran into them when I was having lunch with the crew about a week ago. I saw them leaving a restaurant together and getting into the same car.
"This doesn't seem like some gold digger trying to scam Mom for money. I've even been considering hiring a private investigator to look into this man properly."
Steven then replied, "Don't act rashly just yet. I'll find an opportunity to meet him myself." Charles replied to Steven, "You've been so busy lately. Do you still have time to meet him?"
After that, Skylar said, "Neither of you is in the best position to handle this. Since I'm the company owner have a legitimate reason to meet with him. But we should mentally prepare ourselves to accept that Mom might really be in a new relationship." 
###chapter1443
 
The siblings felt that they might be a little uncomfortable at first.
Suddenly, they had a new family member, one who was supposed to be their stepfather. It would feel odd calling him Uncle Ted or Dad.
They seemed to reach the same thought simultaneously.
Charles was the first to speak up. "I don't mind it. When acting, I've called people younger than me Dad, Father, or even Grandpa. As long as Mom is happy, I can call him Dad."
Steven replied, "I'll call him Uncle Ted."
Skylar found herself at a loss for words. Uncle Ted seemed manageable, but to refer to Ted as Dad might be too much for her.
Charles then added, "I just hope he's a good person. If he truly cares about Mom, I could even accept it if he's 15 or 16 years younger than her. Plus, older women dating younger men is trending now."
Skylar replied, "I'm fine with it too."
After that, Steven said, "I have work to do. If there are any updates, let me know in the group. Let's not tell Harvey about this yet.
"He's young and impulsive, which might mess things up. The three of us can figure things out rationally, but he might struggle to accept this right now."
Skylar and Charles both agreed.
After discussing it with her brothers, Skylar started looking into Ted's background.
What she found surprised her. Ted was no ordinary person. He owned multiple buildings, including some iconic landmarks in Jipsburg. He even designed many of those himself.
In other words, the idea of him being a gold digger clearly didn't fit. Ted seemed more like a big shot.
Skylar spent the entire afternoon thinking about this matter. In the evening, she shared her findings with Joe.
Joe called Paul, and within 20 to 30 minutes, he had sent over Ted's personal information.
There were some records of Ted
online, but they mostly highlighted his achievements and lacked personal details. However, the information Paul provided included specifics about Ted's family and marital history. 
It turned out Ted's private life was extremely simple.
He had been married before, but his wife had passed away from cancer. He had neither remarried nor had any girlfriends after his wife's passing. 
Although many people had tried to pursue him, none of them succeeded.
"He seems like a good person. If he's really dating Mom, they should be allowed to continue," Joe said after reviewing the details.
Skylar also felt satisfied with Ted after reading through the materials. It was clear he was someone who valued relationships deeply. "Alright. If they are indeed dating, we can pretend not to know until Mom tells us," Skylar agreed.
She had originally planned to meet with Ted to gauge his intentions. But now, it seemed unnecessary.
If the two were still in the early stages of getting to know each other, and she suddenly arranged, meeting, it might make Ted think Janine's children were difficult to deal with, potentially discouraging him. 
After that, she shared Ted's information in the group chat with her brothers.
Both Steven and Charles agreed with her approach.
They decided to wait for their mother to officially announce the relationship once it was more stable.
After sorting out the matter with Janine, Skylar turned to Joe and noticed the redness in his eyes, a sign of exhaustion.
"Are those people in the company still giving you trouble?" she asked with concern.
###chapter1444
 
Joe's expression was calm and unruffled as he said, "Those people are nothing but clowns to me. Don't worry about me." Hearing his words, Skylar decided not to press further. She knew he didn't want her to feel anxious.
Indeed, the members of the Martin Group were quite the jesters. But sometimes, jesters could be the most troublesome.
However, their primary concern at the moment was Gloria. For the past couple of days, she had struggled even to get out of bed and had lost her appetite.
They wanted to take her to the hospital, hoping that the medical staff could do something for her. Unfortunately, the hospital advised that returning would be futile and that it would be better for her to rest comfortably at home.
Gloria herself preferred to stay at home, having always disliked the smell of disinfectants in hospitals.
In the last few days, Howard had also come to Pearlhall Residence with his medical team, hoping their presence would alleviate Gloria's suffering. Thanks to their watchful eyes, they could monitor her condition continuously and provide timely treatment. Although Gloria remained weak, she experienced less discomfort.
"You can rest easy. I'll be here with Grandma." Skylar reassured him gently.
Joe's body stiffened slightly as he looked at her, a mix of emotions flickering in his eyes. "I still haven't recalled any memories from the past. He knew that a loving grandmother had accompanied him throughout his life, yet those memories felt lost to him.
"
He felt guilt and powerlessness, not only toward Gloria but also toward Skylar.
"Memories aren't what matter. What's important is that you and I are here with Grandma during her final days. She told me today that she's happy you're back, and that makes her even happier." Skylar took Joe's hand, her grip steady and reassuring.
At that moment, she felt a strong conviction that they would be okay together. Joe gazed deeply into her eyes and nodded.
"Is it work?" Mona asked, noticing Steven engrossed in his phone as he stepped out of the shower.
He seemed lost in thought, which was understandable given how busy he had been lately.
Sometimes, he worked late into the night. When he finally got home, she would just be getting up, and their conversations were often limited to just a few words.
She didn't want to disturb him, hoping he could enjoy a peaceful atmosphere at home to get some restful sleep.
But today was different. He had finally come back. Mona took the opportunity to shower and change into her favorite pajamas, waiting eagerly for
him.
But to her disappointment, when he
emerged, he didn't spare her a
glance and continued to stare at his phone. The thought that he might dive back into work filled her with a
mix of disappointment and concern.
Steven put his phone down and climbed into bed, wrapping his arms around Mona.
"It's about my mom," he said.
"Your mom? Did she find out that your dad is still alive?" Mona pushed him away slightly, stunned by the news.
Seeing her cute, shocked expression
made Steven smile affectionately. "No, I don't plan to tell her and others about it. Since that person never intended to come home, there's no need for them to know he's still alive. It's about Mom. She has a boyfriend, and we're worried about her." 
Mona's eyes widened in surprise. "Mom has a boyfriend? That's not surprising. She's beautiful, and you two don't look like mother and son. You look more like siblings.
"Of course, she would have suitors. But a lot of them have questionable intentions. We need to keep a close eye on her."
"We did some digging, and he seems
like a good guy. But enough about that. There's something more. important we need to focus on," Steven said, leaning down to plant a kiss on her lips. 
###chapter1445
 
The next morning, Ernest arrived at Pearlhall Residence. This time, his attitude was much more sincere.
After learning that Gloria was resting, he did not insist on seeing her immediately but cordially invited Skylar to visit Avalon Residence.
Compared to a few years ago, Ernest looked much worse. His complexion was pale, and he had lost weight, requiring a wheelchair to get around.
With Joe absent today, Skylar hesitated over whether to go to Avalon Residence alone.
"Mrs. Martin, if you decide to go, you should take Eden with you," Edgar said softly to Skylar.
Eden Hansen was the security guard for Pearlhall Residence. He had been trained in martial arts since childhood and spent his youth immersed in the rigorous routines of a martial arts school.
Whenever Gloria was at Pearlhall Residence, Eden would be on duty.
Eden was very alert and quick to react in dangerous situations. While Avalon Residence wasn't particularly perilous, having Eden with her would certainly provide Skylar some peace of mind.
Skylar nodded and replied. "Alright, I'll have Eden accompany me."
She felt that her suspicions about Avalon Residence could only be confirmed through her own visit. She also needed to see if the items left by Kevin could truly help Joe. It was still uncertain, and she needed to discover the truth herself.
...
The journey to Avalon Residence took a little over two hours. The car sped along the road, with Ernest's vehicle leading the way, driving rapidly. It was clear that Ernest was in quite a hurry.
Lucas complained, "Why are they going so fast?"
Skylar pondered thoughtfully. Upon arriving at Avalon Residence, she paused for a few seconds at the entrance, taking a moment to survey her surroundings.
Seeing Skylar standing still at the door, Ernest asked, "Is something wrong?"
He never imagined that he would find himself turning to Skylar for help.
A few years ago, when Ernest learned that Gloria had arranged for Joe to marry Skylar, he thought Gloria was making a foolish decision.
Given Joe's capabilities and his position as the current head of the Martin family, he believed his wife should come from a prestigious family-one of the prominent families in Jipsburg City.
There were so many candidates for Joe to choose from, yet in the end, he ended up with an unknown woman from the countryside. He had looked down on Skylar to no end.
But no one could have imagined that
now, with family matters at stake, he would have to personally go to Skylar and ask for her help. The thought of it made his chest burn with frustration, yet he felt
Love
net
powerless to change the situation.
Many friends had advised him that if he suspected the troubles at home were related to negative items, he should seek Skylar's help. Whether it was Frank or Harry, or even George and Alexander, all spoke highly of and trusted Skylar.
Finding an ordinary master to help was out of the question. However, he could still have a master come over to assess the situation, though. During the waiting period, he had already consulted several masters in metaphysics, but they couldn't identify any issues. 
They all claimed that everything was fine with Avalon Residence. Of course, it was good. When their father's generation built the Avalon Residence, they had enlisted most renowned masters in
metaphysics to ensure everything was in order. 
This was why the Martin family had held the top position among the elite families for so many years.
However, now, the family atmosphere was tumultuous. The younger generations were causing him endless worry, with issues arising everywhere.
This had been the case for several years. Initially, he had held hope that his children and grandchildren would bring him pride, but disappointment followed shortly after.
He had begun to feel that this was all related to the negative items.
###chapter1446
 
Ernest could only assume that someone had placed those negative items in Avalon Residence without his knowledge. With that thought in mind, he cast another glance at Skylar.
Skylar was already walking toward the residence. At this hour, the younger generation was nowhere to be found.
They were either staying in their own homes or off at work. The seemingly dutiful children and grandchildren now seemed to disdain him for his poor health, especially since he had been coughing frequently. However, they claimed they were worried that their presence would disturb his rest.
Ernest realized that if he couldn't see through their excuses, it would mean he was growing old and foolish. Deciding against exposing them, he concluded it would only create unnecessary awkwardness.
Once inside Avalon Residence, Skylar began to investigate one area after another. As she entered, she felt that something was amiss.
If the items that Kevin had brought in were genuinely beneficial to Joe, it would be impossible for her to sense the presence of other negative items hidden around the residence. The place seemed to have turned into a haven for harboring negative items.
After all, Avalon Residence had stood for over a century and possessed remarkable energy. If someone had intentionally turned it into a place to nurture negative items, that would be truly terrifying.
The first to be affected would be those living in the house, and then it would extend to others with blood ties to the Martins, like Joe.
Two hours later, Skylar surveyed the negative items before her and the several talismans stuck in the shadows. Her expression was grave.
Sitting nearby, Ernest's face turned an even deeper shade of pale, his body shaking uncontrollably. He was utterly frightened and shocked. There were so many negative items, along with several chaotic-looking talismans that made one gasp in horror. Just looking at them sent chills down his spine, and an overwhelming sense of fear washed over him.
"Can you confirm they're all negative items?" Ernest asked, his teeth clenched tightly.
Skylar glanced at him and simply nodded, not saying much. She could see the fear reflected in Ernest's eyes, and she felt it too. This was truly beyond words.
In recent years, a wide array of individuals had entered the residence.
Skylar recognized that the two negative items placed in the house by Kevin did have some benefits for Joe. They were intended to help him escape life-threatening situations by drawing on the luck of certain members of the Martin family over the years, allowing him to survive against the odds. 
The Martin family had benefited significantly from Joe over the years, draining his energy while
secretly plotting against him. Shet
felt it was only natural that they should sacrifice some of their own
fortune for his sake. 
However, the other negative items and talismans... she was sure someone else had placed them there.
Thinking back to what Kevin had
et
said earlier, she realized he wasn't the only one who had access to these items. She didn't believe that he was so deranged as to turn someone's home into a place for nurturing negative items. 
The purpose of those talismans was to nurture the negative items. "What should we do now? Can you handle this?"
Ernest was genuinely terrified. Having lived through many experiences, he had encountered the darkest sides of human nature, but this kind of blatant horror was something he had never faced before.
At this moment, all his hopes rested on Skylar. Feeling a bit tired, Skylar took a seat on a nearby chair. Her expression grew increasingly grave as she looked at the items before her.
She said, "These things didn't just appear here out of nowhere. Someone brought them in. We need to identify who these negative items belong to before we can do anything about them."
To activate the talismans and negative items, someone from the Martin family had to willingly bring them back. Otherwise, they would be useless.
After hearing Skylar's words, Ernest immediately called his children and grandchildren, urging them to return as quickly as possible. No matter what they were doing, they had to come back right away.
###chapter1447
 
At first, when Ernest called, his children and grandchildren were reluctant to listen or return home.
Recently, he had taken to lecturing, and no one wanted to hear it. They thought he was becoming too bothersome in his old age.
Furthermore, Ernest now seemed paranoid, and just seeing him was enough to bring down anyone's mood. However, when he spoke about the negative items scattered around, everyone felt a chill run down their spine.
They all knew exactly who had brought these items in and how they had gotten there. No one expected Ernest to summon Skylar, nor did they think he would reveal the hidden negative items while they were away. In a rush, they all hurried back home.
During this time, Skylar also communicated with Joe, who was on his way back. After all, these negative items concerned everyone in the Martin family.
As she waited, Skylar pondered that some individuals would undoubtedly want to avoid dealing with the negative items. If they chose not to address the situation, she would need to find a way to ensure these negative items wouldn't affect Joe.
Ernest was still reeling from the shock, coughing violently as if he might choke. His coughing was alarming, sounding as if he might choke at any moment, as if his breath could fail him and take his life.
Skylar chose to ignore his coughing as she had no fondness for him. If it weren't for his prominent role in opposing Joe, the rest of the Martins wouldn't be so brazen.
The first to return was Claudio. He had never been a good person, and in recent years, his demeanor had shifted dramatically.
He now carried an unsettling presence, his mind consumed by twisted thoughts. The presence of negative items had amplified his innate greed. When he spotted Skylar, his eyes lit up.
"Skylar?"
He had initially thought Ernest was speaking nonsense. After all, with Joe returning, it was logical that Skylar would be with him. There was no way Joe would let her come to Avalon Residence alone.
But to his surprise, she was really here. Skylar gave Claudio a fleeting glance before quickly looking away.
She knew that Claudio was beyond help. Most of the negative items and talismans had been found in his room, revealing the extent of his greed.
He lacked the ability and the desire to put in any real effort, instead choosing to take shortcuts through underhanded means, which ultimately resulted in a double backlash against him.
Claudio felt a surge of anger as he noticed Skylar looking at him with a cold, dismissive gaze. "What's with that look? What, do you think I'm too handsome and want to jumpinto bed with me?" 
"Shut up! Just shut your mouth!" Ernest, having regained some strength, turned red with anger upon hearing Claudio's words.
Claudio rubbed his nose in
I
annoyance and glanced back at Ernest. "Grandpa, these negative items aren't as terrifying as you think. They have their advantages, and there's no need for Skylar to come and dig them out." 
He had invested a lot of money into acquiring these negative items, and he wasn't going to let Skylar remove them.
His hopes of turning his life around, of Joe paving the way for him, and of stepping over the other family members all hinged on these negative items. He had to protect them at all costs.
On his way back, he couldn't contain his seething anger, muttering curses at Ernest for being an old fool. At his age, he should have passed of instead of continuing to meddle in his affairs. 
Skylar watched Claudio with a sardonic smile. "If I'm not mistaken, most of these negative items belong to you, right?"
"So what if they are? It's none of your business. Even if you marry me, you won't have any say over them," Claudio replied defiantly, dropping any pretense of hiding the truth.
After all, Ernest wouldn't be around much longer.
If he didn't fight for what he wanted, a few of his uncles and younger relatives would soon snatch away the family fortune.
###chapter1448
 
Claudio knew he wasn't the only one bringing in these negative items. Everyone else was doing the same. They were all in the same boat.
As his words fell, a few more people returned. Their opening remarks mirrored Claudio's almost perfectly.
"What you found isn't a negative item at all. They're treasures I bought with my hard-earned money."
"Exactly! Calling them negative items is just offensive."
"Dad, how can you trust her? With her relationship with Joe, she must be hoping for our downfall. Don't believe anything she says. If you do, our family is done for."
"Yeah, Grandpa, she definitely has bad intentions. We should handle these items ourselves. You've not been well lately, and sometimes you think too much."
Everyone seemed to be on the same wavelength, all attacking Ernest with the same arguments. None of them believed he had their best interests at heart. They thought he was just an old fool meddling in their affairs.
Their doubt about Skylar was palpable.
Ernest's face turned ashen with anger as he trembled while pointing at them. "You... You all knew these were negative items!"
He couldn't believe they had knowingly brought home those negative items. It seemed they had lost their minds, and he couldn't help but wonder what on earth they were thinking.
They were more muddled than he was, and he was practically on his deathbed.
Knowing they were negative items, he could hardly fathom how they would bring such dangerous things into the house. They had truly lost their senses. It was madness.
Skylar wasn't surprised by their
actions. She knew they had brought back the negative items because
they wanted more, but they didn't et
want to go through legitimate channels. Deep down, they knew that proper methods wouldn't work, so they turned to these
underhanded tactics. 
They were fully aware that these actions could lead to terrible consequences, yet they pursued them anyway.
There was no hope for them.
"All these are negative items. Do you even understand that? Are you trying to drive me to my grave? Listen to me! We cannot keep even a single one of these negative items in this house.
"Let Skylar handle them. She'll take care of getting rid of them of us. We can't let our home stay in this chaos any longer," Ernest shouted, his voice trembling as he fought to control his rising anger.
It was these negative items that had caused all the trouble.
Once, his children and grandchildren had always listened to him. Now, not a single one paid him any respect.
The family exchanged glances, their eyes communicating silently with one another. Some scratched their heads, others rubbed their noses and a few lowered their heads, frowning. Yet not a single one of them nodded in agreement. 
Skylar watched the scene unfold and suddenly felt a pang of sympathy for Ernest. Yet, she couldn't shake the thought that those who were pitiful often had their own share of faults.
"You'd better leave Avalon
Residence immediately. Considering
Joe, we won't make a fuss about you coming in here and taking our things today, but you're not welcome in this house," one of them said, his voice wavering as he addressed Skylar. 
Once he had spoken, the others chimed in, criticizing Skylar in a cacophony of voices.
Skylar's expression remained blank as she observed them. "You know, repeated wrongdoing leads to inevitable consequences. Today, you still have
a chance to make things right. But it seems you won't take it."
She turned to Ernest and said, "I can't help you anymore."
###chapter1449
 
Ernest quickly said, "Don't listen to them! These are all negative items, and I can't allow them to stay in Avalon Residence."
"Grandpa, you should focus on your health. Let us handle these matters," Claudio suggested, noticing the other's anger but reluctant to speak out. He didn't want to give away anything, and neither did the others. Everyone had their own desires.
So, it seemed Ernest was truly losing his senses. At his age, and with his health failing, he still insisted on meddling in everything.
"Exactly, Dad! Your health isn't in the best shape, so let us handle these issues. We know who to trust and who to avoid. In your condition, you're not thinking as clearly as you used to."
The group began to chatter, each one speaking over the other. Ernest felt an overwhelming urge to rise from his wheelchair and shake them back to their senses.
They were out of their minds. These were negative items. One by one, they treated these items as treasures, completely disregarding him as the head of the family.
They hadn't even thought about the consequences these negative items could bring. He was their father and grandfather, yet not one of them would heed his words.
Perhaps his fury was too great; he suddenly succumbed to a coughing fit. The others did not approach him but instructed a nearby maid, "Go check on Grandpa!"
Skylar observed the scene unfold before her. She couldn't help but think that Ernest's children and grandchildren had reached a hopeless state. It was hard to find the right words to describe it.
Seizing the moment, Claudio leaned toward Skylar and whispered, "Joe has lost his memory, so why are you still with him? Since we've run into each other today, why not consider divorcing him and being with me instead?"
Skylar was utterly captivating. She was a woman who was hard to forget, the kind that lingered in the mind.
Skylar maintained her expressionless demeanor and replied, "Maybe you should spend some time worrying about how much longer you'll be around."
With that, Skylar glanced at her phone and noticed a WhatsApp message from Joe. He had arrived. Just then, Joe stepped into the living room.
As he entered, Joe's gaze
immediately fell on the various
negative items scattered across the floor, and he raised an eyebrow in surprise. Skylar had warned him that there were many negative items, but he badn't expected to see this many. 
"What are you doing here?" Claudio asked, following Skylar's gaze. His expression immediately hardened when he saw Joe.
Avalon Residence was his home, not Joe's. How audacious it is for Joe to show up uninvited.
He shot a blank look at Claudio but didn't say a word. Instead, he turned directly to Skylar and asked, "Is everything taken care of?"
"They don't need my help. Everything is under control. Let's go," Skylar replied as she walked toward Joe, her eyes briefly scanning the talismans on the floor.
From this point forward, the chaos unfolding in the house would not involve Joe in the slightest.
Ernest wanted to stop Skylar from
leaving, but a fit of coughing left him
feeling faint and powerless.
Combined with the words from
n
Claudio and the others, he felt trapped with no way out. 
This was a disaster. It was over.
Claudio and the others watched with cold expressions as Skylar and Joe departed. Once the maids hurriedly helped the infuriated Ernest back to his room, they turned their attention to the negative items on the floor. 
Everyone exchanged glances, understanding the unspoken agreement. They all knew exactly why those negative items had been brought into the house.
###chapter1450
 
Every member of the Martin family knew what these negative items could bring them. Each person had their motives and was quite shrewd.
They all realized that once Ernest passed away, their branch of the family would undoubtedly fall apart, and their circumstances would not compare to what they had now.
Hence, if they didn't make plans now, it would be too late to act when everything was lost. They weren't fools.
They silently took back their respective negative items and talismans, not bothering to ask anyone about their usefulness.
At that moment, they all believed their negative items were more potent and would grant them their desires.
...
In the car, Skylar shared the details of the negative items with Joe. Joe listened without much expression. With his memory loss, he felt no familial connection to Ernest or the others.
He had already learned about their past actions from Paul, and his feelings toward them were even more distant now.
"They brought this upon themselves. They'll have to deal with the consequences. We don't have to concern ourselves with them," Joe stated.
Skylar playfully asked, "Don't you want to know what impact these negative items could have on you?"
Joe glanced at her, his deep-set eyes reflecting only the woman before him. With a confident tone, he replied, "With you by my side, those things can't harm me."
Skylar found herself momentarily speechless before she couldn't help but laugh. "You're right about that."
They had developed a tacit understanding between them.
Now that she had identified the negative items and fully understood their nature, there was no way she would leave without taking action. After all, she couldn't allow these negative items to hurt Joe.
As they neared Pearlhall Residence, Joe initially intended to take Skylar out for a meal. However, Skylar's phone rang urgently, cutting into his thoughts.
Seeing that the caller was Edgar, Skylar felt a jolt of surprise. "Edgar?"
"Mrs. Martin, please hurry to the hospital. Something has happened to Mrs. Martin Senior. We're taking her to the hospital." Edgar's voice was frantic, punctuated with heavy breaths and a tone barely masking his restrained tears. 
Skylar's heart skipped a beat. Edgar didn't elaborate before hanging up.
She quickly turned to Joe, who wore an equally grave expression. "It sounds like Grandma isn't doing well. We need to get to the hospital immediately."
Gloria seemed fine earlier that day when she visited Avalon Residence. Howard even mentioned that she could hold on for a bit longer.
Both Skylar and Joe had felt relieved. But everything changed so drastically in less than a day.
"Don't panic. Let's get to the hospital first," Joe said calmly, his voice steady and free from any sign of panic.
Skylar nodded, but a heavy weight pressed on her chest, making it hard to breathe. An ominous feeling loomed over her.
They soon arrived at the hospital. As Skylar spotted Edwin waiting
anxiously outside the ward, Skylar immediately understood why
Gloria's condition had det
so suddenly. This sudden
events must be due to Edwin. 
She had nearly forgotten about him.
Edwin looked up as he sensed someone approaching. Upon recognizing Joe and Skylar, he initially seemed taken aback, but his weary face soon bore a look of guilt. 
He said, "I didn't realize my mom's health was so poor. Why didn't anyone tell me?"
###chapter1451
 
Skylar's face hardened as she stepped forward, her voice sharp. "Did you say something to Grandma?"
Joe regarded Edwin with a chilling glare.
After losing his memory, Joe felt that Edwin had become a stranger to him. Edwin's eyes darted nervously and said, "I didn't say much. I'm her son. What could a son say to his mother? I was just showing concern for her health.
"We haven't lived together for years, and I wanted to fulfill my duty as her son. Since you're here now, I'll take my leave. Please take good care of my mom."
He truly hadn't expected her health to deteriorate so rapidly. After all, he had only spoken a few careless words, and yet she'd fainted just like that. Edwin was unwilling to accept that Gloria had distanced herself from him over the years and looked down on him.
After hearing that Joe had returned recently, he felt an urge to move back to Pearlhall Residence to live with Gloria and Joe.
Although he had basked in the limelight of being a member of the Martin family outside, he increasingly sensed he shouldn't continue living aimlessly. He was plagued by nightmares every night, haunted by those he had bullied in the past. Over time, the fear had become overwhelming. He dreaded living alone.
Even when he brought women home, they would end up saying they couldn't be with him anymore the next day, claiming they had nightmares and found it too frightening.
"What exactly did you say?" Joe pressed coldly.
Edwin's face paled at the question. He had always feared Joe, and now that Joe had lost his memory, the distance between them was even greater. He couldn't bring himself to meet Joe's gaze. "Didn't I just say it? I didn't say anything! How have you two been taking care of my mom during this time? How did she end up in such a bad shape?"
Skylar took a deep breath, feeling no tolerance for Edwin. "You'd better pray Grandma is okay."
"I'm your elder. How can you speak to me like that?" Edwin's face flushed with anger.
Skylar was even more intolerable than a few years ago. She was completely disregarding him as her father-in-law.
"You know exactly what you've done. If anything happens to Grandma today, won't let you off easily," Joe declared, suddenly stepping in front of Skylar, his expression icy as he faced Edwin. 
Edwin's face flushed with anger as he pointed a trembling finger at Skylar and then at Joe. "Y-You two! You have no manners!"
Gritting his teeth, Edwin felt a wave of guilt wash over him as he turned to leave.
At that moment, Edgar emerged
from the ward, his eyes puffy and red from crying. "Mrs. Martin Senior has held on, but her condition is very
bad. The doctor... the doctor says she only has a couple of days left." 
With that, Edgar could no longer hold back his tears.
Skylar's mind went blank for a moment, her body instinctively leaning against Joe. "Is Grandma awake now?" she asked.
Edgar shook his head. "Not yet. She's still unconscious. The doctor can't determine when she might wake up."
Joe supported Skylar, looking down at her pale face. An intense pain surged through him as if something was gripping his heart tightly.
His grandmother was about to leave him. Suddenly, fragmented memories from his childhood flashed through his mind like a fast-forwarded movie.
Skylar quickly steadied her heavy emotions, noticing that something was off with Joe. She asked in a hoarse voice, "Are you okay?"
With red eyes, Joe looked at Skylar and gently brushed his hand against her cheek. "I need to check on Grandma."
He began to recall some of the
hardships Gloria had faced when he
was young. He remembered how shameful Edwin had been and the despicable actions of Ernest and the others. 
###chapter1452
 
Though Joe couldn't recall the events of the last decade, he believed that soon enough, all would come back to him.
Skylar nodded, her eyes reddened with emotion. "Let's check on Grandma together."
Lying on the hospital bed, Gloria looked pale. Recently, she had been unable to eat properly and had lost a considerable amount of weight. The room was almost too quiet, with her breaths faint and shallow.
The two sat at her bedside, Joe gently grasping Gloria's hand. Skylar felt a wave of sorrow wash over her as she watched the scene unfold.
She knew Gloria had been holding on for over three years, fueled by the hope of seeing Joe again. Now that he had returned, they were finally together, yet Gloria's health had taken a turn for the worse.
She wished Gloria could stay with Joe for a few more years. "Grandma, I remember things from my childhood now. When you wake up, I'll tell you all about it and see if I got anything wrong," Joe said softly.
Skylar was taken aback. "You..."
"I just remembered some things," Joe replied.
"That's wonderful! When Grandma wakes up and hears you remember your childhood, she will be so happy." Skylar felt a rush of excitement. She and Gloria had been waiting for Joe to regain his memories.
Of course, she understood that the presence of those negative items had prevented Joe from recovering his memories. Just that day, she had dealt with some of those items, reducing their harmful effects on him and allowing Joe to start regaining his memories.
Ten minutes later, outside the wards, Skylar and Edgar gathered information on the situation. She learned what Edwin and Gloria had talked about.
"It's unbelievable how selfish Mr.
Edwin still is at his age, acting like a
child. He doesn't even see his own
net
faults and even blames all his foolish actions from the past few years on Mrs. Martin Senior,
well,"
claiming she didn't teach bove
Edgar said, frustration
clear in his
voice. 
After all, Edwin was Gloria's son, and his reckless actions over the years had deeply hurt her.
If Edwin had taken care of his responsibilities and not caused worry for Gloria, her health wouldn't have deteriorated like this over the years.
For all these years, Gloria had to raise Joe while also keeping an eye on those like Ernest. She had truly exhausted herself.
Skylar clenched her fists, her lips pressed tightly together in anger. She couldn't believe Edwin's audacity had reached such heights.
He shamelessly wanted to move
back into Pearlhall Residence and live next door to her and Joe. After Gloria rejected him, Edwin unleashed a barrage of insults, hurling all kinds of nonsensical
accusations. 
Even if Gloria's health had been as good as it was a few years ago, she wouldn't have been able to withstand Edwin's disgracefulness. No wonder Edwin had felt guilty and fled earlier.
Taking a deep breath, Skylar tried to calm her rising anger. It was becoming clear that Edwin was ata dead end. If Gloria couldn't hold on for much longer, then Edwin would likely meet his end by the end of the month. 
S
...
Gloria had been unconscious for two whole days. During this time, Joe had managed to remember quite a few things.
###chapter1453
 
Joe recalled how he and Skylar first met and how they ended up getting married. When Gloria woke up and heard Joe talking about the past, her eyes filled with tears of joy.
"Do you remember now? That's wonderful, just wonderful. I can finally rest easy," Gloria said, looking at Joe with a warm smile before turning her gaze to Skylar.
She knew that this time, she probably wouldn't be able to hold on much longer. But there was now a pleasant surprise. "You need to take good care of Skye from now on," Gloria said with a worried expression.
Joe and Skylar had faced many hardships, especially since they couldn't have children for the next five years. Five years was neither long nor short. It was a significant part of a young woman's life.
Though she trusted Joe and Skylar, the outside world was filled with troublemakers who were always up to no good. It was hard not to worry.
But there was little she could do now. After giving them her instructions, she couldn't help but feel overwhelmed by fatigue. She slowly closed her eyes and fell asleep again.
Skylar and Joe both felt their eyes welling up as they watched Gloria weakly close her eyes again.
"Let's step outside and let Grandma rest properly," Skylar said softly, squeezing Joe's hand. He nodded, and they quietly exited the ward.
Outside the ward, Joe's face was pale. "Do you think Edwin won't last much longer?"
Even before recovering his memories, Joe instinctively disliked Edwin. Now that his memories had returned, he believed Edwin had lived long enough.
Skylar nodded. Considering Edwin's
actions over the years, it was clear his end would not be a pleasant one. However she hadn't anticipated that Edwin would pass away before Gloria. Moreover, his death would be in a highly disgraceful manner that was already making headlines everywhere. 
In a five-star hotel suite, the place was a complete mess.
Clothes and various personal items were strewn all over the floor.
It was evident just how wild the night before had been in this hotel suite. A woman woke up feeling. terrible and glanced over at Edwin, who was sleeping soundly beside her 
Swn
She swung her legs off the bed and limped toward the bathroom.
After spending over half an hour in the bathroom, she emerged and checked her phone for the transfer notifications. Many of her friends had entertained Edwin before.
et
Although he was a bit older, out of shape, and had a certain creepiness about him, he was extremely generous. The amount he paid for one night could easily cover what most people made in a month. 
However, as she glanced at the bed, she realized that Edwin hadn't moved at all since she last looked. Curiosity piqued, she took a few cautious steps closer to the bed.
When she looked down at Edwin's pale face, she let out a series of horrified screams. "Ah! Oh, my God!"
Her screams quickly attracted the attention of hotel staff outside. Soon, news of Edwin's death spread across the media like wildfire.
###chapter1454
 
Rumors circulated that Edwin had suffered a sudden heart attack due to his excessive indulgence. Some speculated it was from taking too many pills, and his aging body just couldn't handle it.
After all, he was no longer as young as he used to be, and wild nights like the last were hardly sustainable.
Some suggested that Edwin had been staying in hotels every day with a different woman each night. Even a young man with a strong constitution would struggle to keep up with that kind of lifestyle.
The police contacted Joe. Outwardly, he wanted to maintain appearances, so he visited the morgue to see Edwin. He then arranged for Edwin's funeral in the most discreet way possible.
Of course, this was all out of respect for Gloria. If it weren't for her, Joe wouldn't have bothered to take a single glance at Edwin's body.
They chose not to inform Gloria about Edwin's death. Over the past few days, her condition had worsened.
She seemed to be in a constant state of slumber, hardly waking up for more than a few minutes at a time. When she did wake up, it was only to exchange a few words.
The doctors advised the family to remain in the hospital, as Gloria could pass at any moment.
Skylar and a few others, including Edgar, remained vigilantly at the hospital, not daring to leave.
Around midnight, as Skylar rested on the nearby couch, she suddenly felt a sharp pain in her chest. Instinctively, she turned her gaze toward Gloria's hospital bed.
Gloria had woken up without anyone noticing. When she saw Skylar's eyes on her, she smiled and asked, "Why are you awake all of a sudden? Aren't you going to get some more sleep?"
Gloria appeared alert and vibrant, a stark contrast to the dazed look she had worn in the previous days. It was as if she had regained her strength. Skylar hurried over to sit by her bedside. "Are you hungry, Grandma? Would you like something to eat? Are you feeling unwell? I can call the doctor to check on you."
Gloria shook her head with a smile. "I'm not hungry, and I feel fine. Have you and Joe been here the whole time these past couple of days? The hospital isn't comfortable. You should go home and rest well."
Throughout her life, she had always hated being a burden to others, preferring not to worry about her family. But now, she was old, and her body was no longer in her control.
Skylar looked at Gloria, her heart
sinking, but she masked her
emotions. "I'm not tired. The couch and bed in the ward are quite comfortable. Joe stepped out t
ut to
use
the restroom and will be back soon."
BUMS
Gloria smiled gently, but her nod was weak due to her lack of strength. Her eyes were filled with warmth as she looked at Skylar. "Silly girl, you've been by my side all
these years. Aren't Ov
n
She was soon to reunite with her late husband. Yet, she wondered if he would remember and recognize her. She also thought of Viola and all the friends she had lost over the years.
But the thought of leaving Skylar and Joe made her heartache.
Skylar said softly, "I love being with you, Grandma. I'm only happy when I'm with you."
At that moment, the door to the ward creaked open. Joe walked in, his long legs striding across the room.
At first, he didn't notice that Gloria was awake. Just as he was about to walk to the couch, he suddenly glanced toward the hospital bed and noticed that Skylar was also looking at Gloria.
Gloria's face lit up with a smile as she gently called, "Joe, come here."
Joe paused in surprise but quickly made his way over. "Grandma."
Once he sat down, Gloria grasped Joe's hand and then took Skylar's hand, placing them together.
"You two need to promise me to take care of each other from now on. No matter what challenges you face, face them together. Always remember the promises you've made to one another," Gloria said, her gaze steady on both of them. 
Only when they both nodded did she smile in satisfaction. But soon, her eyelids felt unbearably heavy, and she struggled to keep her eyes open.
As she slowly closed her eyes, she murmured, "I've been through so much in this life, but having both of you with me for this final journey, I have no regrets."
"Grandma!" Skylar and Joe called out in unison.
###chapter1455
 
A few days later, many people attended Gloria's funeral. Influential figures from all over Jipsburg were present.
The news of her passing had affected Alexander and George so deeply that both men fell ill, spending several days in the hospital. Skylar and Joe shared Gloria's final written words with Alexander and George, messages she had thoughtfully prepared for them before her passing.
Although tensions with Joe ran high and internal disputes plagued the Martin Group, the Martin family still made a public appearance at the funeral, aware of the media's scrutiny.
Gloria's death was a heavy blow for both Skylar and Joe. Even now, their eyes remained swollen from crying.
Janine and the others stood nearby, looking worriedly at their grieving state. They couldn't help but let out a sigh. No one could have imagined that someone as kind as Gloria would leave so soon.
...
Three months later, Skylar was out having lunch with Muriel and Lizzie. Today, Lizzie wore wakeup and sported her signature short haircut, making her nearly unrecognizable.
The three of them could dine together freely without worrying about being noticed. Without her streaming makeup, Muriel looked completely different. Barefaced, she could easily pass for a regular college student.
As for Skylar, she was just a naturally beautiful girl next door.
They chose a Wiscadian restaurant, where the atmosphere was quiet and refined, perfect for relaxed conversation.
"I've been thinking about starting a school-one that nurtures kids with a gift for music. Once that's set, I'm planning to step away from the public eye."
Lizzie was starting to feel a deep
net
disdain for being someone else. Facing the cameras and the audience, pretending to be different was not the kind of free life she
envisioned for herself. 
Furthermore, she didn't want her public figure status to bring Muriel trouble. They were both getting older and needed to prepare for the next chapter of their lives.
Skylar nodded with a smile. "That's a great idea."
"I'll support whatever decision you make," Muriel replied, her voice gentle yet firm.
Lizzie wasn't surprised by Muriel's
response. The two locked eyes, their surroundings fading away. "Who
knows, my school might end up
losing money. I may need you to support me then." Content belongs
"I'm a rich woman now, so taking care of you won't be a problem," Muriel said with a smile.
Skylar felt unexpectedly overwhelmed by the sweetness of their relationship.
Just as she was about to tease
them back, she caught sight of two familiar faces. One was Simona, and the other was Stephen. The two seemed to be very close, completely unaware of her presence. 
Skylar thought they had already broken up, but she didn't expect to see them together now.
Only a few days earlier, Aiken had told her over the phone that Simona was staying at school and had gotten over her breakup. Yet here they were, dining together at a restaurant.
This situation appeared complicated. Skylar immediately furrowed her brows.
###chapter1456
 
"Skylar? Are you feeling unwell?" Lizzie asked with concern when she noticed Skylar frowning.
Muriel chimed in, "Is it the restaurant's air conditioning? Maybe it's too cold for you?"
Skylar looked away and reassured them. "Don't worry, I'm fine. I just spotted someone I know. You two keep chatting. I'll go check it out." After explaining herself to Lizzie and Muriel, she stood up and walked toward Simona and Stephen.
The couple was deep in conversation, and Simona looked particularly cheerful, laughing brightly.
"Simona," Skylar called out, causing both Simona and Stephen to pause in surprise. Simona's eyes widened in disbelief upon seeing Skylar. "Skylar?" Simona exclaimed.
Stephen was unfamiliar with Skylar. He had only heard Simona mention her before. He recalled Simona saying that Skylar was exceptionally beautiful, even more so than the female celebrities on the screen. At that time, he thought Simona might have been exaggerating.
He had seen plenty of female celebrities who had box-office hits and dedicated fanbases, and they were all stunning in their own right. Simona was also beautiful and certainly stood out among those female celebrities.
But now, looking at Skylar, he felt almost mesmerized.
Stephen was taken aback as he realized Simona's words weren't an exaggeration at all.
"Um, is this... your friend?" Skylar asked, discreetly assessing Stephen.
From his appearance, he definitely seemed like someone who would be popular with the girls in college. His eyes were constantly shifting as he looked at her, almost as if he was calculating something.
Moreover, something about Stephen felt off, almost like a negative energy.
"He... is my boyfriend, Stephen Pearce," Simona introduced, a hint of guilt in her tone. She felt she had no choice but to introduce him since they had run into each other by coincidence.
She remembered only a few months ago when she had confided in Skylar about her breakup with Stephen. Now that they were back together, she wasn't sure how to explain it to Skylar.
Skylar offered a faint smile. "Stephen."
Stephen immediately stood up and reached out his hand. "Hi, I've heard a lot about you from Simona. She mentioned you're someone she trusts. I didn't expect to run into you here."
Skylar glanced down at Stephen's hand. The negative energy surrounding his hand was even more intense. It seemed he often had contact with the negative items. He was definitely tied to them.
Sensing the potential awkwardness, Simona quickly took Stephen's hand and asked Skylar, "Are you here with friends today, Skylar?"
"Yeah, I came with some friends. I won't interrupt you two," Skylar replied softly, giving a slight nod before returning to her seat with Lizzie and Muriel. Once seated, she observed Simona and Stephen with a thoughtful look.
Meanwhile, Stephen felt a bit displeased that Skylar hadn't shaken his hand. "Does she not like that I'm your boyfriend? I tried greeting her, but she didn't even look my way."
It was clear to him that Skylar was wealthy, far surpassing Rosa in that regard. He had intentionally
distanced himself from Rosa lately. Spending too much time with Ker made him feel she was rather superficial. 
Simona quickly interjected, "Maybe
it's because of those trending news articles about you from a few

months ago. A lot has happened since then, and I haven't had the chance to talk to her about us Skylar is a really great person, and you'll understand that soon."
For some reason, over the past few months, she and Stephen had been secretly together again. She hadn't thought much of it until now, but seeing Skylar made her feel an unexpected discomfort in her chest.
It felt as if she shouldn't still be with Stephen. Yet, for reasons she couldn't fully understand, she liked him and believed in his innocence Stephen, too, wanted no ties to anyone from his past. His previous experiences and the present were worlds apart. 
"Is that so? You've only mentioned her as your good friend, but you never mentioned what she does for a living. What's her profession?" Stephen asked.
###chapter1457
 
Simona was somewhat absent-minded, so whatever Stephen asked, she just answered. "Skylar is an antique restorer. She runs her own company and is really impressive. I admire her so much. She can spot any counterfeit that comes her way."
Hearing Simona talk about Skylar stirred something within Stephen. He thought of the negative item he was wearing and considered that if it could help him win Simona back, then surely it could help him attract other women as well.
Simona didn't notice the change in Stephen's expression. Even if she had, she wouldn't suspect him of any ill intent.
After Skylar, Lizzie, and Muriel left the restaurant, Skylar called Aiken from inside her car. Aiken was somewhat surprised to receive the call.
Over the past few months, Skylar had gone through a lot, and with her busy work schedule, they hadn't had many opportunities to talk. They only called each other when there were important matters that required help.
"Are you busy?" Skylar asked.
"Not at all," Aiken replied. He was never busy when she called.
Skylar recounted her encounter with Stephen and Simona at the restaurant.
After hearing her words, he fell silent for a minute, and then his tone grew serious. "I've been neglecting things lately. Simona has been staying at school, rarely coming home, claiming she's busy preparing for graduate school entrance exams.
"I didn't realize she had gotten involved with Stephen again. But Simona isn't na?ve. She had already seen through his true nature. How could she get back together with him?"
This point left Aiken perplexed, but since Skylar had witnessed it, he knew it must be true.
"Stephen has a negative energy around him. He must be using the negative item to win Simona back. Let me think about how to deal with this. I'll reach out to you in the next couple of days once I've figured it out.
"Don't act rashly for now. Simona being with Stephen again is likely beyond her control," Skylar advised, concern evident in her voice.
Aiken recognized the gravity of the situation. "Alright, I got it. Thank you for handling this," he said.
Skylar assured him it was no trouble before ending the call.
Just as she was about to start the was
car and leave, she spotted Simona and Stephen walking out of the restaurant. The two were close, fingers intertwined, clearly
vef
displaying the affectionate behavior of a young couple in love. 
Their eyes fixed solely on one another. After leaving, they got into a cab and quickly disappeared from view. Skylar frowned and averted her gaze.
It was just as Kevin had said. Negative items were everywhere in the world, and countless people sought to use them to achieve their goals.
She had never considered why some
individuals might act uncontrollably
before. Perhaps it was simply.
because she had never been
vel.n
exposed to these negative items or
sensed their presence. 
Now, it was clear to her that these people could lose control over their thoughts under the influence of negative items. That was why one misstep could lead to another.
Skylar returned home early and began preparing dinner. Joe had mentioned an hour earlier that he would be home on time.
She decided to keep it simple for dinner, cooking two dishes-grilled chicken and steamed broccoli.
Once everything was ready, she
waited for Joe while scrolling
ne
through the news on her phone. Just then, she stumbled upon a fresh headline. The article showcased a photo of a striking woman in a bright red dress embracing Joe as he stepped out of the Martin Group's building. 
The woman had long, wavy hair that fell to her waist, and her perfectly slim waist made her look even more enchanting beside Joe. Joe's expression was not visible in the photo.
###chapter1458
 
However, the media exaggerated the situation. "Joe still has feelings for his fiancée, who he was engaged to during his amnesia. Clearly, he cares for her, and there might be a chance for their relationship to be rekindled. This is worth following!"
The photo was doctored to make it look like the two had a deep emotional connection. The atmosphere seemed charged with unspoken feelings. Skylar might have found it amusing if the man in the photo wasn't her husband. She couldn't help but wonder what Rosa was thinking.
Such stories attracted many reporters, and Joe was well aware of it.
Paul rolled his eyes at the news. "What a coincidence that a reporter happened to be there. Mr. Martin, I think Rosa set this up intentionally to stir up this story."
"Make these reporters shut up. Write a statement declaring that I'm married and release it under the company name as soon as possible," Joe replied coldly.
"Understood." Paul took a deep breath while observing Joe's expressionless behavior. The latter radiated a chilling presence.
There was no denying that Joe had become even more formidable as a boss over time. He spoke calmly and ordinarily, but his gaze and presence could make anyone feel on edge.
It was no wonder that the employees whispered among themselves that the boss had leveled up once again.
He certainly had. If he hadn't, he wouldn't be able to deal with the current situation with the Martins.
It was surprising that Rosa approached him at such a crucial moment and in such a dramatic way.
Joe didn't want Skylar to see this kind of news. "As for Rosa, find out who she's been in contact with lately," Joe instructed.
Paul immediately agreed and began making calls.
Meanwhile, Rosa had just managed to stop crying in the cab. Her eyes were red and puffy.
She seemed to have suffered a significant blow. The driver had long since become indifferent. When she had first entered the taxi, the driver had inquired about her well-being. 
UMS
However, she had snapped at him, hurling insults and looking down on him, declaring that someone like him had no right to expect anything from her.
It was unbelievable how some people could be so cruel.
Some people might have appeared weak and evoked sympathy. But in reality, they were nothing more than a venomous charmer, not deserving of anyone's compassion.
She didn't hold back at all.
The driver rolled his eyes internally, dismissing her behavior. Just then, Rosa received a phone call.
"His heart and mind are only on
et
Skylar. He doesn't even see me anymore. He's forgotten all the memories we made together over those three years. He pushed me away just now and when I fell, he had one of his assistants help me up. 
"I'm done with him! Don't reach out to me again. I can't keep degrading myself by chasing after him," Rosa declared, her voice laced with frustration, ready to hang up.
But the voice on the other end
stopped her hear your company has been facing some serious troubles fately. The 20 million dollars
ΕΛ
you invested is nearly gone. The
breakup settlement Joe gave you must have nearly depleted 
"If you hang up now, you might find yourself back in the life you had years ago when you couldn't even afford a decent Wiscadian meal."
###chapter1459
 
Rosa was stunned by the man, Wilfrid Windrow's words.
Her mind seemed to snap back to reality with the force of a thunderstrike, as though she was slowly realizing the dire situation she was in. Fear gripped her heart immediately.
She hadn't expected her money to run out so quickly.
Despite having a few tens of millions of dollars, her company wasn't making a profit. In fact, it was losing money.
Recently, she and Stephen had been discussing it, and she had been pressuring him. But he kept insisting that he had little experience and that it was only natural for a company to lose money at the start. He reassured her that losses were common in the early stages and they needed to be patient.
She always pretended to be wealthy before Stephen. But in reality, her savings were limited, and it wouldn't take long for them to run out. If she continued losing money at this rate, she would end up broke.
She trusted Stephen, believing he would eventually turn the business around, but now she was truly at her breaking point.
Taking a deep breath, she finally calmed herself. "Alright, tell me what I should do next. From what I see, going straight to Joe today is not an option. You need to think of another way for me."
Wilfrid asked, "I have plenty of ways, but... Tell me honestly, have you and Joe ever slept together?"
Rosa felt embarrassed by the question, but she knew there were some things she could only hide with a lie. "I've spent more than three years with him, almost every day together. We've done everything a man and woman do. Can you stop asking me questions like that? I really don't want to answer anymore."
"Hahaha, alright, I won't ask again. Since that's the case, come to my place tonight, and we'll discuss things properly," Wilfrid said.
Rosa's instincts told her to be cautious. "What would I come to you for?"
"Some things are better discussed face to face. It's not something I can explain over the phone. Time is running out, and you should come if you don't want to end up broke. I don't have much patience, and there are many people who want this opportunity. You're not the only one," Wilfrid said, his tone harsh.
He hung up without waiting for a response.
Rosa bit her lip, a wave of determination rising inside her. She thought to herself, "Fine, I'll go. It's not a big deal. I'm doing this for myself. No one else matters. After all, this is all Joe's fault!"
...
Joe had just entered the house when he immediately sensed something was off. He glanced over at Skylar, who was sitting at the dining table. "Did you see the news?" he asked.
Skylar was reading a book. Hearing Joe's question, she turned her eyes and seemed a little annoyed. "Yeah," she muttered.
Joe walked over to her quickly. "The photo was unclear. I pushed her her
away. She has someone behinne
pulling the strings. I'd asked Baul to launch an investigation." 
Skylar listened to Joe's anxious explanation, but she couldn't pretend anymore. She turned her back to
him. "From what I saw, you two were hugging each other quite intimately." 
Joe frowned. "I didn't hug her."
UMS
As soon as the words left his mouth, he suddenly realized something.
His lips curved into a smile. "Are you jealous? Do you care this much about me? You love me, don't you? You can't even stand another woman looking at me, can you?"
Seeing that Joe was pushing it further, Skylar quickly turned around and covered his mouth with her hand. "Who's jealous? I was just asking." "Just asking means you care. After dinner, I'll show you exactly how much I only have eyes for you, no one else," Joe said, kissing her palm. Skylar quickly pulled her hand away as though it had been shocked by electricity. Joe continued, "I'll prove it to you tonight."
Skylar's face flushed from Joe's teasing words. "The food's getting cold. Let's eat."
If there was no trust between them,
then there was no point in being together. When Skylar saw the photo and the news, the first thing she thought of wasn't Joe betraying her but father what Rosa was trying to do. 
UMS
It had backfired. Joe was the type to always turn any situation into an advantage for himself.
Her legs still hurt when she woke up this morning. Tonight, she was absolutely not going to let him get away with it.
Joe smiled knowingly. "Alright, after dinner, I'll prove it to you."
Skylar shook her head. "You don't have to prove anything. Truly, there isn't a need."
###chapter1460
 
Joe said, "It still needs to be proven, or else it won't be convincing enough."
The next day, Skylar stayed in bed. Thankfully, it was Saturday. But Joe had a business engagement.
Skylar knew exactly when he left. She even knew he'd kissed her forehead before he left.
But she simply didn't have the energy to get up. She wanted to keep sleeping.
She fell asleep again, and when she woke up, it was already noon.
On the table was the breakfast Joe had made for her that morning. He had made some chicken soup. Simple, yet he made it so well.
They both preferred being alone, so they hadn't asked Edgar and Veronica to take care of things. Moreover, they were both getting older and deserved to enjoy their retirement.
Skylar drank her chicken soup as she dialed Aiken's number.
"Do you have a way to get in touch with Simona's roommates?" she asked.
This had to be handled without alarming Simona or Stephen.
Aiken replied, "Give me a day or two, and I'll make arrangements."
Skylar knew Aiken had plenty of ways to make things work, so she felt at ease. "Alright, leave the rest to me. I have a way to ensure the negative item on Stephen won't affect Simona."
"Damn negative item!" Aiken couldn't hold back a curse.
If it hadn't been Skylar at the end of the line, he would've sworn much more.
Skylar could understand Aiken's mood. "Don't worry, we caught it in time."
It had been discovered in time, and they had stopped it. Stephen was a man with ill intentions.
"Thank you, Skylar. I've been so busy lately that I've neglected her," Aiken said, his brow furrowed deeply, his tone laced with exhaustion.
Skylar spoke softly. "There have
been many strange negative items around Jipsburg City lately. It's not just the antiques anymore. You need to be cautious, and if you feel anything's off, you must tell
"Alright," Aiken replied.
swney
After hanging up, Aiken stared at his phone, his eyes unmoving. After a while, he put it down and picked up another phone. He made two quick calls in succession. 
He rubbed his temples, the chaos in Jipsburg increasingly troubling him.
Both he and Joe were in a precarious position. Thankfully, Skylar was there.
The breeze drifted gently by the riverbank. Stephen cupped Simona's face under the shade of the trees and kissed her hard. Simona didn't respond with much enthusiasm.
Even she couldn't understand it.
?
In the past, every kiss would send her heart racing. Lately, even though they had reconciled, she had found herself feeling a resistance toward him and his kisses. Content belongs fo 
###chapter1461
 
Stephen could sense Simona's distraction. He could also tell she didn't seem excited about their kiss.
It had been like this lately. He wondered what the point was in letting himself get carried away by his own feelings if she couldn't share them.
He released Simona and asked with frustration, "Simona, are you still angry at me? Do you not want to be with me anymore?"
The question sent a wave of panic through Simona. "No, I'm not mad. How could I be? We agreed not to bring up the past when we reconciled. You even promised me our future would be bright and that no matter what, you'd always only have eyes for me, right?"
Stephen seemed satisfied with her explanation and nodded. "I knew I could trust you. You're worth my trust, Simona. My promise to you will never change. We'll be together forever, and no one can come between us."
Simona felt deeply moved. "Stephen, we'll never be apart."
He glanced at the darkening sky. "Look, it's getting late. Why don't we skip going back to campus tonight? There's a hotel nearby. I can book a room online. How about it?"
His tone was gentle and alluring, coaxing her into a decision she wasn't sure she wanted to make. Simona stared at him, lost in thought.
Two voices battled in her mind. One urged, "He loves you, and you love him. What's there to hesitate about? Rejecting him now will only drive a wedge between you two."
The other insisted, "No, not yet. This isn't how it should be."
If they went to the hotel and crossed that line, there would be no turning back. Something in her gut just didn't want to take that step yet.
"I..." Simona hesitated.
Stephen's patience snapped at her hesitation. His eyes fixed on hers, his tone turning sharper. "Simona, if I can't figure out what you're really thinking by now, then I must be stupid. I see it now. You don't want to be with me, do you? You still don't trust me."
The fear of losing Stephen suddenly struck Simona. "No, no, that's not it. You've got it wrong. I'm just scared. I haven't told my brother about us yet.
"He still thinks we broke up. I haven't been home in a while, so I never got the chance to explain everything to him. If he finds out we stayed at a hotel together, he'd be furious. It's not that I don't want to be closer to you. I just need a few more days, okay?" 
Conflicting voices battled inside Simona's mind. The pain in her head surged in sharp, uncontrollable waves, leaving her feeling completely powerless.
She said, "My head hurts so much. Stephen, I think I'm sick. We should go to the hospital. I can't take this. It hurts too much."
Stephen finally noticed how pale Simona was. Beads of sweat had broken out on her forehead.
He asked, "Why the sudden headache? I'll take you to the hospital right now."
Realizing he couldn't push her any further, Stephen decided to step back for now. After all, he understood better than anyone why Simona had come back to him.
Patience was key. He would wait.
A few days later, Skylar received a call from Janine as she was finishing up at work. Janine asked her to come home, mentioning that there was something important to discuss.
Even Steven would be bringing Mona with him. Charles was busy filming and couldn't get time off, while Harvey had a tournament and couldn't make
it.
On the other hand, Joe was so busy that he barely had time to breathe, and he was on a flight back to Jipsburg City.
Skylar and Steven had an idea of this
important matter. For a while, she and Steven had suspected that
Janine intended to make her relationship with Ted official,
possibly giving him a rightful el
ul place
in their family. They both needed to brace themselves for the idea of having a stepfather. 
As Skylar drove, she spoke with Steven on the phone. They had known about Janine's relationship with Ted for a few months, but they had been waiting for her to break the news herself. 
###chapter1462
 
Over the past few months, Steven and Skylar had noticed that Janine was glowing with happiness because of her newfound romance. It seemed that no matter a woman's age, love was always a vital part of her happiness.
As her children, they could offer her familial love, but Janine also needed the care and affection that came from a romantic partner-seeing her finally find that happiness brought them great joy.
As Skylar neared Rosetone Residence's complex, she found herself stopped at a red light at a busy intersection. It was rush hour, and the streets were bustling with cars.
She waited patiently for the light to change. Just then, a middle-aged man walking with a young woman caught her eye. The man appeared well- maintained, likely due to frequent exercise, making him look considerably youthful. The young woman at his side clung to his arm, her smile radiant.
At a glance, their facial features revealed a strong resemblance-it was unmistakable that they were father and daughter. If this had been an encounter with strangers on a typical day, Skylar might have simply spared them a passing glance.
But this man was different. This middle-aged man looked identical to the man in the cherished photograph that Janine had kept all these years. Time had etched a few lines on Finn's face, but beyond that, he appeared unchanged.
They seemed to have just left a restaurant before getting into a car and disappearing from view. Skylar felt a wave of dizziness wash over her, momentarily dazed.
"Was that Dad?" she thought, struggling to believe what she had just seen.
Lost in her thoughts, Skylar didn't notice the traffic light had changed. The cars behind her honked impatiently, jolting her back to reality. She had completely missed the light change.
After another ten minutes, she parked her car. But instead of immediately getting out and heading to the elevator, she dialed Steven's number. Steven picked up quickly. "I'm already in the parking garage."
"Steven, let's not go upstairs just yet. I need to talk to you about something," Skylar said, her voice unusually heavy.
She had just gone through the photos stored on her phone.
In one of the family photos from when they were young, Finn's face was crystal clear-it was the same middle-aged man she had just seen.
But now that she was calmer, she
t
realized the middle-aged man she saw earlier seemed to be living quite
n
well. He was driving a luxury car valued at two to three million dollars and dressed in designer clothes. 
The girl walking beside him had a refined air, and it was clear that he was doing quite well for himself.
Soon, Steven arrived.
Steven and Skylar exchanged a look.
On the side, Mona quietly waited.
"I saw Dad, Steven," Skylar spoke first.
Steven paused for a moment, then nodded calmly. "I've seen him too."
Skylar was a little surprised. "You've seen him before?"
et
"I found out a few months ago that he's still alive and has begun a new family. I didn't mention it because, after all this time, he didn't want anything to do with us or Mom Now that Mom has moved on, there's no point in letting him disrupt our lives orchers," Steven said, his tone steady and quiet. 
et
He'd believed that with Jipsburg's size and their vastly different lives they would never run into him, yet, he never expected Skylar to come across him today. 
###chapter1463
 
Skylar nodded after hearing Steven's words. She quickly pieced the situation together and asked, "Did you look into him?"
Steven, feeling a little helpless, knew that Skylar and his brothers were all quite sharp. Since Skylar had already run into Finn, he felt there was no point in hiding it anymore. He nodded and said, "I did. So let's just pretend we didn't see him."
Some things didn't need further digging. Even if that man offered an explanation, it wouldn't change anything.
It wouldn't change the lack of fatherly love they had grown up with a void that had always been there. They had never experienced it before, and there was no need for it now. In fact, his reappearance could do more harm than good. It would only bring more trouble for Janine.
She had spent so many years believing Finn died in an accident. If she found out that it was all a carefully planned deception, even the strongest of hearts would be shaken.
Steven understood this all too well.
After hearing Steven's words, Skylar forced a smile and said, "Alright. Let's go upstairs."
As expected, Janine introduced Ted and informed them about their relationship.
"We have known each other for several years. Over the years, we've gotten to know each other better, and recently we've been thinking about taking our relationship to the next level. I felt it was important to discuss this with you both and hear your thoughts."
After introducing Ted, Janine blushed slightly. After all, revealing a new relationship in front of her children made her somewhat self-conscious.
Ted looked at Skylar and Steven and said, "As your mother mentioned, we've known each other for a few years. Over this time, I've been deeply impressed by your mother's admirable qualities. She cares a lot about both of you, and I respect her, as well as your opinions."
At their age, it wasn't easy to talk about love in front of the younger generation.
But in both his and Janine's hearts, their love was as intense as that of any young couple.
Privately, they could have all the
quarrels they wanted, but in front of
ne
the younger generation, they needed to maintain the proper decorum. After all, Janine's children were all exceptional in their ways, so they should be able to accept their relationship. 
Skylar noticed Janine's and Ted's intertwined hands. Their relationship was progressing quickly.
However, she was happy about it. She and Steven had no ions. It was just that Janine didn't know that they had already known about it.
"Mr. Read, my mom has been through a lot to raise us, so we hope she can have the life she deserves from now on. Of course, we also hope that she will be cared for by someone who truly cherishes her," Steven said warmly.
Skylar nodded in agreement. "I feel the same. We respect every decision my mom makes and will also respect the people she cares about."
"Mom, I'm happy for you too," Mona said, giving Janine a thumbs-up.
She was truly happy for Janine. Before she knew about all the hardships Janine had gone through she hadn't thought much about it. But now, knowing how Janine had to face her husband's accident alone and raise four children on her own, she was deeply moved by her strength. 
Not many women in the world could have done the same.
In reality, many people would have been unable to handle such a blow and would have abandoned their children to live a good life for
net
themselves. Moreover, now that she knew Finn hadn't died in an accident but had been part of a scheme, she felt even more sympathy for her. 
At least now, someone with keen insight had entered Janine's life—someone who could recognize her worth and cherish her.
###chapter1464
 
Finn, who couldn't recognize Janine's worth, had best stay away and not disrupt her peaceful life in the future. Hearing the support from Skylar, Steven, and Mona, Janine's eyes welled up as she turned to look at Ted.
Ted lowered his head, gazing at Janine with a look of gentle affection. "Now there's nothing left to worry about, is there?"
During their time together, Janine had been anxious about her children finding out and possibly disapproving. The fear had weighed on her constantly.
If Ted hadn't insisted on making their relationship official, they might have continued their secretive romance indefinitely. Thinking about it, he couldn't help but laugh inwardly.
Despite his outward calm, Ted had been a bit anxious about this meeting. It felt almost like he was a nervous partner meeting Janine's beloved family for the first time.
"I wasn't worried. I know my children well. Whatever I decide, they'll support me," Janine said with a hint of pride.
The two of them were completely absorbed in each other, oblivious to the world around them.
Skylar and Steven exchanged a glance. Ted was clearly a good match for Janine. Despite being a few years younger than Janine, he treated her with such care and devotion that she seemed like a young woman again.
They could see the love in each other's eyes, and when they looked at one another, there was a spark in their gazes. Both Skylar and Steven were married and knew exactly what it felt like to have that kind of connection.
Janine was more than deserving of this happiness, and Ted's sharp judgment had truly seen her for the incredible woman she was.
That evening, dinner took place outside their home at a nearby restaurant, which Ted had thoughtfully arranged. He knew Janine had been restless, worrying about how meeting her children would go.
Halfway through dinner, when the manager brought out a fruit platter, they discovered that Ted owned this restaurant.
Not just this one-he ran a
successful chain with numerous locations in Jipsburg and even many
franchises across the country.

Considering what they already knew
about Ted, Skylar and Svenew
exchanged a look of
realization—Janine had unknowingly fallen in love with a wealthy man. 
"We're planning to have a wedding in about six months. It might be a destination wedding. We'd love to hear your thoughts," Ted said, turning to Skylar and Steven.
"There's no need for a wedding. Let's just have a small gathering with our closest friends and family," Janine interjected.
"Let's hear what the kids think," Ted said with a smile.
net
When it came to the wedding, he and Janine had been at an impasse for a while. He wanted a grand celebration to let everyone know they were married and to share the joy. After all, he had nothing to hide, and there was no reason for their marriage to be a quiet, secretive affair. 
Steven was the first to chime in. "I agree with Mr. Read. There has to be a wedding."
As far as he knew, Janine had never had a proper wedding before. When she got married previously, neither family had the means for a big celebration.
A wedding was something many women dream of and look forward to.
Skylar nodded in agreement. "I think so too. There should be a wedding."
"See, everyone's on board with me. So, we'll do it my way," Ted said, smiling at Janine.
He wasn't worried about much anymore, except perhaps Janine suddenly changed her mind and decided not to marry him after all. Everything was out in the open now, and there was no turning back.
Janine gave him a slightly exasperated look. "Fine, fine, we'll go with what you and the kids want. But there's no rush. It's not happening anytime soon, so let's not overthink the details."
Sometimes, she couldn't help but
l
feel a pang of doubt stemming from her insecurity. Occasionally, she would wonder if Ted, with his
GADUMS
younger age and bright future, might regret being with someone like her. 
###chapter1465
 
Ted wasn't sure what Janine was thinking. From his perspective, it seemed she didn't completely trust him, or rather, she seemed afraid of depending on him.
However, he wasn't in a hurry. Over time, she would gradually learn to trust him.
Watching the two of them playfully show off their affection toward each other, Skylar and Steven exchanged quiet words.
"Now we can be at ease. Mr. Read really does love Mom," Skylar said softly.
"Yeah, I was a bit worried before, but now I can relax," Steven replied. He made a mental note to talk to Charles and Harvey later, reminding them not to voice any opposition to Janine's relationship.
Mona, sitting next to Steven, whispered, "Darling, Mr. Read does spoil Mom."
That gave her an idea. She thought about adding a subplot in her new novel where the parents of the male and female leads had their own touching love story.
Sometimes, she even imagined what it would be like when she and Steven grew old. She wondered if Steven would still love her the way he did now. But that thought was just an occasional one. Most of the time, she was confident that Steven would continue to love her as long as they both put effort into their relationship and worked together to nurture their home.
She believed that they would continue to love each other as they grew older.
...
An hour later, Steven and Mona left first, and then Ted drove Janine home. Skylar drove back by herself.
Not far from Rosetone Residence, she came across a car accident at an intersection.
Two cars had collided, and the scene looked quite scary. Pieces of the vehicles were scattered everywhere.
Ambulances had arrived, and the police were managing the scene. The traffic on that road was temporarily blocked. Skylar glanced at the traffic ahead and behind her and decided to take a different road.
Just as she was about to make a turn, a man on a bicycle suddenly blocked her way.
Skylar quickly rolled down the window and looked at the man. She furrowed her brow when she saw who it was.
She lamented at the coincidence.
"Well, it's really you! I was riding my bike when I saw you parked here. At first, I thought I might have mistaken it, but it turns out it is you. What a coincidence, Ms. Sullivan," Stephen said. He looked at Skylar, pretending to be amazed. 
Skylar remained expressionless. "It is indeed a coincidence."
The young man appeared sunny and handsome, but when he looked at her, there was a glint of calculation in his eyes.
n
"If I told Simona about this, she'd be just as surprised. Jipsburg is such a big city, and yet here we are, running into each other twice in the past couple of days. Ms. Sullivan, do you have some time? I just thought of something I'd like to ask your opinion on." 
et
Stephen could sense Skylar's impatience with him. He had been acting well; based on his experience, his act would have easily made any woman fall for him. 
But for some reason, Skylar seemed unaffected. It almost felt as if she could see right through him. That feeling made him uneasy.
It was a feeling of being out of control.
Skylar spoke curtly, "Sorry, I have things to do. Please, move aside."
It was a blatant rejection.
To him, Skylar was being disrespectful. It differed from what Simona always said about Skylar being a good person.
He didn't see it. On the contrary, Skylar seemed aloof, looking down on him and his background as a poor student. A woman like her...
###chapter1466
 
Stephen knew women like her all too well-hypocrites. And Skylar was full of nothing but hypocrisy.
"You should have a few minutes to spare, right, Ms. Sullivan? Simona has always spoken highly of you. I thought the same when we met last time," Stephen said, his words laced with subtle implication.
Skylar's gaze turned cold, her voice distant as she replied, "I don't have time. Move aside."
She had no patience for someone like Stephen. Using negative items to manipulate Simona's thoughts and control her mind was despicable. His dirty tricks were revolting.
She couldn't bring herself to say another word to him.
Stephen would soon pay the price for everything he had done. Once again, he was rejected, and his expression darkened immediately.
"So you look down on me, don't you? You think I'm just some poor student?" he asked, gritting his teeth with resentment.
On the surface, it seemed that Skylar didn't care about a person's background or upbringing, but deep down, she was disgusted by people like him— ordinary people from rural backgrounds.
A woman like her, so hypocritical, would surely meet a bad end. Stephen would make sure to win her over.
Skylar furrowed her brow and scrutinized Stephen.
Suddenly, it dawned on her why he had so easily deceived Simona. With Stephen's ability to put on a fa?ade, it was no surprise that a young woman like Simona had fallen for his tricks.
He reminded her of Christopher. Like him, Stephen wore a charming, unassuming face and used sweet words to deceive young, na?ve women. His tactics were classic manipulation-something no young woman, fresh to the world, could defend herself against.
"Isn't it true that your past has been all over the inte for months? I believe you've dropped out of school by now, haven't you?" Skylar asked, a sarcastic smile tugging at her lips.
Stephen's expression shifted instantly, a look of guilt crossing his face. "Those things online about me... they're all fabrications, part of someone's deliberate smear campaign. You can't believe them; don't trust anything you read."
Skylar's voice turned harsh. "I saw it with my own eyes. And as for the money you scammed from Rosa, you've almost gotten all of it, haven't you?" Stephen's eyes widened in shock, his expression filled with fury. "Y-You!"
"Get lost!" Skylar snapped sharply.
Stephen jumped in surprise, his
nerves getting the best of him. He hurriedly pushed his bicycle onto the sidewalk, watching helplessly a's Skylar's car drove off right before him. 
His head was spinning. It took him a long time to collect his thoughts.
"How did she know? She said she saw it with her own eyes. Saw me with who?"
His mind raced back to when he and Rosa had been involved in intimate moments out on the streets and Rosa's occasional appearances in trending news because of her
connection with Joe. 
Normally, people wouldn't pay attention to such news-it was none of their business after all.
Just then, his phone rang. It was Rosa.
He frowned, reluctant to answer it. He had already swindled quite a bit of money from Rosa, but lately, he had been gambling and losing almost everything.
He had originally thought Rosa was well-off, someone he could easily manipulate, but she didn't have much money at all. Her wealth paled in comparison to the Parkinson family's.
But right now, he couldn't afford to burn any bridges, so he answered the phone. "Rosa."
"Where are you? Come to me. I'm feeling terrible right now. You don't know how awful Skylar Sullivan is. Why does Joe care so much about her? "He even married her and made it public-everyone knows he's married to her! And what about me? What am I to him now?
"He's made a joke out of me! But
you, Stephen, you've always been
there for me, even when I was at my
lowest, and we can even start a business together. Come be with me, Stephen." 
Rosa's voice carried a desperate tone, but Stephen only focused on one name in her rant.
"Skylar Sullivan? Who is she?" he asked, his voice tense.
###chapter1467
 
How could they share the same first and last names? Stephen wondered, but his instinct told him it wasn't just a coincidence.
"It's not important who Skylar is. The important thing is she's a total bitch! Do you understand? She's nothing but a bitch!" Rosa spat out, her voice seething with anger.
Stephen furrowed his brow. "Are you at home?"
"Yes, I'm at home. Hurry here. When you come, pick up a few bottles of alcohol on the way. I'm really upset today," Rosa said, feeling frustrated. With that, she abruptly ended the call.
As Stephen was about to leave on his bike, something suddenly occurred to him. He quickly pulled out his phone and searched for Joe. It didn't take long before he found a statement from Martin Group.
Joe had announced that he was married. Though he hadn't mentioned his wife's name, reports identified Skylar based on a side profile and some of her details.
He had just seen Skylar, so the side profile matched perfectly. Then came the rest of her identity details.
Of course, no one seemed interested in digging further into Skylar's private life.
Joe likely had given orders to keep Skylar's information private, not wanting anyone to bother her.
As he recalled his brief conversation with Skylar earlier, Stephen felt an unsettling chill run down his spine.
The more he thought about Rosa's occasional mentions of Joe and a certain manipulative woman who was always around him, the more everything made sense.
He had privately investigated Rosa's relationship with Joe, and many online reports helped him piece things together.
At the time, he hadn't thought much of it. After all, Joe and Rosa came from completely different backgrounds, and with Joe returning from Murida, it seemed impossible for them to be together still. That was why he had dared to deceive Rosa.
But he never expected that Skylar
would be the very same
manipulative woman Rosa had been talking about. When Skylar
mentioned
ne
that she had seen it with
her own eyes, Stephen realized she had likely witnessed him and Rosa together. 
Skylar might have even been keeping tabs on Rosa's every move in Jispburg. Suddenly, he felt a cold sweat on his back.
With Skylar's connection to Simona, he wondered if she might tell Simona about him and Rosa.
A sinking feeling settled in his gut.
But soon, Stephen thought of the
item he was wearing. With that item, Simona would never listen to anyone else. In her heart, she had already decided that someone had framed him, and she would stand by him no matter what. 
S
So, there was no need to worry about Skylar talking to Simona. Right now, he needed to meet with Rosa.
He also wanted to know how much money Rosa had left. He was running low himself and needed to win back the money he had lost at the casino.
In the spacious apartment, Rosa stood by the floor-to-ceiling windows.
The city's bustling skyline spread out before her. It felt like she was in a mirage, as if everything she had experienced in recent days was nothing but a dream.
A few months ago, she hadn't felt much about Jipsburg, but now, she suddenly wanted to stay here forever.
When she heard the door open behind her, she knew Stephen had arrived. She felt a wave of frustration and helplessness.
She thought about the news she had seen today and the humiliation of being pushed away by Joe in front of so many people just a few days ago in an instant, her eyes filled with tears. 
"I bought some alcohol, and I also brought your favorite peppered beef jerky from that place you like. I got a few desserts too." Stephen's warm and gentle voice came from behind her.
###chapter1468
 
Rosa immediately turned around and approached Stephen. She threw herself into his arms.
"Stephen, marry me! Let's get the marriage certificate first thing tomorrow, okay? I want to have a home in Jipsburg."
At that moment, she truly longed for someone to rely on. She wanted to get married and have her own home.
She couldn't wrap her head around how Joe could so easily marry Skylar. If it weren't for Skylar, she and Joe would have been husband and wife by
now.
They could have been raising children and living a joyful life. Everyone around them would have envied what they had.
Stephen stiffened at her words. The smile on his face almost faltered. "Marry you?"
"Yes, marry me! You always said you loved me and would take care of me for the rest of your life, right? I believe in you. Stephen, right now, you're the only one I can trust. The only one." Rosa held onto him tightly, afraid that he might leave her.
She wasn't sure if it was just her imagination, but it felt like Stephen hadn't been as attentive toward her lately.
Stephen couldn't help but roll his eyes inwardly. He found her suggestion preposterous. Did she think that he was some kind of last resort?
She thought she could turn to him when no one else wanted her. However, he maintained a calm tone and said, "I do love you, but I never expected you'd ask me to marry you under these circumstances. I know you still have feelings for that man. You only feel heartbroken because he's married now, which is why you're making this decision.
"I can't agree to this. I'm very clear that if we get married, you'll regret it. I'd rather stay by your side now and help you get through this painful time." Rosa couldn't stop the tears from falling as she listened, not thinking too deeply about Stephen's words.
"What if... What if I had fallen in love with you? What if I truly wanted to marry you?" she asked.
She desperately longed to find someone who would genuinely care for her and prioritize her. She wanted to be in a place where she was irreplaceable just like how Joe cared for Skylar. To him, other women were nothing more than afterthoughts. No, other women didn't even exist in his world.
Stephen's gaze flickered. "If you're
truly sincere, then I would be too d want to marry you. But I know right
now you're not ready to marry me. I can wait for you." Content belongs
Those five words—"I can wait for you" made Rosa smile through her tears. This was the response she had been waiting for.
...
Skylar had just returned home when
she received calls from Charles, Natalie, and several others. Without exception, they had all learned about
Joe's marriage announcement Each of them said more or less the same thing. 
"Joe has finally made it public!"
Then Lizzie called her and said, "Looks like I will be in the spotlight again for a while. A ton of reporters are waiting to interview me, and even a few variety shows are
el.n
reaching out. The offers they're
making are higher than last time. 
"After discussing with Muriel, I think I'll stay in the entertainment industry for another year or so and make a big profit before I leave."
Minerva, who was about to get married, said, "Skylar, I'm so happy for you! This means you and Joe can attend my wedding together in a few days."
Natalie said, "I'm happy for you. I can tell that Joe cares about you."
Skylar replied to each of them and then called Natalie back.
"When will you be back?" she asked.
A few days ago, Natalie and Austin had traveled to Fachington to meet his parents. Austin wanted to get engaged first.
Natalie replied, "I'm not sure. I'm not staying at Austin's place. I've been at a hotel these past few days."
Skylar had planned to pour herself a glass of water, but when she heard Natalie's response, she stopped mid-action. "Why are you staying at a hotel?" she asked, puzzled.
###chapter1469
 
Natalie could tell that Skylar was worried about her. But at this moment, she had other things to focus on.
"Austin's family doesn't like me. They think I'm not good enough for him just because of my past marriage. I wasn't prepared for this when I came here. I was so na?ve. Maybe Austin didn't expect his family to be so blunt with us, either," Natalie said, forcing a bitter laugh.
She paused, but there was no real sadness in her tone.
Before coming here, Natalie had prepared herself mentally. She had known this might be the end for her and Austin.
Sometimes, she still hoped that Austin would be like the person from those early news reports someone without any family background.
If that were the case, there would be no obstacles for them to be together. Their feelings for each other would have been purer.
But sadly, that wasn't meant to be, and they weren't fated to be together.
Skylar's voice softened. "Are you getting used to staying in the hotel?"
"It's a five-star suite. Of course I'd be used to it. It's just that I miss home," Natalie replied with a faint smile.
She gazed out at the unfamiliar landscape of the foreign country, her thoughts drifting back to her family. No matter how luxurious the suite, nothing compared to the comfort of her own small bed.
"I'll wait for you to return," Skylar said kindly.
Natalie felt her eyes welling up. "I'm craving fondue. The one in front of our school. Can you take me there when I get back?"
"Have you booked your flight?"
"Yes, for the day after tomorrow."
"Then I'll pick you up at the airport, and we'll go straight to the fondue restaurant."
After Natalie agreed, the call ended. As Natalie put her phone down, there was a knock at the door.
In a foreign land, it was easy to guess who would be looking for her now.
From the peephole, she saw Austin standing outside. After a brief hesitation, she opened the door.
Without a word, Austin cupped Natalie's face with both hands, pressing her against the wall as he kissed her.
Two hours later, Natalie walked out of the bathroom and noticed Austin standing by the window, smoking. From his posture, she could tell that he was weighed down with heavy thoughts. 
She walked over to him, embracing him from behind.
"You don't have to feel torn. I've already booked my flight for the day after tomorrow. When we meet again, I'll still be your number one fan, and you'll still be my Mr. Powell," she said softly. 
Austin's back stiffened, and his breath immediately became heavier.
"Your father's battling cancer. He needs family around, and I know you have feelings for me. We both treat our relationship seriously. It has been beautiful, and I'll always hold ontot. When I'm gone, be with your family. 
"This world isn't just about love-sometimes, family and friendship are more important," Natalie said slowly.
As she spoke, she couldn't help but admire herself. She never imagined that one day, she would be so serious, trying to comfort someone.
She had grown up. She was no longer the reckless Natalie she had been before.
If Austin's father hadn't been diagnosed with cancer, she would have been unhesitating in continuing her relationship with him, no matter the obstacles.
But fate had a way of playing games with people.
She had seen it in his eyes just now-Austin hadn't slept in days. His eyes were bloodshot, and there were dark circles under his eyes.
Austin turned around and lowered his gaze to meet hers.
She was smiling, but her eyes were filled with tears.
"Wait for me," Austin whispered.
###chapter1470
 
Two days later, Natalie returned.
Skylar went to the airport to pick her up, and then they went straight to a fondue restaurant. After finishing the meal, Skylar drove Natalie back home. Natalie sat in the passenger, a sudden silence falling over her.
Earlier at the fondue restaurant, she had been talking non-stop, acting the same as usual. It seemed like her breakup with Austin hadn't affected her at all.
But now, with the silence in the car, she, too, had quieted down. Skylar felt a pang of sympathy for her but didn't ask anything. Instead, she quietly kept her company.
There was some traffic on the road, and they were moving slowly. As Natalie stared out the window at the night scenery, her eyes slowly became red, and tears started to fall.
She quickly raised a hand to wipe her tears away. Knowing Skylar had probably seen her crying, she no longer tried to hide it.
"I can't believe I'm heartbroken again. I don't care. You're staying with me tonight," she said.
Skylar pointed to the back of the car. "There's alcohol and your favorite snack in the truck. I'll stay with you tonight."
"Of course, the one who understands me the most in this world is you," Natalie said, immediately smiling through her tears.
Her heart ached throughout the flight home. She felt empty and exhausted by the time she disembarked, eating the fondue in a daze. But as night fell, the flood of emotions she'd held back finally burst forth.
Thankfully, Skylar was there with her.
Joe had just arrived home when he received a message from Skylar.
Her message was short and to the point. She said she would be staying with Natalie tonight and wouldn't be coming home.
He furrowed his brow after reading the message. It seemed like he would be sleeping alone tonight.
Looking at the empty house before him, he suddenly felt lonely. He wondered if he meant that little to her.
Joe reached for a bottle of liquor
from the cab. Slowly sipping, he
et
stared out at the sprawling nightscape of Jipsburg City. In his mind, an image kept resurfacing, a vision that felt almost unreab 
Swno
It wasn't from the memories he had lost over the years. This was something else-a moment from the future when they were both more mature. Their faces were full
disappointment toware full
other,
and he couldn't remember exactly what had been said. 
The image was powerful, disturbing even. He had always believed that he and Skylar would never become so indifferent to each other.
Like now, Skylar hadn't even been home for a day, and he already felt uncomfortable and out of place.
After finishing the last sip of his drink, he got up and headed to the bathroom.
It had been a few months filled with so many events, and his memories were occasionally resurfacing.
Howard had warned him that, at times, it was inevitable for things to get mixed up.
...
It was rare for anyone to be out after dark near the college campus, yet some still hurried back to their dorms.
Pedaling his bicycle with a helmet and glasses, Stephen was barely recognizable to anyone who might have known him unless they looked closely.
He checked the time. He had been waiting for over 20 minutes, but there was still no sign of Simona.
He had been busy soothing Rosa the past few days, and it had taken a lot to secure one million dollars. He had come over right away as soon as he had the time.
Simona couldn't make sense of it.
Even with his packed schedule these past few days, she hadn't bothered to call him once. She probably wouldn't have reached out if he
1.n
hadn't realized how long it had been
since they'd spoken. 
He'd called her 30 minutes ago, asking to meet up. Yet now, half an hour later, she was still dragging her feet.
His patience was running thin.
Just as he was about to give up, he finally saw Simona walking out.
###chapter1471
 
Simona spotted Stephen from a distance. Yet, the moment she saw him, a familiar thought crept back into her mind.
It was an urge that had always pushed her toward Stephen. Yet recently, another voice surfaced in her mind, whispering that she shouldn't trust him. Stephen was a fraud through and through.
Images of him cozying up to several women played in her mind again. That inner voice insisted she shouldn't trust him.
In the days following their reconciliation, she had rarely second-guessed him. Yet, those doubts had crept back in over the past two days for reasons she couldn't quite articulate. Now, as she neared Stephen, she felt torn part of her wanted to trust him, to believe in him again, but an even stronger instinct urged her to examine him more closely.
It was a stark difference from before. Back then, she had felt a desperate need to be close to him, as if delaying even for a moment would cost her something irreplaceable.
Now, it baffled her. She found herself questioning how she had forgiven him so easily. It made no sense to her.
"Stephen, we need to talk," she said with a serious tone as she reached him.
Stephen was momentarily taken aback. "Talk? Well, that's a coincidence. I've got something to say to you too. Let's walk while we talk." "Fine," Simona replied with an impassive expression.
Stephen's instincts told him something was off as he pushed his bicycle alongside her. He considered his words carefully as they walked.
Eventually, they reached a park near the campus and sat on a bench. Stephen broke the silence first.
"I booked us flight tickets for a little gateway during the break. It's to that theme park you always talked about visiting. I've got the hotel sorted and made the itinerary. All you need to do is come along and enjoy," Stephen said.
His eyes sparkled with genuine excitement as if nothing mattered more than this trip with her.
Simona listened with a growing frown. She thought, "A trip?"
Months ago, such a gesture would have thrilled her. But now...
She took a deep breath and said, "I've been busy preparing for the graduate school entrance exam lately, so don't think I have time to go with you. I'm sorry. Maybe you can go with some friends instead." 
She needed time to calm herself and think clearly. She had to reflect on why she had been able to let go of Stephen so completely months ago, only to find herself tangled up in
feelings for him again lately. 
A faint voice in her mind kept whispering that Stephen was above everyone else. However, earlier today, when she was in her dorm, that voice seemed to weaken.
"What?" Stephen stared at Simona,
his shock evident. "You don't have to cram for the graduate school entrance exam. It's just a three-day trip-we leave on Friday and return on Sunday. It won't take up that much of your time." 
Something was off. Stephen realized it immediately.
Simona's behavior was completely uncharacteristic. Someone must have spoken to her, causing this sudden change. He wondered if it was Skylar. However, that wasn't possible. Even if Skylar had said something, Simona would never believe it. She trusted him more than anyone else. Simona's brow furrowed deeply, conflicting thoughts flooding her mind. Suddenly, a sharp pain struck her head. She instinctively clutched at her temples. "My head... it hurts."
"Headache? Do you need to see a doctor? Have you been studying too much lately and not getting enough rest? This time, you have to listen to me as your boyfriend. Take a break with me.
"With your abilities, you don't need to push yourself this hard. Compared to your health, graduate school entrance exams are nothing!" Stephen's tone was commanding and firm.
Though he spoke with apparent confidence, his eyes scrutinized Simona closely. He couldn't shake an ominous feeling that something was off. Despite the pain, Simona shook her head. "I really can't go. It's getting late. I should head back to campus."
She moved to pull away from Stephen's hold. Caught off guard, he stumbled back.
Without looking at him again, she turned and walked the way she had come.
"Wait! Simona, you're acting strange. Did someone talk to you about me? Is someone trying to turn you against me?" Stephen called out, catching up and stepping in her path.
###chapter1472
 
Simona suddenly felt a surge of anger. "Stephen, you're so annoying! You're such a nuisance!"
"Simona!" Stephen exclaimed in shock. What was going on with her?
Simona stopped in her tracks, her gaze fixed on him in confusion. For a brief moment, she couldn't understand why she was seeing him. Weren't they supposed to be over?
Then it hit her-they had patched things up. But still...
The thought nagged at her-how had she managed to convince herself that Stephen was innocent in all of this?
"Stephen, stay away from me. These past few days, I must have been blinded. How could I have gotten back together with you? Don't come after me anymore. I don't want to see you," Simona said.
The words tumbled out before she could stop them, a surge of pent-up emotions spilling free. But as soon as she finished, she felt lighter, as though a suffocating weight had been lifted from her chest.
She could no longer deny the truth-Stephen was a liar.
Stephen stood frozen in disbelief. Something wasn't right. Simona seemed completely different-her rejection was palpable, her eyes filled with disdain, just as they had been during their breakup.
"Simona? What's happening? Is it because I made the plans without asking you first? Or because I insisted on this trip? If it's about that, we can talk. I never meant to upset you," Stephen stammered, his voice faltering.
Simona looked at him, her gaze hardening. But as his humble demeanor sank in, a sharp pain shot through her head, and two opposing voices in her mind began to clash.
Just then, someone called out to her.
"Simona."
She looked over when she heard the voice. "Halle?"
"What are you doing here in the park? And... Wait, is that Stephen? You two... You and Stephen..." Halle Weber furrowed her brow, staring at him. Simona quickly walked over to Halle. "We just happened to run into each other. Are you heading back to campus, or did you just leave?"
"I'm heading back to campus. I was getting bored in the dorm, so I decided to take a walk. I didn't expect to bump into you. Let's go back together." "Let's go," Simona replied.
Stephen had been quiet ever since Halle showed up, but his eyes were still fixed on Simona.
They walked away, but Simona
didn't look back at him once.
Stephen's heart raced, and he
et
quickly glanced down at the emerald charm he was wearing. He
wondered if it had lost its povel
sw nove
However, the person had told him that Simona would be devoted to him forever as long as he wore it. But her behavior just now... Simona was so decisive and indifferent.
The next morning, Skylar woke up with the lingering effects of a hangover. She felt weak, her head pounding.
Natalie was still sleeping on the couch.
The two of them had spent the night laughing and crying over drinks until they eventually passed out. Skylar managed to drag herself out of bed, took a few sips of water, and went to grab her phone. 
Natalie's place was nearly out of everything. There wasn't even a single grain of pasta to make a meal, so Skylar had no choice but to look up some food delivery options on her phone. 
But when she unlocked her phone, she saw a message that instantly sobered her up.
###chapter1473
 
Skylar found a message from Aiken on her phone.
"Yesterday, Stephen showed up at the college looking for Simona. I had a classmate ready to step in at just the right moment. Simona's attitude shifted quickly, so there was nothing to worry about. Now, it's time for me to start reeling Stephen in."
Aiken's words were more of an update to Skylar, reassuring her that there was no need to keep worrying about Simona. Skylar wasn't surprised that Simona had broken free from the influence of the negative item.
But it only confirmed her suspicions. The negative item attached to Stephen was very similar to the ones she had discovered in Avalon Residence. These items were destructive to both others and the person who wielded them.
Skylar thought about how Stephen had recently been using the negative item to gain success in romance. However, things were likely going awry in all other aspects of his life.
It wouldn't be long before Stephen's actions would backfire. Skylar frowned as she thought about the frequent appearance of these negative items.
"Do you have a headache? You had so much fun drinking, but now you're paying the price. I have some medicine at home. Let me go get it."
Natalie, still half-dazed, slowly stood up from the couch. She regretted drinking so much. The consequence of drinking so much was that now her whole body felt uncomfortable.
"I've just ordered some breakfast. It'll be here in about 30 minutes. Let's eat and take some hangover medicine afterward," Skylar said as she poured two glasses of water and retrieved some honey from the fridge. "Drink this honey water first."
"I love you so much! This honey is the one you gave me last time. Whenever I wake up with a sore throat, a cup of honey water is all it takes to soothe my throat," Natalie said, quickly finishing the cup of honey water.
The discomfort in her throat immediately eased, and she felt revitalized, as if coming back to life.
Skylar drank her water slowly, sipping it in small amounts. "Do you have plans to go out after breakfast?"
"I think I'll sleep a bit during the day. In the evening, I'll go back to my mom's place. I still don't know how to tell her.
"She's very sensitive. If she finds out about my breakup, I'm sure she'll be even more upset than I am. Just thinking about it gives me a headache," Natalie said, clearly regretting telling her family about her relationship with Austin.
Secrets like this couldn't remain buried for long. One day, Austin paid her a visit and, by chance, encountered her mom.
A man and a woman alone in a room-it was an image that spoke volumes.
Given her past role as Austin's assistant, it was only natural for people to assume the truth about their relationship.
Skylar encouraged Natalie. "Things will work out on their own."
Natalie's eyes lit up as if a weight had been lifted. "You're right! Things will work out on their own," she said, her voice filled with a newfound clarity. Breakups weren't the real fear. The true fear was avoiding them when they were necessary.
Thankfully her memories with
Austin were all beautiful. No matter
what obstacles others placed in
their path, they couldn't shake the strength of their connection 
O.UMS
Two hours later, Skylar returned home around noon. As soon as she opened the door, she saw Joe.
She was quite surprised. "Didn't you have anything to do today?"
Joe raised an eyebrow, a hint of helplessness in his eyes. "There's nothing to do today. I told you this morning that I'd be staying home."
The unspoken meaning was clear-she hadn't taken his words seriously, leaving him all alone at home.
Skylar couldn't help but laugh,
feeling as though Joe was like a puppy abandoned at home. She walked over, trying to suppress her smile. "Have you had lunch yet?" 
Joe glanced down at the book in his hands. "Not hungry."
He was being rather stubborn.
Skylar put down her bag and went straight to the bedroom. Joe glanced up briefly and tugged at the corner of his lips. It was painfully clear to him that he ranked lowest in her heart, trailing behind her family and friends. 
Skylar quickly changed and came out again. "I haven't had anything to eat. I'll check what's left in the fridge."
When Joe heard her mention she hadn't eaten, his gaze lifted.
###chapter1474
 
Skylar's bright smile and the sight of her in matching loungewear-the same one Joe wore-seemed to calm his turbulent thoughts. "Let's cook together," he said.
Skylar immediately wrapped her arms around Joe. "What do you want to eat?"
Joe lowered his gaze to the woman in his arms, his eyes showing a hint of a smile. "Let me think."
"Let's open the fridge and see what we have," Skylar said as she headed for the fridge.
But before she could reach it, she suddenly found herself lifted off the ground.
"Joe, what are you doing?" she asked, startled.
"First, feed me, then we can cook," Joe replied.
"Wait... Wait a minute..." Skylar stammered. "Mm..."
...
Three days later, the underground casino buzzed with life, the clinking of chips reverberating through the walls. The air was charged with excitement, though some faces were marked by defeat.
A few were grinning from ear to ear after their wins, while others had already pawned their possessions just to stay in the game.
Among them was Stephen.
Half an hour ago, chips were piled high in front of him, and people around him were congratulating him. But now, just half an hour later, his chips had dwindled to just a few.
His eyes were bloodshot as he stared intently at his cards.
He had started with a million dollars on the table his last remaining funds. The few chips left before him amounted to just a few thousand. Moments ago, he had been on a hot streak, winning millions.
He had convinced himself that today was his lucky day, that he would finally recover his losses and maybe even walk away with a few million to spare. But in less than 30 minutes, everything had unraveled. He had lost it all. How was this even possible?
He couldn't give up. He had to change his luck.
Yet, as he turned over his cards, his face turned pale. His mind raced, his body froze, and he nearly toppled off his seat in shock.
"Are you continuing or not? If not, get out of the way," someone urged Stephen.
His mind was still spinning, and he could barely hear what the
were saying. It was as the
words were distant echoes, Content
"If you're broke, leave. Stop wasting space. If you're still playing, then get more chips." "He brought a million dollars with him, but I think it's all gone now," someone else said. "How dare he play with just a million?"
Stephen's face drained of color at
the mocking words. As he stood
stiff and disoriented, he get
but lament his rotten luck.
W
belongs to 
Of the ten times he'd come, only twice had he left a winner. The rest had been a steady stream of losses.
He couldn't seem to stop himself. Every time he lost, he swore it would be different next time.
Each victory drew him back, but now, just a few trips later, he was broke once again.
"Do you want to borrow some
V
money? Maybe you can still turn things around," someone near him said and Stephen caught those words for some reason. 
He thought, "Turn things around? Yes, I can still turn things around."
Hours later, the sky began to lighten. Stephen wandered into the campus in a daze and immediately dialed Simona's number.
After several tries, she finally answered.
"What is it?" Simona's voice was cold and indifferent.
###chapter1475
 
Stephen immediately sensed the coldness in Simona's voice. It made him feel uneasy.
"Simona, what's going on with you? Is there some kind of misunderstanding between us?" He had not slept all night, having gone from the highs of hope to the depths of despair.
Once again, he found himself broke. And at such a low point, Simona's coldness toward him as his girlfriend was a slap in the face. It hurt deeply, and he couldn't bring himself to accept it.
"What I said that day at the park was true, Stephen. Let's break up. I've been confused for a while, and I didn't know why I got back with you. But after thinking it through these past couple of days, I've realized that we shouldn't be together," Simona said, repeating her decision.
Although part of her still couldn't fully understand why she felt so torn, she knew deep down that continuing like this would only lead her to lose herself altogether.
Stephen was seething with anger. His eyes burned with rage as he grabbed Simona's hand. "No, something's not right. Someone must have said something to you, right? Someone's been stirring things between us. You believed them, didn't you?"
Simona was stunned. "What are you talking about? This is between us. No one knows we're back together. These past couple of days, I've suddenly had some clarity. I've carefully considered our situation and future.
"We're on different paths and want different things, so why should we keep holding on? Our views and expectations for the future are different, and our values don't align. It's better for both of us to part ways respectfully."
"No, you can't just break up with me. You can't just say it's over like that! After everything I've done for you, how can you just walk away?" Stephen's eyes turned redder.
His grip tightened on Simona's wrist, as if he were trying to snap it in half.
Simona winced in pain, and her expression hardened. "Stephen, what are you doing? Let go of me! What do you mean, you've done so much for me? Who's been giving more in this relationship? I don't want to fight with you again. Not like this."
Looking at him, she wondered what had clouded her judgment. She wondered how she had ever believed Stephen was her true love.
There were even times when she feared that if she lost him, she would never find anyone who loved her more than he did.
But now, it all seemed so foolish. Stephen wasn't as great as she had once thought. She realized her own emotions had blinded her.
Stephen's eyes reddened even more. "Simona! I'm the one you love the most. I love you so much. Is this how you're going to treat me? I refuse to break up! As long as I disagree, you're still my girlfriend."
Simona chuckled coldly. "Trying to play the tough guy, huh? This won't work for me. Maybe it would scare some other girls, but not me. I said we're breaking up, and that's final. Your opinion doesn't matter. 
LOUMS
With that, she pushed him away forcefully and turned to walk back to campus. Stephen, unwilling to give up, ran after her and blocked her path.
"Don't just walk away! Have you
fallen for someone else? Aren't you afraid people will think you're being unfaithful? Or that you're only after money?" Stephen's eyes burned with an unhinged intensity. "Do you think I'm too poor for you? Is that it? Do you look down on me now?" His emotions twisted into a dangerous obsession. 
Simona rolled her eyes. "Yes, I'm tired of you being poor. Is that enough for you?"
She hadn't considered Stephen petty before, but now, it was impossible to ignore how petty he had become.
"You!"
"We're done. There's nothing more to say," Simona declared with a firm and decisive attitude, not a trace of hesitation.
Stephen couldn't comprehend it. Just a while ago, Simona had been obedient to him. Now, it was as if everything had changed. The emerald pendant he had bought for 50,000 dollars no longer affected Simona.
However, he couldn't focus on that right now.
###chapter1476
 
Stephen had long since abandoned his education, and now he was a regular fixture in the tabloids his audacity reaching new heights. But what really mattered was that he couldn't afford to lose Simona. He still needed her to help him climb into a higher social sphere.
Grinding his teeth in frustration, he picked up his phone and called Rosa. "My dad's been hospitalized. They say he has bone cancer, and I'm broke. Could you lend me 100,000 dollars? I'll pay you back double once the company starts turning a profit and I get my cut..."
He needed the money. 100,000 dollars was a lifeline, or maybe he could try his luck at a casino, place a bet, and make it all back. His instincts told him that his fortune was about to change.
Skylar quickly learned about Simona's situation from Aiken. She heard that Simona had broken up with Stephen for the second time.
Aiken was still concerned. "Do you think Simona could be falling under the influence of some negative item again?"
Skylar nodded, deep in thought. "Give it a couple of days. I'll prepare a talisman for her. She can keep it in her bag. If anything like that happens again if someone tries to use negative energy against her-it shouldn't affect her much. Maybe just a headache or some occasional discomfort." Aiken was reassured. "Alright, thank you for this."
Skylar assured him it was no trouble, but just as she was about to end the call, she heard a soft, feminine voice calling out to Aiken. The voice was delicate, almost seductive, sending an unexpected chill down her spine.
She paused for a moment, then smiled and ended the call.
It seemed that Aiken had found someone new.
Maybe soon, after attending Minerva's wedding, she would be attending Aiken's too.
A few days later, at Parkinson Residence, Simona walked in and immediately asked, "Aiken, why did you want me to come home so urgently? Is something wrong?"
Aiken nodded and walked over. "Sit down. We need to talk."
"Okay," Simona replied, feeling a little uneasy. She felt that Aiken had something important to say, and she wondered if something bad had happened to the family.
Aiken wasn't the type to act formally
e
unless it was important. Surely, whatever it was concerned them, as
their relatives weren't close enough to merit this kind of formality
UMS
"You got back together with Stephen recently, didn't you?" Aiken asked.
Simona's eyes widened in surprise. "You know? Well... it's not really getting back together. I don't know what happened to me during that time. believed everything he said, even though I knew he might have been lying to me deep down.
MS
"I couldn't help it. I just liked him. But I've snapped out of it these past few days and broke up with him again. Don't worry, Aiken, I've handled it."
She felt a bit embarrassed and guilty
as she spoke, She had promised to
break up with him before, only to end up back with him. She couldn't understand why she had let Stephen influence her so much during that time. 
"You've always been smart. You're not the type to make the same mistake twice. Have you thought about why you were so easily swayed by Stephen?" Aiken's tone softened.
Simona froze for a moment, realization dawning on her. "Do you know something, Aiken?"
###chapter1477
 
Aiken handed over a talisman to Simona. "This is from Skylar. It will protect you from being influenced by any negative items."
Simona stared at the talisman for a moment before understanding dawned on her. "Wait... Are you saying that I've been so irrationally attached to Stephen lately because he's carrying some negative items? And Skylar saw me with him at the restaurant a few days ago and noticed I was under its effect, and that's why she gave me this, right?"
Aiken nodded and patiently explained everything from start to finish.
Simona's eyes widened with every word. "Stephen is beyond disgusting. Did he use negative items to manipulate me? No wonder I felt like two voices were battling in my mind.
"One would tell me to get a grip and leave him, but the other kept insisting I couldn't lose him. Sometimes, I felt like I was losing control of myself, like I was obsessed with him. But when I was alone, it didn't feel right."
It was infuriating. Once again, Stephen's shamelessness had left Simona in utter disbelief. He had completely shattered her understanding of how low a person could sink.
To manipulate her feelings and decisions using a negative item just to achieve his goals was beyond despicable. There were no limits to what he would do. Such deceit and manipulation were nothing short of vile and appalling.
Aiken's expression darkened. "At least we caught it before it could do worse damage. He won't be able to hurt you again."
"If he dares come near me again, I'll make sure he regrets it," Simona fumed.
Just the thought of how lucky she was that Skylar had intervened in time made her shudder. Without that intervention, Stephen might have manipulated her into sleeping with him.
The mere thought of having been intimate with such a despicable person made her feel sick to her core. It was a revolting feeling.
They hadn't crossed that line, but the kiss was enough to make her wish she could rid herself of every trace of it. If only she could wash it all away until she could meet her own reflection without seeing Stephen's presence in the back of her mind.
Aiken watched Simona's disgust and frustration, thinking of the tangled mess Stephen had made for himself. He spoke calmly, "Stephen's actions will corner him soon. It won't be long before he pays the price for everything he's done."
"I only now realize that he would stop at nothing to get what he wants, without morals or boundaries. But with Skylar's help this time, I won't be afraid of these negative items harming me anymore."
Simona was furious with her past naivety, wishing she could slap some sense into her former self. She could barely believe she had ever fallen for someone like Stephen.
Maybe she had been drawn in by his charm and deceptive appearance.
He did look handsome, but his pretentiousness in social interactions made him seem arrogant. Thinking back now, that high and mighty attitude was just something he had deliberately put on.
She realized just how superficial she had been in the past.
"Aiken, I'm sorry for worrying you these past few days," Simona said, feeling guilty. She had made Aiken worry when they were little, and now that she had grown up, she was still causing him the same trouble. 
UMS
Aiken's cold expression softened. "We're siblings. There are no faults between us. The one at fault is
Stephen. But if you can learn
something from this and avoid
falling for the same kind of scum in the future, then this experience won't have been a waste of time." 
"I've been deceived by him three or four times already. I'll remember this lesson. Don't worry, Aiken." Simona wanted to slap herself for being so foolish. But she held back from doing it in front of him.
In any case, she was wide awake now. "Stephen, what a scoundrel you are!"
Just then, Aiken's phone rang.
Simona stood up. "Go ahead and
take the call, Aiken. I'll head back to college. No matter how much of a scoundrel he is, I can't let him stop me from focusing on my graduate school entrance exam." 
Aiken nodded in agreement and answered the call. "Don't bother returning it. Just throw it away."
As Simona walked toward the door, she heard those words and blinked. She wondered what Aiken meant by "throw it away".
Maybe it was another one of Aiken's past relationships coming back to haunt him. In recent years, Aiken hadn't been around many women. She wondered if there was a new woman in his life now.
From the tone of his voice, it didn't seem like the usual dismissive attitude he had toward those who just wanted money.
###chapter1478
 
Realizing this, Simona quickly put the thought aside. Aiken was nothing like her. While she might easily be deceived, Aiken was definitely not someone who could be easily tricked by a woman.
The most he might fall for was a woman using his body, but never his heart.
On her way back to college, Simona remembered that she needed to add Stephen back to her blacklist. She also took a moment to check Instagram.
Suddenly, she noticed a post from Wendy. They had both been accepted into the same college years ago, but Wendy had gone abroad to study afterward.
The two of them kept in touch and contacted each other from time to time.
Wendy had returned a few days ago, but Simona had been too busy to meet up with her. They had planned to have lunch together on Sunday. However, now that Simona saw the street view Wendy had posted, she suddenly felt she should visit her.
No matter what happened, Simona always had Aiken to back her up. And with Skylar and Caleb by her side, she never felt alone.
But Wendy had no such support. Her family couldn't really be called a family. For years, Wendy had been on her own.
"Hey, Wendy, do you have time tonight? Let's grab dinner together."
Skylar had been working overtime for three straight days at the Gardner Group building. She and Caleb were restoring a valuable antique.
...
She massaged her sore neck, feeling the fatigue. "Finally, time to clock out."
Caleb stretched lazily and yawned. "I'm dead tired, but at least it's done."
The work they had done over these few days had far surpassed his workload from the previous month.
"It's dinner time. Want to go grab a bite?" Caleb casually asked Skylar. It had been a while since they had eaten together.
Skylar shook her head. "Not today. I'm too tired. I'm going home to rest. I'll treat you in a few days."
"Alright," Caleb said, sounding a little down.
l
He had come to realize that his one-sided feelings for her were never going to be reciprocated. Skylar and Joe had become inseparable, so he figured he might as well stop being the third wheel.
UMS
The two of them packed up and left the building together. Caleb still preferred riding his motorcycle to work. He revved the engine and disappeared down the street in an instant. 
Skylar made her way toward her car.
Suddenly, someone called out to her from behind. "Skylar, we need to talk."
Hearing the familiar voice, Skylar paused and turned around. When she saw Rosa standing there, her cheek swollen and her eyes red and puffy, Skylar was a bit surprised. 
She said, "I don't think there's anything for us to talk about."
Rosa's eyes welled up with tears as she looked at Skylar, but the jealousy, envy, and even a hint of resentment were impossible for her to hide.
"No, there's a lot we need to talk about. Are you happy now, seeing me like this? Or are you just enjoying my misery?"
Skylar sighed. "Go ahead, what is it?"
It seemed that if she didn't talk to Rosa today, she wouldn't leave her alone. Skylar still couldn't understand Rosa's thought process.
###chapter1479
 
The truth would come to light one day. At that time, Rosa should have understood that leaving was the best outcome for both of them. Rosa took a deep breath and stared at Skylar, who was shining brightly before her. Her heart was full of jealousy.
Why? Why did Skylar, who was already so perfect, have to compete with her for a man? Why did even fate seem to favor Skylar?
Seeing Rosa staring at her with a sinister gaze but saying nothing, Skylar decided to speak. "Not speaking? Then I assume there's nothing important to talk about."
Then, she turned and walked toward her car.
Just as she was about to get in, Rosa quickly stepped forward to block her. "Wait!"
"Let's go to the café across the street and talk there. Don't say you're in a hurry to leave-I met Joe before I came to find you. He's very busy and will definitely get home later than you."
Skylar raised her brow slightly and glanced at the time. "Alright, let's go."
The two then headed to a nearby café.
The café was bustling at this hour. So, Rosa chose a seat by the window. She didn't want others to see her swollen, red face. She didn't want anyone to see her in such a pitiful state.
Of course, she was painfully aware of how pathetic she looked right now.
That was why she couldn't swallow her pride and had come looking for Skylar.
After a waiter brought their coffee, Rosa took a few sips, calming down her thoughts. Then, she took a deep breath and fixed her gaze on Skylar.
"Aren't you curious about how Joe and I spent those three years together? Do you really trust him so much that you've never wondered if he still has feelings for me?" 
Three years! That was probably longer than Skylar had known Joe.
Even the coldest and most indifferent person could develop feelings after three years together, right?
Rosa refused to believe that Joe didn't harbor even the slightest trace of affection for her.
Skylar took a few sips of her coffee She often came to this café during lunch breaks with her colleagues, and she quite liked the taste of their coffee. 
n
"Did you even hear me? Skylar, don't you sometimes lose control of yourself? Don't you ever wonder or feel jealous of me?
"I'm sure Joe has mentioned me to you. He probably told you he had no feelings for me during those three years, right? But can you really believe that?
"A man and a woman spent three years together-do you seriously believe everything he said?" Rosa stared intently at Skylar, hoping to detect a flicker of doubt on her face. 
UMS
But to her disappointment, Skylar seemed completely unaffected. Skylar seemed good at hiding her thoughts, leaving nothing for others to grasp. But, when she finally spoke, her tone was cold, "Is this all you have to say?"
"Aren't... aren't you curious? Don't you want to know?" Rosa pressed on, unwilling to give up. She thought that Skylar was just pretending to be calm.
###chapter1480
 
Rosa thought that Skylar must be full of doubts and suspicions.
But, to remain composed in front of Joe, she acted indifferent, as if nothing mattered to her. In reality, she cared more than anyone else.
Rosa detested women who pretended to be calm and indifferent-it was too manipulative.
Skylar couldn't help but laugh at Rosa's theatrics and questioning. "Rosa, do you think Joe hasn't regained his memory?"
Rosa froze. "What do you mean? Are you saying he's regained his memory? That's impossible. The doctor said he'd never regain his memory."
It was precisely because Joe wouldn't regain his memory that Rosa had decided to turn him into Ned three years ago.
She would still be in Murida, living a life of luxury if not for Skylar. But now, she was just scraping by, and her company was losing money every day.
"Nothing is absolute in this world. We're both women, and I don't want to speak too harshly. If you have nothing else to say, let's end this here. Don't bother me again," Skylar said coldly.
She felt there was no point in wasting time with Rosa.
She could overlook Rosa's deception and manipulation of Joe during those three years out of respect for her care at the time.
Rosa panicked when she saw Skylar standing up to leave.
"Wait! I'm not done yet. Don't you want to know where I saw Joe today or what he said to me?" Rosa continued, not letting go.
Skylar remained calm, glancing at the time and then meeting Rosa's gaze. "Was it Joe who hit your face, or was it Mr. Ziegler?" "You-!" Rosa's face twisted with anger. The memory of what had happened just an hour earlier came rushing back.
She had gone to see Joe based on a tip. He was only accompanied by Paul at that time.
So, she cried to Joe about her
longing for him and the tender memories of their three years together. She had even tried to hug him, hoping to make him realize her importance in his life. 
But to her shock, Joe had pushed her away.
Then, Paul slapped her, telling her she wasn't worthy of Ned's genuine affection and calling her a heartless, opportunistic schemer. He even ordered her to leave.
All the while, Joe just watched coldly, completely indifferent to her distress.
She had been slapped, yet Joe didn't even flinch.
She was devastated and convinced it was all Skylar's fault-that Skylar had bewitched Joe, making him forget the three years they had shared.
"Where you met him doesn't matter, and neither does what happened between you two over three years. What does matter is it's time you understood something.
"I may seem nice, but my temper is not. I don't want to make things ugly, but it seems like I need to take action now," Skylar said icily.
After she was done, she pulled out her phone and played a video of Rosa and Stephen together.
Rosa's face filled with disbelief. "This... This... Where did you get this? Someone must be framing me! These videos aren't real-they're fake!"
"Oh, really? I have more than one video and a whole collection of photos.
"You and Stephen are living together as a couple now, right? And isn't Stephen the one managing your company? It's been losing money lately, hasn't
it?
"Instead of wasting time on things
like this, perhaps you should use your brain and figure out why your company is operating at such a loss, Skylar continued coldly 
UMS
Rosa's face turned pale. "How do you know so much? Are you spying on me? Otherwise, how could you have so many videos and photos of me and Stephen? And how do you knew I started a company? 
"Skylar, you're so devious! Does Joe even know how two-faced and manipulative you are? No, I must tell Joe and expose your true colors!"
###chapter1481
 
Skylar was speechless at Rosa's words. So, she just said, "Just be careful."
How clueless could she be? Stephen was deceiving her, and she was about to lose everything. But Rosa still focused on irrelevant nonsense.
Even after all she had been through, she still couldn't see the reality of her situation.
This coffee talk was just a waste of time.
Rosa was getting anxious and pale, but she still looked at Skylar with persistence.
"What do you mean by that? You seem to know Stephen. Don't tell me you're jealous that a capable and handsome university student likes me! "In my opinion, his abilities probably rival Joe's. You must be jealous of me. No, you are definitely jealous of me!"
Everyone else might deceive her, but not Stephen-Rosa was sure of that.
She had faced so much over the past few months. Her friends had abandoned her. The only one who stayed by her side during her time in Jipsburg was Stephen. He had helped her through one hardship after another.
He gave her a reason to remain in the city and hope for a better future. She had poured her heart, soul, and nearly all her money into the company they ran together.
The more she thought about it, the more she felt Stephen's boundless love. He only had her in his eyes and no one else.
How could someone like him deceive her? Skylar must be trying to stir up trouble!
However, the voice Skylar used to reply to her was calm, almost dismissive. "Think whatever you want."
"You're so malicious! You've already taken Joe from me, and now you want me to end up all alone too? What do you even gain from destroying my relationship with Stephen?
"Oh, wait, I know... You're jealous of the three years I lived with Joe. You want to see me miserable, without anyone who cares about me. That would make you happy, wouldn't it?
"You pretend to be so calm and indifferent, but deep down, you're the most conniving person of all! Skylar, I see through you now. One day, Joe will also see your true colors!"
Rosa's eyes widened as she accused Skylar, as if she had truly uncovered Skylar's supposed malicious intent.
Yes, that had to be it-Skylar was out for revenge!
However, Skylar was not interested in furthering the conversation. She just walked out of the café without saying another word.
This time, Rosa didn't stop her.
She stared at Skylar's retreating figure, her face growing paler by the second. A sense of insecurity crept into her heart.
It couldn't be true. Stephen couldn't possibly be deceiving her.
She couldn't let Skylar's words shake her. If she doubted Stephen because of what Skylar said, wouldn't that be exactly what Skylar wanted? No, she wouldn't let Skylar get what she wanted.
Besides, one day, Joe would remember her kindness and the time they spent together during those three years.
Right now, he was just under Skylar's spell. Men were like that, easily distracted by something new and fresh.
Rosa decided to wait.
When Skylar got back to her car, she hadn't even started the engine before Joe called her.
"Still working?"
"I just got off work. Rosa came to see me, so we talked for a bit," Skylar replied.
Joe was silent for a few seconds before he asked, "What did she say?"
"It doesn't tmatter. I just reminded her not to let Stephen deceive her but she didn't believe me. She went to see you today, didn't she? I'm guessing she wanted to borrow money, right?" Skylar asked 
None of what Rosa had said had any effect on her. Skylar would never doubt Joe. Their trust was far too
solid to be shaken by someone else's words. 
Suddenly, she realized why Rosa trusted Stephen so much-it was probably the same as her own conviction.
Rosa believed in Stephen just as she had unwavering faith in Joe.
Joe confirmed with a hum. "She did ask to borrow money."
?
"There you have it. Stephen must have taken all her money. Now that she's nearly broke, she's turned to you, Skylar said, easily deducing the situation. 
###chapter1482
 
"When will you be home?" Joe clearly wanted to drop the subject of Rosa.
So, Skylar didn't press further either. "About half an hour. Are you home?"
"Yes, just got in. I'll wait for you."
"Okay."
Joe stepped out onto the balcony, opened the window, and lit a cigarette. Then, he called Paul.
"Get to the bottom of everything regarding Rosa. Find a chance to meet her and warn her to stay away from Skylar. If I catch her talking nonsense to Skylar again, I won't let it slide."
"Understood," Paul replied with a shiver.
Why couldn't Rosa see the situation? Anyone smart would have taken the compensation and disappeared to live a carefree life. Yet here she was, foolishly walking straight into trouble.
Did Rosa think everyone was blind to her scheming from three years ago? Frankly, those two slaps he gave her earlier weren't nearly enough.
Meanwhile, Stephen was frantic when he couldn't contact the man who sold him the charm.
To make matters worse, he discovered that Simona had blocked him again. It seemed she was dead set on breaking up with him!
At that moment, the casino called to demand repayment of his debts.
He had gambled again that night, losing the 100,000 dollars he had swindled from Rosa. Not willing to accept defeat, he borrowed a high-interest loan from the casino.
Now the calls demanding
l.ne
repayment were relentless. 
He borrowed 500,000 dollars, which ballooned to 600,000 dollars in no time. He was terrified of these people.
Stephen had tried calling Rosa several times earlier, but she didn't answer.
When she finally picked up, she started ranting about how Skylar and Joe were a shameless couple.
But when he asked to borrow a million dollars, Rosa claimed she had no money left.
Now, he was running out of options.
After racking his brain, he decided he had no choice but to approach Simona. She was wealthy, so one million would be nothing more than half a month's pocket money to her.
So, Stephen rushed to her university and waited outside her dormitory. At this point, he no longer cared about his pride.
"Simona, I can't lose you! I realized you're the love of my life! Losing you is like losing my very soul," he declared passionately, drawing the attention of many students.
The crowd started to gossip.
Just then, Simona suddenly appeared behind Stephen.
"When did you become so
net
shameless? Do you think everyone is an idiot? Stop embarrassing yourself here. We broke up ages ago. If you keep causing trouble, I'll have campus security deal with you." 
UMS
"How can you be so heartless? We loved each other, didn't we? You mean the world to me. Isn't this too cruel?" Stephen raised his voice deliberately, ensuring everyone around could hear. Content belongs
"Simona, I never agreed to break up with you."
He wanted everyone to witness the scene and forced Simona into a vulnerable position where she had no choice but to give in.
###chapter1483
 
Since he was already here, Stephen decided to make Simona understand that she could only be his girlfriend.
His words caused the crowd to start whispering again.
Someone who couldn't stand Stephen pointed at him and scolded, "Who do you think you are? We know your history! Do you think we've forgotten what you did recently?
"You've been playing with girls' feelings since middle school. Simona was smart to see through you and break up with you-she made the right choice!"
"Exactly! Do you think breaking up is like a divorce and needs your consent? Your opinion isn't worth a dime!"
"You're just shamelessly bullying a girl!"
"Clearly, he doesn't want to let go because Simona comes from a good family. But look at him—what can he even bring to the table?"
"I read online that his family has a terrible reputation back in their village. No one wants to associate with them."
"But Stephen seems to really care about Simona. Everyone makes mistakes. Her breaking up now feels like abandoning him in his time of need." "That's bullshit! If you like someone like Stephen, go after him yourself! Don't let my goddess end up with this trash."
The crowd started arguing as they started taking sides.
Stephen's expression soured when he heard people insulting him. He cursed each and every one of them in his heart, convinced that they were just jealous of his excellence.
Did they think he didn't know that they secretly liked Simona? It was just that they were too unattractive and incapable of pursuing her. So, all they could do was fantasize.
Simona didn't care about what anyone else was saying.
Ever since she'd started carrying the talisman Skylar gave her, she saw right through Stephen's manipulative behavior.
He claimed to like her, but everything he did was disgusting. She realized how blind she had been to date someone so vile.
"I must've been blind to have liked you before. But my eyes are fine now. Sorry, I don't just like any random trash," Simona said with a mocking smile.
Stephen flushed red. "What about
what you said when we first got together? You promised we'd face all hardships together. Now that I'm going through a tough time, you're breaking up with me? Isn't that too pragmatic?" 
"You're right. Lam pragmatic. After we got together, how much of my money did you spend? Everywhere we went, was the one paying. So, yes, I'm a real pragmatic," Simona retorted, showing no intention of sparing Stephen's dignity. 
Harvey, who had just finished a gaming session and went out fora walk, saw the scene from a distance. He recognized Simona and remembered Skylar treating her like a younger sibling. 
Curious, he stopped to watch and even recorded the scene. He was ready to step in if she needed help.
But after listening for a while, he realized that Simona had already figured out Stephen's true colors. There was no need for him to intervene, though he stayed nearby just in case.
Stephen shamelessly persisted. "I spent money on you too! My family is poor, and I couldn't meet your high standards, but that doesn't mean you should look down on me.
"Simona, I didn't expect you to be so materialistic. I'm just a poor student now, but I'll work hard after graduation, make money, and do my best to treat you well."
Some young women who had always envied Simona began siding with Stephen.
"Simona has always been so arrogant, acting like she's better than us ordinary people." "Yeah, she barely talks to any of us."
###chapter1484
 
"No one can choose the family they're born into. If we could, we'd all choose wealthy families."
"Simona has no idea what life is like for ordinary people. No matter how much we explain, she just won't get it."
The ones making these bitter comments were mostly women.
Simona glanced at them-faces she barely recognized. It was remarkable how strangers could harbor so much baseless malice toward one another.
Meanwhile, Stephen was secretly pleased. Simona was still too na?ve compared to him. Over the years, no one he had set his sights on had ever escaped his control.
Harvey was on the phone with Skylar, explaining the situation to her.
Hearing the comments, he frowned and said to Skylar, "Skye, I can't just stand by and do nothing. I'm going to help her out."
"Go ahead. Stephen won't be laughing for long anyway," Skylar replied.
"Alright."
Harvey hung up, put his phone away, and walked over.
Although he didn't interact much with others on campus, the classmates and roommates he was close to respected him greatly. He had spent most of his time focusing on academics and competitions.
Meanwhile, Simona said calmly, "Since you think Stephen is so great and you can be a good match, I wish you all the best."
"Simona, my heart belongs to you alone!" Stephen practically shouted.
Simona was utterly speechless. "Well, my heart doesn't belong to you. Stop bothering me."
"Simona, you've really changed! My love for you is pure, but you've treated me so heartlessly," Stephen lamented, his face turning red with emotion as if he'd been utterly shattered. 
Suddenly, a cold voice interrupted. "A grown man whining and harassing a woman-how pitiful."
Everyone turned to see Harvey. The moment they recognized him, some young women squealed, "It's Harvster!"
"Oh my God, it's Harvster!"
"No way, Harvster actually showed up?"
"Not just that. He's standing up for Simona! How gentlemanly!"
"I was just about to say, Stephen is so disgusting, making things so hard for someone. And those women earlier who do they think they are? "Do they really expect Simona to go out of her way to talk to them? The nerve! That's just their bruised egos talking!"
"Exactly. I know Simona. She's never flaunted her family background or looked down on anyone. She treats everyone as equals. People need to stop imagining drama where there isn't any!" 
Simona looked at Harvey gratefully. She knew he was stepping in on behalf of Skylar. Having someone stand up for her at this moment meant everything.
Stephen, on the other hand, recognized Harvey immediately.
Among their peers, Harvey was a legendary figure, admired by many. Stephen had once hoped to associate with him but never had the chance Harvey wasn't one to mingle much.
Yet here Harvey was, standing against him, defending Simona.
net
"You... You're attacking me without knowing the whole story. Are you... Are you and Simona seeing each other behind my back? Is she cheating on me?" Stephen blurted out in desperation as he tried to
sling mud, hoping to shift the blame. 
###chapter1485
 
Simona was furious. "Just because you're filthy, don't assume everyone else is the same! Stephen, I've already been lenient with you today. If you keep pestering me, you'll regret it!"
Harvey was unfazed by Stephen's accusations and calmly said, "I've recorded everything. Prepare to receive a letter from my lawyer in the next couple of days."
Stephen hadn't expected Harvey to record their exchange. "I was just speculating! You can't sue me!"
"Wow, Stephen, you're such a coward! Pathetic!"
"He throws dirt on others, but the moment someone fights back, suddenly it's their fault? Classic manipulator."
"Exactly! Picking on a young woman one moment and trying to smear Harvster the next. Harvester is not someone you can mess with!"
"Simona, good on you for dumping this piece of trash. Best decision ever!"
"Agreed!"
"Even Harvster couldn't stand it anymore. Stephen is just a huge piece of trash!"
Stephen's face turned pale as the comments kept piling on.
Suddenly, someone shouted, "Whoa! Stephen looks like a goody-two-shoes, but he's scammed countless girls-and even gambles! Look, it's all over the inte now!"
"You can't judge a book by its cover!"
"No way, it's true. He seems to have lost a lot of money. Look at his sweaty, panicked face in the casino pictures.
"Now he's probably clinging to Simona, hoping she'll pay off his gambling debts! His intentions are so obvious!"
"Yeah, I see it. That's a classic gambler."
"Anyone involved with a gambler is doomed!"
"Hey, weren't you ladies just defending Stephen? Go on, help him out! He's so weak and needs your protection."
The young women who had previously spoken up for Stephen turned red with embarrassment, unable to respond. They quietly slipped away soon after.
Stephen never expected his time at the casino to be photographed and spread everywhere. He shot a resentful glance at Simona, clenched his teeth, and fled the scene.
The farce ended with Stephen running away in disgrace.
Harvey also prepared to leave.
But Simona quickly stopped him. "Thank you so much for what you did just now."
"No need to thank me-it was nothing," Harvey replied before walking away.
Turning to face the crowd, Simona maintained a polite smile. "Stephen and I
ve broken up. From now). ?
on,
ve nothing to do with each '
"That's how it should be!"
"We support you!"
...
A few minutes later, Stephen hid in a deserted spot and fumbled for his phone, feeling utterly humiliated.
When he finally saw the casino photos online, his vision blurred and nearly fainted.
How could someone have taken photos of him in the casino? He was just an ordinary person.
Furthermore, wasn't the casino an underground one? Visitors were supposed to be highly discreet, and the casino was known for respecting privacy. How could those photos exist? 
Clearly, someone was targeting him.
All the other people in the photos had their faces blurred, but
Stephen's face was perfectly
clear even the pimples on bel
were visible. 
At that moment, someone called out to him. "Stephen?"
So, he instinctively looked up.
The person sneered, "You're Stephen, right?"
face
Before Stephen could react, he felt something sprayed onto his face. Then, everything went black.
Meanwhile, Rosa had been calling Stephen nonstop for half an hour-dozens of calls-all of which went unanswered.
###chapter1486
 
This had never happened before, and Rosa was getting extremely worried. Stephen had never lost contact before.
"Stephen, what on earth is going on?"
Just then, her phone rang. She was about to answer when she saw it was the company's finance department calling, making her furrowed her brow immediately.
Why would the finance department call for no reason? Were they going to tell her that the company was out of money again?
She already knew the company was struggling financially and had been trying her best to solve the issue.
But she was unfamiliar with the place and people in Jipsburg. The only person she could trust, Stephen, was now unreachable.
Afraid it might be something urgent, she answered the call.
"What is it?" Rosa asked impatiently.
"Ms. Reese, have you checked the trending news?" the finance director asked.
"Trending news? I don't have time for that. If you have something to say, just say it," Rosa snapped, frowning.
Most of the company employees had been hired by Stephen, and this finance director seemed incompetent.
It was after work hours, but they wanted to chat about the trending topics with her?
Rosa had no interest in random gossip or celebrities, especially local ones. She only cared about those from Murida. Was the finance officer trying to curry favor?
So unprofessional!
On the other end, the finance director rolled his eyes. Rosa might be the boss on paper, but in reality, she was just a na?ve fool completely duped by Stephen. Worse, she had an air of superiority, thinking she was above everyone else.
He wouldn't have bothered to make the call if it weren't for the concern about not getting paid.
"Ms. Reese, this is about Stephen. His news is all over the company. If you don't know yet, you should check it out online," the director held back his frustration and explained.
"Stephen? Trending news? How could he be on trending news?" Rosa frowned.
Despite her skepticism, the finance director had already hung up on her. Rosa had no choice but to check it herself.
When she saw Stephen's name trending at the top of the local searches, her eyes widened.
Then, she clicked on the news article and saw several photos of Stephen, drenched in sweat and looking panicked, apparently gambling and losing at a casino.
Every detail was crystal clear, capturing his distressed state perfectly.
"How can this be? Stephen is such a simple, pure college student. He's even managing my company for me! How could he have such bad habits? How could he possibly be gambling? These photos must be fake-they can't be real!" 
The more Rosa spoke, the more her voice trembled. She tried calling his number again and again. But just like before, no matter how many
times she called, Stephen wouldn't
pick up. 
Suddenly, she remembered what Skylar had said to her-Stephen was deceiving her.
No, no, that's impossible.
"Stephen loves me and has
sacrificed so much for me. How
could he deceive me? This must be
that Simona stirring up trouble and
finding someone to fake these
realistic-looking photos to frame
Stephen! That must be it." 
Though she kept saying this aloud, her face was filled with panic. Her hands trembled uncontrollably as she clutched her phone. It nearly slipped from her grasp.
"No, it can't be true. Skylar is lying to me! She just can't stand to see me happy!"
Meanwhile, Skylar had just finished her shower and was lying on her bed, talking on the phone with Harvey.
"Skye, that Stephen is nothing but a scumbag," Harvey said bluntly.
###chapter1487
 
In the past two or three years, Skylar rarely heard Harvey criticize someone so harshly.
"There's no need to get so worked up over someone like that."
"I'm not angry, just disgusted. The whole university is gossiping about him now, and seeing it just makes me feel sick."
Harvey was like a child in front of Skylar. He was completely different from the image that others had of him.
Of course, part of Harvey's disdain for Stephen stemmed from how much Stephen resembled Christopher in certain ways. Christopher was someone who would use any unscrupulous means to achieve his goals.
Thinking about how Skylar had been deceived and mistreated by Christopher before, Harvey couldn't help but harbor intense hatred for such similar personalities.
Seeing this childish side of Harvey, Skylar couldn't help but laugh. "You don't have competitions tonight, right? Go to bed early."
"Mm, I'll sleep soon. Skye, why don't I see Joe? It's so late, and he's still not home?" Harvey carefully scanned the room but didn't see Joe.
He still felt a little unease about Joe.
Skylar was about to respond when Joe suddenly took the phone from her hand.
"You have something to say to me?" Joe asked Harvey directly.
Harvey hadn't expected Joe to suddenly grab the phone and ask him that question so boldly. Wasn't he supposed to have amnesia? Even if he had recovered some of his memories recently, this was a bit...
He was momentarily speechless.
"Oh, nothing much. Just wanted to say goodnight to you," Harvey quickly recovered and replied.
Joe nodded. "Alright, goodnight. Listen to your sister and rest early."
Lying on the bed, Skylar couldn't help but smile at how Joe took on his role as a brother-in-law so naturally to instruct Harvey. Didn't Joe realize how intimidating his presence could be at times?
Even if Harvey had something to say, it was probably scared out of him by Joe's sudden attention.
Indeed, Harvey was thrown off by Joe's unexpected questioning and concern. He was an intimidating and highly capable brother-in-law. Harvey was still getting used to this dynamic.
However, it didn't matter if he felt a little uncomfortable as long as Joe treated Skylar well.
After ending the video call, Joe turned to Skylar with a slightly puzzled look. "I'm his brother-in-law. Why is he afraid of me?"
Joe genuinely admired Harvey-a mature, self-reliant young man who didn't rely on his family for university and showed deep respect for Skylar as his sister. He was a good kid. 
UMS
Joe wondered if he was really that intimidating.
Holding back a laugh, Skylar replied, "He's definitely a little afraid of you."
Joe frowned and said, "I think I've been polite to him."
Skylar thought for a moment. "You have been."
"Harvey is excellent in many ways, but his courage needs some work. Let's invite him over one day. I'll have a chat with him," Joe said.
Skylar's family was important, so Joe wanted to maintain a good relationship with them.
"Alright, I'll arrange it. Mom and
Steven have also mentioned
wanting to meet you. Let's have a family dinner when you're free,"
to experience the warmth of fant
Skylar suggested. She wanted Joe
life. 
UMS
Now that their relationship was public, there was no need to hold back anymore.
Joe nodded in agreement. "Sure."
...
Meanwhile, Harvey went to take a shower after the video call. After that, he prepared for bed.
Most of his roommates were already asleep. So, Harvey climbed into bed, getting ready to turn in for the night as well.
Just then, his phone screen lit up—a friend request on Instagram.
Harvey didn't add people he didn't know, so he glanced at the message.
"Harvey, I'm your father. I need to talk to you about something important."
Harvey stared at the message, his lips twitching. Father?
Some people were too audacious to impersonatejust about anyone these days. It was obviously one of his gaming opponents, probably one he had defeated, who somehow found his Instagram. They probably wanted to hurl insults at him. 
###chapter1488
 
Did that man think Harvey was free? This kind of nonsense didn't even deserve a response.
Harvey ignored it completely, set his phone to airplane mode, and placed it aside. Then, he was fast asleep within seconds.
In the quiet of the night, a figure lay sprawled in a dark alley.
This person had been thrown out of a van by some men just minutes earlier.
A passerby noticed the figure on the ground and approached out of concern, but as they got closer, a strong, pungent smell of alcohol hit them. It was overwhelming.
Clearly, this was just a drunkard who had passed out.
It was late, but instead of going home, this person had chosen to sleep right there on the street.
Dealing with someone like this was more trouble than it was worth-who knew what kind of mess it might lead to?
So, no one bothered to intervene. Besides, it was the middle of the night, and there were hardly any people around. And so, the drunkard spent the entire night lying on the ground.
The next morning, as the alley became livelier, some mischievous children ran over and playfully kicked the person a few times. A nearby parent quickly stopped them. Soon, someone began calling out to the unconscious man. At last, the figure stirred. When he opened his eyes, his gaze was unfocused and confused.
As he realized it was daytime, and the people around him were concerned strangers instead of the menacing figures from last night, he felt a wave of relief. He was safe!
"Call the police! Help me call the police! Someone kidnapped me last night! They tortured me so badly! I need to report this!" Stephen shouted, his face pale with terror.
The surrounding people exchanged glances, unsure of what to make of this.
One person couldn't help but mutter, "How much did you drink last night? Are you having hallucinations? You were lying here the whole time, reeking of booze." 
"I didn't drink!" Stephen protested. But no one believed him.
The small crowd soon dispersed. There was no point arguing with a drunkard.
Stephen struggled to his feet, barely able to stand upright. He looked around the alley, fear filling his face.
The events of the previous night replayed vividly in his mind-being drugged and kidnapped, locked in what seemed like an abandoned factory, and threatened by several men. 
They had rattled off every detail of his family situation-how much money he had swindled over the years, and even specifics about his parents and sister.
They knew everything.
He was also warned that if he dared to harass Simona again, they would ensure he couldn't walk again.
The memory of the pain from their kicks was still fresh. Were those people connected to Simona? Did she do this?
However, before he could leave the alley, a group of men blocked his path.
"Hey! You owe me five million dollars! How dare you hide from me?"
Stephen froze, his eyes widening in disbelief. He stammered, "I didn't borrow that much!"
"Take a good look at the contract you signed! Is this five million or not?" One of the men unfolded a piece of paper and shoved it in his face.
The moment Stephen saw it, a chill ran down his spine, and cold sweat drenched his back.
He would be a complete fool if he couldn't see the truth now.
###chapter1489
 
Stephen knew that this was a trap set specifically for him, leading him step by step into it.
Simona was pure and innocent. After knowing her for so long, he considered himself very familiar with her. It was only because of his lies and deceit that she was hurt and broke up with him.
So, someone must be helping Simona to ruin him?
Although the women he had deceived before were all pretty well-to-do, they were nothing compared to Simona.
Suddenly, he thought of Simona's friends and the social circles she belonged to. Those were ones he had never truly entered or understood.
Then, it dawned on him-someone once mentioned that Simona's elder brother was no ordinary person, a highly capable individual.
He was among those who should never be provoked in Jipsburg.
Stephen instantly realized what had happened. It must be Simona's brother!
"Are you guys sent by Simona's brother? Is it him? It has to be him!"
Stephen connected the dots as he thought back to how his past deeds were recently dug up and exposed online, causing his downfall.
The money he had swindled from Rosa could have ensured a life of luxury, but he had been lured into gambling.
He had fallen into someone else's carefully laid trap step by step. He had never even met Simona's brother, yet he had already been outwitted!
Suddenly, he became acutely aware that the forces behind this were not something he could challenge. This was the kind of power that could destroy him without leaving a trace.
The debt collectors paid no attention to Stephen's ramblings. One of them slapped his face with the loan agreement bearing his signature.
"Can't pay your debts? I can make sure you rot in prison. Don't forget what you did while you were being beaten last night." Stephen's eyes widened in terror.
Scenes he didn't dare to recall earlier now flooded his mind.
The men last night accused him of drug trafficking, saying they found drugs in his home and even on him. But, of course, they were framing him. However, he had taken some of the drugs! 
Cold sweat drenched Stephen's whole body.
"I could take you to the police right now. Then, you can explain how much money you owe us and confess all the crimes you've done.
"Aren't you the only university in your village? How about I give you a new title the first convict in your village?" the debt collector sneered. Hearing this, more sweat broke out, causing beads to roll down his face.
"I was wrong! I was wrong! I won't call the police! I promise I'll never bother Simona again! Please spare me! I swear, starting today, I won't go near her!"
He wouldn't have pursued Simona further if he had known she was not someone he could easily manipulate.
No one would believe anything Stephen said anymore at this point.
Stephen was utterly desperate. "No, I'll pay! I'll pay the money! Just give me a few days, and I'll definitely pay you back!"
"A few days? By then, it won't just be five million," the debt collector scoffed.
Stephen nearly fainted in despair. "Today! I'll get the money today! I promise!" "Fine. You have one day."
Rosa couldn't sleep a wink the whole night.
###chapter1490
 
Rosa spent the entire night scrolling through her phone and making calls, but she still couldn't reach Stephen.
A sense of unease gradually crept in.
When she tried to contact the company's finance director, his phone was turned off.
It was then that she realized she didn't have contact information for anyone else in the company. She had never considered adding employees on social media or keeping their phone numbers.
She realized how little she knew about her own company. She had blindly trusted everything Stephen told her.
At this moment, Rosa began to understand that what Skylar had said might actually be true that Stephen had been deceiving her.
Her money-practically all her money-was tied up in the company. If Stephen was a fraud, then her money and the company...
Rosa didn't dare to think further. The thought of such consequences sent waves of panic through her.
Still unwilling to give up, she kept calling Stephen.
Just then, there was a knock at the door. Rosa was nervous as she glanced toward the door.
As she approached to check who it was, the person outside began shouting loudly.
"Rosa! It's me. Open the door!"
A glimmer of hope returned to Rosa's eyes after hearing Stephen's voice. She hurriedly ran to open the door.
When she opened the door, she saw a battered and bruised Stephen. His exposed skin-his face, neck, and arms-was covered in bruises. He was clearly beaten up.
There was even an unpleasant and sharp odor emanating from him.
Rosa gasped in shock. "You... What happened to you?"
Stephen didn't bother to explain. "Let me in. I need to take a shower, and then I'll tell you something important."
Since Stephen had been staying
here, he was familiar with the place. He went straight in to take a shower. After that, he changed into fresh clothes and came to sit in front of Rosa. 
Rosa was filled with questions. The moment Stephen sat down, she fixed her gaze on him and asked, "I saw the news online. You went gambling? "Stephen, since the company started, it has been losing money and never turned a profit. Where exactly has my money gone?"
If Stephen hadn't shown up so suddenly, she had planned to go to the company herself and dig into the situation.
Stephen didn't expect Rosa to have seen the news. His eyes flickered, but he had already prepared an excuse on the way back.
"A friend brought me to the casino. It was my first time there, and I didn't expect someone to photograph me.
"That friend has always been jealous
of me. He lost a lot of money that day, and I was just worried for him. I didn't lose much myself, but it was a wake-up call to never go to such places again. 
"Rosa, you know what kind of person I am, don't you?"
He played the victim perfectly, displaying just the right amount of sincerity and grievance.
Rosa was momentarily stunned but then frowned. Her doubts diminished significantly.
"That's what happened? Your friend is terrible! He's trying to hurt you. But it's understandable. You've always been excellent. It'll make people around you jealous."
"Let's go to the police! How could he behave so outrageously!" Rosa said angrily.
###chapter1491
 
"Reporting it to the police won't help. Why would the police believe me?" Stephen sighed heavily.
Rosa thought about it and found it logical. After all, Stephen was the one photographed.
"Forget it. Treat this as a lesson-don't trust people so easily in the future."
Stephen obediently nodded. "I'll listen to you."
Hearing that, Rosa's expression softened. The tension she had for the whole night finally eased. "Don't go out for the time being. Just stick to going between home and the company.
"Otherwise, nosy people might see you and take more pictures. It'll only cause even more trouble for you."
"Mm! That's exactly what I was thinking." Stephen nodded vigorously, putting on an even more compliant appearance.
Then he sighed. "I'm sorry for bringing you so much trouble. With all the negative news surrounding me, everyone has distanced themselves, but you're the only one who's stayed by my side."
"When I first came to Jipsburg, I was all alone. The person I wanted to rely on treated me like an enemy, but you were the one who stood by me and helped me through the tough times.
"Stephen, we'll get through this challenge together, just like before." Rosa felt deeply moved as she finished speaking, almost bringing herself to tears.
"Rosa, I love you." Stephen pulled Rosa into a tight embrace.
The two shared a passionate kiss.
When they finally separated and caught their breath, Stephen held her close and said, "Do you have five million dollars? I'm negotiating a project right now, and I can secure it with just five million.
"Once we do, the company's profits will double every month. This is a rare opportunity, and I don't want to miss it.
"After investing so much into the company, we finally have a chance to turn a profit, so we must seize it."
"What? Five million? That much?" Rosa was taken aback.
A few months ago, she wouldn't have hesitated to take out five million, nor would she have considered it a large sum. But now...
Seeing Rosa's hesitation, Stephen
continued to persuade her. "I know we've used nearly all your savings to start the company, but this is a
critical moment. You know
much effort I've put into thou
Λ'
company, and you've worked so hard, too. 
"We're enduring the challenges of entrepreneurship, and the most important part of that is seizing every opportunity. If we miss this one, the company's future might not look so promising." Content belongs
"Not promising? How could that be? You said not long ago that our company has huge potential, and many companies want to partner with us," Rosa asked in surprise.
"That was then, but this is now. The market conditions have changed Before this, we could choose which companies to work with. But now, it's the other way around. We have no say in the matter. 
"Who could've predicted things would change so quickly?" Stephen said with a tone of helplessness.
Seeing this, Rosa's face turned pale. "But I don't have any money left. I've already poured everything into the company."
How could this be happening? Was her luck really this bad?
When she started the company, she was full of hope, believing everything would go as smoothly as she imagined. But now, it was as if reality had slapped her in the face.
"No money left? You don't have anything left in your bank account? We can't hold back at this point.
"I promise you, the company will be listed in the future, and becoming a top company in the country won't be just a dream," Stephen spoke with grandiosity, not even blinking.
Anyone who heard this would've thought Stephen was making outrageous boasts. But Rosa believed him completely. She knew she had no other options.
"I only have 500,000 dollars left." That was her last fallback.
Hearing the figure, Stephen's eyes darkened. Was this woman really that poor? What could half a million dollars possibly do?
Suddenly, his gaze shifted to the apartment. "Let's sell the apartment. This property is in a prime location, and there are plenty of people interested in this neighborhood.
"If we sell it for just a bit less than the market price, we could find a buyer today."
"What? Sell the apartment?" Rosa's face changed.
To her, this apartment was already her home-her home in Jipsburg.
###chapter1492
 
It was also her home with Stephen. If they sold it, she wouldn't have a home anymore, and Rosa didn't want to move into a rental.
"Yes, this is the only solution now. Sell the apartment to make up the five million! Don't worry. Once the company starts making profits, we'll buy it back," Stephen said anxiously, worried Rosa might refuse.
He was truly desperate now-he had to come up with five million. What happened to Rosa after that wasn't his concern. He just couldn't afford to let those people destroy him.
Rosa bit her lip and shook her head. "No, let me think about it."
"We don't have time to hesitate. They're waiting for our response, but they'll only hold off until tonight," Stephen pressed.
Rosa got up and walked toward the bathroom. "Give me a moment to calm down."
As soon as Rosa stepped into the bathroom, a dark expression crossed Stephen's face.
If he had known Rosa was this poor, he would have devoted himself to Simona instead. If he had connected with her family, he might have climbed into a higher social circle.
Rosa emerged from the bathroom ten minutes later.
She looked at Stephen with an expression full of love and trust, then made a decision she would regret for the rest of her life.
"Alright, let's sell the apartment. Like you said, we're working hard to build a business, and we'll face all sorts of challenges. I can't hold us back, and I believe our company will only get better in the future."
Hearing this, Stephen let out a sigh of relief. It was a success!
The next day, Skylar had arranged to meet Joe near Gardner Group for lunch.
Joe happened to be working in the
area
е
ching, so they had the
chance to eat together at noon. They agreed to have stew that day. 
UMS
Joe's preferences had shifted slightly lately. Although he didn't usually enjoy spicy food, he could now handle mildly spicy stew.
Skylar arrived at the restaurant first and ordered ahead of time. She knew Joe's preferences well and chose items they both liked. Just as she finished ordering, her phone rang.
"Skylar, it's me-Rosa! I didn't know who else to call. You're the only person could think of. I know you're acquainted with Stephen, so you must know where he is, right?" 
UMS
It was Rosa on the other end of the line, and her voice sounded frantic.
Just as Skylar was about to respond, the door to the private booth opened and Joe walked in.
She smiled at Joe and then replied to Rosa, "I've only heard some things about Stephen. I don't know him personally."
###chapter1493
 
"No, I know you must know where he is. Please, tell me, will you?" Rosa's voice grew increasingly desperate as she sobbed.
Skylar raised an eyebrow, noticing Rosa's unusual behavior. Did Rosa finally realize Stephen's true nature but couldn't find him and came to her out of desperation?
Skylar's expression darkened slightly when she thought about this possibility. She silently mouthed "Rosa" to Joe, who was glancing her way. Joe's eyes turned cold at once.
Rosa burst into tears, sobbing loudly. "Skylar, I know there's been a lot of friction and conflicts between us. I admit that I targeted you in the past and lied to Joe.
"But no matter what, I used up all my money to save Joe when he had his car accident. If I hadn't done that, he could have died in the hospital. So, I'm his benefactor.
"Please, I really need to find Stephen. He deceived me!"
Seeing no reaction from Joe, Skylar replied calmly, "I really don't know much about Stephen, nor do I know him personally.
"If he has indeed deceived you, then he's likely gone into hiding and won't be easy to find. If I were you, I'd go to the police immediately."
Judging by Rosa's tone, it seemed she had been thoroughly deceived by Stephen.
Rosa suddenly broke into uncontrollable sobbing. "I trusted him so much! I used up almost all my money for him and even sold the apartment I just bought. I never thought he was deceiving me! Why? Why is fate so cruel? Why did I have to encounter a fraud like him?"
"Tell her to report to the police as soon as possible," Joe said in a low voice.
Skylar nodded. When Rosa's crying subsided slightly, she said, "You should file a police report immediately. The police will help you find him quickly." "You must be laughing at me, mocking how foolish I've been. You warned me, but I still let Stephen deceive me," Rosa said bitterly, mocking herself. Skylar was momentarily speechless. She could never understand Rosa's thought process.
But what was the point of telling her all this now? Could it recover her losses? Could it punish Stephen?
So, Skylar just said with a calm tone, "I have other matters to attend to. Goodbye."
After ending the call, she looked at Joe.
Joe took a sip of water and said, "Adults have to take responsibility for their actions and decisions."
Skylar agreed, and the two continued their meal.
Meanwhile, Rosa sat slumped in a hotel room.
The room was in complete disarray, with many things shattered and strewn about.
After selling her apartment yesterday, Stephen had taken the money and left. Since then, his phone had been switched off.
When Rosa went to the company today to investigate, she discovered that none of the businesses Stephen had told her about actually existed. 
UMS
The company's finances were managed entirely according to her instructions, with funds transferred directly to Stephen.
She had given Stephen such
significant authority because she trusted him completely. But now, after carefully reconsidering Stephen's words from yesterday, she realized they didn't hold up at all. 
swnovel
Stephen had used her! He was a total fraud!
It wasn't just her money-it was the money Joe had given her to ensure she would live comfortably for the rest of her life.
But, it was all gone now.
She only had a few tens of thousands of dollars left. That wouldn't be enough to sustain her for long.
"Yes, I have to report him to the police. He stole so much from me. I can't let him get away with it!"
###chapter1494
 
Stephen didn't just deceive Rosa out of her money; he had deceived her entire being.
An hour later, Rosa stumbled out of the police station, her face pale. The moment the sunlight hit her, she almost lost her balance.
The police had told her that locating Stephen would take time. Moreover, Stephen had a criminal record. Recently, multiple women had reported him for scamming them out of money and even manipulating them into sleeping with him.
Now, the police were gathering evidence and searching for him. Of course, through their investigation, they found that Stephen's account had very little money left, likely all gone. All the money had either been gambled away or spent on extravagant purchases.
Rosa was advised to prepare herself for the reality that even if they found Stephen, recovering her money might be impossible. Hearing that the money couldn't be retrieved, Rosa went blank.
If the money couldn't be recovered, she would be left with nothing, just like three years ago. She would have no choice but to leave Jipsburg. "Stephen! You're ruthless! I never did anything to hurt you. I trusted you, treated you well, and in the end, you tricked me like this?" she screamed, collapsing onto the ground in tears.
After sobbing for a while, she suddenly thought of Simona. She had to find Simona, hoping she could help her locate Stephen.
Rosa had suffered horribly at Stephen's hands, and Simona had probably been deceived just as badly. She would likely be trying to find him too. Rosa rushed to her car and drove straight to Jipsburg College.
After asking around, she finally found Simona. When Simona saw Rosa, she was slightly surprised. "You're looking for me?"
She didn't recognize her and had never met her before, though Simona did find Rosa somewhat familiar.
Rosa was taken aback by how composed Simona appeared. There wasn't even a hint of the hopelessness one would expect from someone who had been deceived. But before she could think too much, she grabbed Simona's arm.
"You're Stephen's girlfriend, aren't you?"
Simona furrowed her brow when she heard Stephen's name. "I broke up with him a long time ago."
Seeing the clear disgust on Simona's face when she mentioned Stephen, Rosa was momentarily stunned.
Then, Rosa recalled what Stephen
had said to her before-that Simona had been relentlessly chasing him She wondered if that all had been a lie. Perhaps the truth was that was Stephen who had been obsessed with Simona. 
net
Had it been before, Rosa wouldn't have thought this way. But now, after knowing what kind of person Stephen truly was, she realized that her guess was likely right. 
"Do you know where he is now?" Rosa asked urgently.
Simona shook her head. "I haven't had any contact with him since we broke up. Oh, wait a minute... You and Stephen have been together recently, haven't you?"
Some of the photos and videos from the scandal seemed to feature the person standing in front of her. Simona suddenly recognized Rosa.
No wonder this woman looked familiar-she was Rosa Reese, the woman who had manipulated and deceived Joe for three years.
But back then, Rosa had always
appeared glamorous and confident. The person before her now was a far cry from that image-disheveled and broken. If someone didn't take a close look, they might not have recognized her. 
Rosa's face paled further. "You don't even know where he is?"
"I really don't know, and I don't want to know. I don't want anything to do with him anymore," Simona replied, genuinely regretting ever being involved with him.
Rosa staggered a little, almost losing her balance. "He scammed me he took all my money! I have to find him."
Simona was stunned. "You... You should report it to the police."
At the suggestion of going to the police, Rosa's expression darkened even further.
###chapter1495
 
"Report to the police?" Rosa laughed bitterly to herself.
She had indeed reported to the police, but it was only then that she realized how foolish she had been. If she had listened to Skylar back then, she could have stopped things before they got out of hand.
But her arrogance and her refusal to believe Skylar's warnings had led her down this painful path.
Simona found herself at a loss for words, unsure of what to say to Rosa. Initially, she had no good feelings toward Rosa because of her background. But now that she knew Rosa had been deceived by Stephen, she couldn't help but feel sympathy for her.
After all, anyone who encountered a person like Stephen would likely end up with nothing, just like Rosa. Simona considered herself lucky to have people like Skylar, Aiken, and Caleb around her.
If they hadn't been there at the crucial moment, she might have ended up like Rosa. Thinking of this, Simona could only try to console her, "It's not too late to see through him now."
Hearing her words, Rosa gave a bitter laugh. "Not too late? Do you think it's not too late? No, it's too late. I had the chance to avoid being deceived by him this badly, but I was too foolish. And Stephen... he's just too ruthless."
Simona didn't try to persuade her further. She had experienced the heartbreak of being deceived by Stephen, but it still couldn't compare to what Rosa had endured. Sometimes, no matter how much she tried to comfort or advise, certain things could only be faced by Rosa herself.
"I have class now, I have to go."
Rosa watched helplessly as Simona left.
For some reason, she felt a deep envy toward Simona for recognizing Stephen's true nature so early on. She felt as though fate had conspired against her, making her cross paths with someone like Stephen.
If she hadn't met him, the money Joe had given her would have been enough to ensure a carefree life for the rest of her days. She would have lived in a way that many people would envy. 
As her thoughts spiraled, she found herself wandering out of the college, somehow ending up in front of the imposing Martin Group building.
When she snapped back to reality and saw the towering structure before her, her eyes welled up with tears. At that moment, she suddenly spotted Joe walking toward the building.
Without thinking, she rushed toward him.
"Joe!" Her shout caught Joe's attention.
back
Joe turned back and saw Rosa approaching. She ran toward him with a frantic desperation,
completely forgetting their tensen et
unpleasant encounters. All that was left now was the raw desperation driving her forward. 
But now, she saw him as her last hope. In this vast city, having been deceived and with no family to turn to, Joe had become her only anchor.
Just as she was about to reach him, she was blocked by Paul. But Rosa ignored him, her tear-filled eyes fixed on Joe, filled with desperation and helplessness.
She pleaded, "Ned, I was wrong. I should have stayed in Murida like you told me. It was my arrogance that brought me to Jipsburg, and my naivety that allowed myself to be fooled!
"Ned, I've been tricked and lost
everything! Ned, what am I
supposed to do now? Now he's
disappeared, and I have no way oret
I
getting my money back. What am I supposed to do? Ned, please tell me what to do!" Rosa sobbed uncontrollably. 
Her desperation was raw and unfiltered. After three years of being together, Joe's charisma gradually made her fall for him without even realizing it.
That was why she had come to Jipsburg, and in a moment of emotional vulnerability, Stephen had managed to deceive her so easily.
###chapter1496
 
"You're mistaken. Mr. Martin is not Ned," Paul said, his voice tinged with exasperation.
If Rosa had been deceived, she should have been looking for the person who had tricked her, not coming to Joe. After all the times she had persistently bothered him, Paul wondered if she still didn't understand the situation.
Her body trembled, a flush of embarrassment rising to her cheeks as she bit her lip in an attempt to explain herself. "I'm just used to calling him that. I know who he is. I just couldn't change it in the heat of the moment."
She had already been through so much, yet Paul seemed oblivious to her pain. His cold, detached correction only deepened her sense of desperation.
Of course, she knew she shouldn't call him "Ned". But if she didn't, Joe wouldn't remember the three years they had spent together.
"Mr. Martin is very busy. Please don't bother him unless it's important," Paul said sharply.
It wasn't that he lacked empathy-it was just that Rosa had repeatedly harassed Joe.
The more she came, the more she showed a complete lack of self-awareness. If she had been scammed, she should retreat somewhere private, cry it out, reflect on why she was deceived, and figure out how to avoid making the same mistake in the future. Coming here like this was pointless.
If it weren't for Rosa's ulterior motives three years ago, Joe could have returned home long before now. Even if he had lost his memory, all they would have needed to do was report it to the police.
Back then, Skylar and the others were in Murida and would have brought Joe back immediately, finding him quickly. If things had gone differently, the real Ned might not have met such a tragic end. Perhaps they could have saved him too.
It was because of Rosa's care for Joe during his time in the hospital that he had been so generous to her, giving her so much money. Money that wasn't even earned by herself, and yet she spent it so freely, keeping a boy toy who was nothing more than a gold digger.
She was so easily tricked by him, and now she was crying in front of Joe. Paul couldn't understand how she had the nerve to do this.
Joe glanced at Rosa for a moment before walking straight into the building. Rosa watched him walk away, his indifference breaking her heart.
"Doesn't it weigh on your
conscience? You're stopping me from talking to him, leaving me all alone and helpless, and watching me fall apart. What do you gain from this? You're just an assistant What right do you have to do this to me?" 
Rosa could tell that Paul wasn't a good person. He was just like Stephen.
He coldly stood by as she was humiliated and deceived. She couldn't believe how heartless he was.
Paul stood there, speechless after
being blamed like that. His lips twitched with irritation. "How does your helplessness and isolation concem me? Did I force you to dive with some boy toy? Or did I make you give money to him? 
"Adults should take responsibility for their choices You can't keep blaming others. No wonder you can't tell right from wrong. If you think Mr. Martin doesn't know that someone sent you to keep pursuing him, you're mistaken. Don't act like other people are as foolish as you."
After saying that, Paul quickly walked into the company building. Before entering, he exchanged a few words with the security guard, who then approached Rosa.
Rosa's face drained of color. It was as if she had been slapped repeatedly, each strike leaving her body stinging with pain.
She couldn't understand why no one was showing her any sympathy or care. She was the victim here, deceived by someone she trusted.
Joe had heard everything she said, yet he coldly ignored her, not saying a word. She was left confused and heartbroken. Everyone around her seemed to have grown cold and distant, as if she no longer mattered.
That afternoon, after finishing her work for the day, Skylar was about to leave Gardner Group when she received a call from Simona. "Skylar, I just sent you a video. You need to see this!" Simona said urgently.
###chapter1497
 
After Skylar agreed, she quickly ended the call. Then, she opened WhatsApp and checked the video Simona had sent her.
The video showed Stephen.
It seemed to have been taken just half an hour ago. Stephen was surrounded by several young women-some wearing sunglasses and others with masks. Together, they were kicking and punching him.
A message appeared on the screen, explaining the situation.
It turned out that Stephen had deceived these women, taking their money and emotionally manipulating them. As they grew wiser, their hatred for him deepened.
The screen even listed how much each woman had been scammed.
At the end of the video, a woman wearing a mask and sunglasses rushed forward and began hitting Stephen even harder. Only those familiar with Rosa could recognize her behind her disguise.
"Stephen, give me back the money you stole from me! You liar! I trusted you, and now you've left me with nothing!" Rosa screamed, her voice hoarse and desperate. She looked utterly heart-wrenching.
The screen also revealed that Rosa had been swindled out of more than 10 million dollars.
That amount was a fortune for many people.
Despite his tall build and the fact that he was a man, Stephen had no chance against the group of women. Within moments, he was bruised and battered.
He was powerless to defend himself. Women's fighting power was undeniably fierce.
Seeing Rosa in such a desperate and furious state left Skylar with mixed feelings. From what it looked like, Stephen had deceived Rosa terribly.
"Skylar, it seems like the police are on their way to arrest Stephen. He's finally going to pay for everything he's done, Simona said, her mood complicated. She hadn't expected Stephen to face retribution so quickly. 
But thinking about it, it wasn't surprising. He had deceived so many people over the years, constantly living on the edge. It was only a matter of time before this day arrived.
Skylar replied, "He has broken the law."
The amount Stephen had scammed from Rosa was enough to file a case against him.
Simona added, "I feel sorry for Rosa. Of all the women Stephen deceived, she must be the most tragic. I heard she even sold her house and her company went bankrupt.
"And Stephen lost all the money gambling, so he won't be able to pay her back. There are probably many others waiting for him to repay them as well."
"She really is pitiful."
"By the way, Skylar, I think my brother might be in a relationship. Has he said anything to you about it?"
Simona shifted the topic quickly, not
wanting to continue talking about
Stephen and Rosa. The situation
et
had already reached its conclusion, and bringing it up again seemed a bit like kicking someone when they were down. S
et
She had only thought of it now, recalling the phone call Aiken had taken the other day when she returned home. It felt a bit unusual. She had been busy these past few days and hadn't given it much thought. 
S
Simona had known Aiken had feelings for Skylar before, but it seemed like a one-sided love that had no ending. Now, it looked like Aiken had moved on to a new relationship. She felt excited and a little happy for him.
###chapter1498
 
Skylar was slightly surprised. "Aiken hasn't mentioned anything to me, but falling in love is a good thing."
Simona nodded and said, "Aiken is someone who rarely gets attached to anyone. I'll make sure to ask him about it when I have some free time and return home. People his age are already married, and I wouldn't mind having a nephew or niece to play with."
She couldn't help but feel a sense of longing. If Aiken got married, the family would gain a new member, and with a new life on the way, the home would feel more complete.
Skylar smiled. "That day will come soon. Let's look forward to it."
Simona laughed and said, "I feel like if Aiken gets married, I'll be the one pushing him to have kids."
She found it amusing. In most families, it was the mother-in-law who urged for grandchildren. But in her family's case, as Aiken's sister, she would be the one taking on that role. The thought made her laugh out loud.
Any lingering discomfort she had felt earlier seemed to vanish completely with that thought.
The scandal surrounding Rosa and Stephen had turned into a farce. With Stephen's arrest, the drama finally came to an end. But it sparked a lot of discussions about him.
Many people felt that Stephen was throwing away his future. If he had been more focused on his studies, with his intelligence, he surely could have had a bright future. He could have had genuine love from women.
But he was too young, thinking he could play with people's emotions, and grew too greedy. He treated women as stepping stones to success, using them for his gain.
He failed to realize that these women were offering their sincere feelings. The outcome was both a punishment and the result of his actions. However, what surprised Skylar was that, just a few days later, Rosa came knocking again.
Seeing Rosa looking even more haggard than before, Skylar couldn't help but feel pity. It seemed like Rosa hadn't rested properly in days, or she wouldn't have looked so drained.
Her eyes were empty, devoid of any spark.
Skylar didn't speak right away. She waited for Rosa to speak and explain her reason for coming.
Rosa stared at Skylar in front of her, suddenly feeling an overwhelming sense of inferiority. In front of her, Skylar was not only more beautiful but also more accomplished in every way-her appearance, figure, and abilities.
No wonder Joe liked her so much.
Rosa couldn't help but feel a twinge of envy and jealousy as she looked at Skylar. Even as a woman, she found herself admiring her. The two women stared at each other in silence for a few minutes.
Skylar patiently waited, maintaining her calm.
Rosa's eyes reddened, her voice thick with emotion. "Are you enjoying seeing me like this, having fallen so low?"
"No," Skylar answered simply, her voice firm and decisive.
net
Rosa looked into Skylar's clear, bright eyes and suddenly felt foolish. "I know you're not mocking me. From the first time we met, you never really took me seriously. And after you found out that Ned was Joe, you still didn't think much of me. 
"You were always like an outsider, watching from the sidelines. I just don't understand what I did wrong. Why is fate punishing me like this? Skylar, heard people say you can help change someone's destiny, and that you can even rid someone of negative items. I never believed it before, but now I do. Can you help me?" 
She felt as if she was simply too unlucky and needed something to reverse her fate.
Skylar furrowed her brow, her expression turning more serious. "I'm not as capable as you think. What you're going through isn't caused by someone else, and I can't do anything about it."
"So you don't want to help me, do

you? You know I can't afford to pay you, so now you're just refusing to help. Skylar, I thought you were a good person these past few days, but now I see you're just pretending. I know you can help me! How could albthis bad luck not be caused by someone else? 
"I also want to know if you used some negative item to steal Joe from me. Is that why all my good fortune vanished? Did you use negative items to ruin my luck?"
She fixed her gaze on Skylar, every word dripping with accusation. With each sentence, Skylar's patience started to wear thin, her eyes showing a growing sense of irritation.
###chapter1499
 
Skylar had originally thought that Rosa had matured. She believed Rosa would reflect on the mistakes she had made and truly face the future. She had overestimated Rosa. At this moment, Rosa was still focused on making others pay for her choices.
"Is that all?" Skylar asked.
Rosa's heart jolted. Immediately, her words came to an abrupt halt. She saw that Skylar was unaffected by her words, her demeanor unchanged, as indifferent as before.
In that moment, Rosa realized that her outburst had only made things worse for herself.
"I didn't mean what you think. I just... I just need your help." Rosa immediately softened her tone.
Over the past few days, Rosa had endured a great deal. Every passing second was filled with agony.
To make matters worse, she could no longer afford to stay in a luxury hotel and had been forced to move into a budget one. Her life had taken a sharp downturn.
On top of that, there was no hope of recovering her debts. Stephen had scammed many people, and his account was practically empty. He couldn't repay her a single cent.
She had tried looking for a job, but having been financially supported by Joe and Ned for the past few years, Rosa lacked any real work experience. The only jobs she could get were those of sales assistant or waitstaff-positions she could get because of her looks.
But she had tasted a higher standard of living. Over the past three years, she had come to see those jobs as beneath her-degrading. The thought of taking such a job now felt like a fate worse than death.
"I can't help you," Skylar said bluntly.
Skylar didn't sense any negative energy around Rosa, and the negative item on Stephen had been directed solely at Simona, not Rosa. It was pointless to dwell on how Rosa and Stephen had met or how she was tricked. The past no longer mattered.
Rosa's eyes were filled with disbelief and pain. "You have no idea how much I'm suffering right now! I have nothing left. Joe has married you now, and he'll never want me again. I'm alone in Jipsburg with no family, no house, no job, no money. What am I supposed to do?"
Skylar replied coolly, "As far as I
know, you own two or three
ne
properties in Murida, all of which Joe bought for you in the last three years, Selling one or two of them would be enough to support you for the rest of your life, or you could use them to start a business 
For Rosa, this was far from a dead end.
Rosa was stunned. She had not expected Skylar to know so much about her. She even knew about the properties Rosa owned in Murida.
Of course, after liquidating those properties, she would still have a considerable amount of money.
However, she didn't want to go back. She wanted to stay in Jipsburg. She hadn't given up on Joe yet, always thinking that one day he would regret his decision, that maybe one day he would break up with Skylar and come back to her.
If she wasn't in Jipsburg and someone else got to him first, she would regret it for the rest of her life. Moreover, she just couldn't accept it.
Seeing the glimmer of uncertainty in Rosa's eyes, Skylar felt disinterested. "I'll leave now."
At that moment, Rosa felt like Skylar had seen right through her, and she was mortified. Embarrassed, her face flushed slightly, and she called out, "You... Can you tell me if your love for Joe is real? Did you marry him just because he's Joe? 
There was no such thing as unwavering, pure love in this world. All relationships were built on benefits and gain. Skylar's eyes grew cold, and her patience with Rosa was gone. She didn't answer and simply walked to her car.
Rosa felt humiliated. "So this is how
it is? You're ignoring me now?
net
What's so great about it? Skylar, I don't believe you can keep your relationship with Joe perfect forever. After a year or two, won't the excitement wear off? What about three or five years from now? He'll surely get bored of you!" 
After shouting out her frustrations, Rosa felt a little better inside.
She couldn't stand seeing herself end up like this, having to sell off her properties in Murida, while Skylar not only married Joe but also thrived in her career. Family, friendships, and career-Skylar seemed to be succeeding in everything.
Rosa couldn't understand why Skylar seemed to have it all. It felt like life was so unfair.
Looking up at the sky, now growing darker and cloudier, Rosa realized a storm was coming soon. She knew she couldn't stay in Jipsburg anymore. She needed to book a flight back to Murida.
###chapter1500
 
When Rosa returned to Jipsburg, she swore to make Skylar see her differently. She would also make Joe regret ever abandoning her. Stephen would also have to answer for his actions. She was not someone to be easily fooled or taken advantage of.
A month passed in the blink of an eye. After a grueling, hours-long competition, Harvey emerged as the undisputed champion. His victory brought him great renown.
Simultaneously, Harvey graduated with the highest honors in his program, becoming the most admired student of the year at Jipsburg College. When Harvey moved out of his dorm, Skylar and the others offered to help, but he declined. It was a simple task, and he preferred to handle it himself. There wasn't much to take.
Besides, he had already moved most of his belongings to the apartment he recently bought.
The few remaining items were just odds and ends. He had even purchased a car, so transporting everything himself was no problem.
In the parking lot outside the college, Stephen waved goodbye to his friends before opening his car's trunk. As he loaded the last few things, he noticed someone standing nearby.
He didn't think much of it at first, assuming it might be a junior who recognized him and wanted to talk. But when he turned and saw the person's face clearly, he was momentarily stunned.
Standing before him was a middle-aged man.
The man's features seemed familiar as if they had met somewhere before. Harvey wondered if he might be one of the college professors. But nothing clicked-he was certain he had never taken this professor's class.
Just as he was about to greet him, Finn spoke first.
"You're Harvey Sullivan, aren't you?"
Harvey assumed he must be a professor. He immediately nodded and replied, "Yes, that's me, sir."
Finn smiled. "I'm not your professor."
"You're not?" Harvey was taken aback.
If he wasn't a professor, he didn't seem like a fan either, given his age. Maybe he was an executive from a company interested in signing him to a deal. 
But Harvey had already made it clear-he wasn't signing with any company. He planned to start his own.
Finn continued to smile and
explained, "No, I'm not your
professor. I'm your father. It's been 20 years since we last saw each other. In that time, you've gone from a baby to a grown man." 
The words left Harvey frozen in place. "My father?"
The realization struck him hard, and he quickly processed the situation.
He frowned, scrutinizing Finn. "My father has been dead for years. If you really are him, then I must be seeing a ghost."
Though his words were dismissive, a thought lingered in his mind. He had seen photos of his father before.
The man before him had aged, with wrinkles on his face, but the resemblance was unmistakable.
If the man before him was truly his father, Harvey wondered where he had been all these years and why he was only reappearing now. It certainly wasn't for any father-son bonding. 
je

###chapter1501
 
The dramatic scenarios often seen in novels and TV shows rarely happen in real life. In reality, the truth was often far harsher. Their family was doing well now.
Some people disappeared for so long that their return would only disrupt the peace of their lives.
Finn could tell that Harvey had recognized him. He knew Janine was someone deeply attached to family, so she would never let the kids grow up without knowing about their father. That meant she must have shown them family photos.
When Harvey suddenly changed his expression and refused to acknowledge him, Finn wasn't surprised.
"Harvey, you know who I am. You've got some time now, right? Let's sit down and talk. Give me a chance."
Harvey's face remained cold as he responded, "I already told you, my father passed away years ago. If you really are my father, where have you been for the past 20 years? Showing up now and claiming to be my father, don't you think that's a bit too presumptuous?"
With that, he slammed the trunk shut and walked toward the car door.
Finn was slightly taken aback by Harvey's cold response but quickly followed him. "There are some things that can't be explained in just a few words. How about we have a meal together?"
"No need. Don't come looking for me again, and don't disturb my family," Harvey said, his tone as icy as ever.
With that, Harvey stepped on the gas and sped away from Finn, leaving him standing there. Finn looked at Harvey, who was so guarded against him, his brows tightly furrowed.
He never expected Harvey to be just as cold and indifferent as Charles and Steven.
Before coming to Harvey, Finn had already visited Steven and Charles. Both had completely ignored him, and Steven had even warned him not to approach Janine.
Alas, Harvey was no different.
Finn's expression darkened further.
Harvey drove back to his apartment. After opening the fridge and drinking a bottle of soda, he finally calmed himself. The shock of seeing that man just 20 minutes earlier still hadn't fully worn off. 
"Father?" He let out a bitter scoff.
It turned out his father hadn't died. He did have a father, but from the looks of it, this man who had
et
disappeared unexpectedly was now
living a good life. 
If he had come looking for him ten years ago, he might have foolishly been happy to see him. But now, he despised him even more.
He wasn't sure whether Finn had
tried to contact Charles and Steven. As for Skylar, if Finn had
investigated, he should know her situation and probably wouldn't try
to reach out to her. 
It seemed like he could only tell Skylar about this.
...
Skylar was on vacation at a hot spring resort with Joe when she received the call from Harvey. The two were still soaking in the hot spring.
"Have you finished moving into your new place?" Skylar asked with a smile.
Harvey replied, "I'm at the apartment now, just resting on the couch."
###chapter1502
 
Skylar's smile faltered as she noticed something off in Harvey's tone. He didn't sound as cheerful as usual.
"Are you feeling out of place after suddenly graduating and leaving campus? Missing your classmates? Joe and I are at the hot spring resort. Why don't you join us for some fun?"
Joe, overhearing the invitation, raised an eyebrow at Skylar's suggestion. He thought, "Wouldn't Harvey be third-wheeling?"
If Harvey was truly that oblivious, Joe wouldn't hesitate to show him just how "impressive" he could be.
Harvey sighed, tugging at his hair in frustration. "No, it's not that. Someone came by earlier, and said he was Dad."
Skylar's smile disappeared entirely at his words. Without saying anything else, she stood up and walked out of the hot spring pool.
Noticing the change in Skylar's demeanor, Joe realized Harvey's call was far from just a casual chat. It wasn't about being a third wheel. "What did he say to you?" Skylar asked with a serious tone.
A few days ago, Steven and Charles had mentioned that Finn had reached out to them. He seemed intent on reconnecting, wanting to rekindle a father-son relationship.
But when it came to Finn's sudden return, they all shared the same thought—no one showed up without a reason. Finn's unexpected visit clearly had a purpose, though he hadn't revealed what it was.
A few months ago, they had learned that Finn was in Jipsburg, but out of respect for Janine's life, they decided to pretend they didn't know.
Originally, they believed Finn's disappearance years ago was due to amnesia. But later, they discovered he had been using his real name the entire time.
With his return and sudden attempt to contact them, it was clear that memory loss was no longer a plausible explanation. Finn had ignored the advice from Steven and Charles and had secretly reached out to Harvey.
Charles, always sharp, could sense something was off from Skylar's tone. "Skylar, you don't seem surprised that Dad is still alive."
Skylar nodded. "I actually saw him a few months ago. He even visited Steven and Charles a few days back. They told him not to bother you or Mom. I didn't think he'd reach out to you, though."
She was slightly taken aback. Finn had appeared three times now, reaching out to everyone except her. He knew she wasn't his biological daughter. She also noted that he hadn't gone to see Janine at all. It made Skylar question his true intentions.
"He's even gone to see Steven and Charles! What exactly is he trying to do? Skylar, I remember when we were kids, I envied my classmates who had dads. I hoped that one day mine might come back. 
"Everyone said he got lost in an accident and there was no way he could still be alive. Over the years, I thought his photo would be all I'd have left of him.
"But now, when we're grown up and living our own lives, he suddenly shows up again. And I can tell-he's been living well all these years. His clothes are all designer brands.
"If he were poor and desperate, I might have helped him out with some money, just because he's my father. But now? The way he's reappeared... it feels like there's something more to this."
Harvey had long let go of any childhood fantasies about his father. Now, as a recent graduate navigating adulthood, he understood all too well-no one resurfaced without a motive.
Skylar could sense the swirl of emotions Harvey was experiencing. After all, Finn was their father.
"Since he came looking for you, he's not likely to give up that easily. He'll probably come to see you again, so be prepared. You need to find out what he wants," Skylar said, though she couldn't figure out why Finn had suddenly shown up. 
Though she wasn't Finn's biological daughter, she had some memories of him from her childhood. He had been kind to her.
Harvey replied, "Okay, Skylar, I get it. If he comes to me again, I'll ask him directly just hope he doesn't go to Mom. She's been through so much over the years, and now she finally has Mr. Read." 
"Even if he goes to Mom, it won't change much. If anything, it will just make her sad. He's already built a new family," Skylar said.
Harvey scoffed. "A new family? He sure is living it up! He abandoned his wife and children to live a good life, but now he's probably in some trouble and has come back to us.
"Anyway, don't worry about me. You and Joe enjoy your vacation. I'm an adult now, and I can handle things on my own."
###chapter1503
 
Skylar reminded Harvey, "Alright, get some rest. If anything comes up, you can always call Steven or Charles."
Harvey agreed and ended the call.
After hanging up, Skylar found herself momentarily lost in thought. Joe walked over and handed her a glass of water. "Want me to have someone look into it?"
Skylar looked up, initially inclined to decline. However, she quickly reconsidered. It would be unwise to remain passive.
Unlike Harvey and the others, she wasn't Finn's biological daughter. That explained why Finn hadn't sought her out.
Her feelings toward Finn were different, more detached. She only had a few memories of him. Still, she didn't want to think the worst of someone connected to Harvey and the others by blood.
"I'll have Paul look into it discreetly. No one will notice," Joe added.
"Alright. Knowing what he's been up to might put my mind at ease. I can't shake the feeling that he's not here just to reconnect with Steven and the others."
Joe nodded in agreement. "I agree. If he'd been living in Jipsburg all this time, even if he didn't know Harvey and Steven, he would definitely know about Charles. Charles is everywhere in TV shows, advertisements, and movies across Jipsburg.
"There's no way he didn't know you all were here. The fact that he stayed silent all these years but suddenly appeared now suggests something's pushed him to act."
Skylar's expression grew serious. "My mom has finally found some peace in her life. I don't want anyone disturbing that."
"If he decides to show up, we'll handle whatever comes. Don't worry," Joe reassured her in a gentle tone.
Skylar's face softened, though a twinge of guilt lingered. "You already have so much on your plate, and now I'm dragging you into this."
"It's nothing. I'll have Paul handle it later," Joe said with a smile. At most, he'd give Paul a bonus and a few words of praise.
Moreover, seeing Skylar's furrowed brow always made his heart ache.
After ending the call, Harvey reached out to Steven. They discussed Finn's sudden reappearance and their suspicions.
Unfortunately, Charles wasn't in Jipsburg. He was attending an event out of town and couldn't be reached.
Steven spoke firmly, "If he comes looking for you again, tell him to come to me. I'll handle it."
He paused, a hint of regret flickering
across his face. He should have gotten Finn's contact number when he showed up a few days ago. He could have given him a stern warning by now if he had. 
"Steven, I'm not a kid anymore. You don't have to shield me from everything. I can protect you all too. To me, our father isn't important, but you are," Harvey said.
He wasn't trying to please Steven, it was how he truly felt.
Growing up without a father while others had one wasn't easy. Whenever he got bullied, it was always Steven or Charles who
1
stepped in and protected him. Even
without a father, he never felt short on love. 
S
Steven smiled. "You may have grown up, but you're still my brother. Since we both suspect there's a reason behind his sudden reappearance, let's figure out what he wants."
"Alright, should we let Mom know? Give her a heads-up?" Harvey asked hesitantly.
Steven fell silent for a few moments before replying, "Not yet. I think he's just here for us. Telling Mom now would only worry her unnecessarily."
"Okay."
"I'll talk to Charles. Besides, that man won't find Charles easily. Charles is constantly traveling across the country. If Dad is showing up now, he must be desperate. Let's See what he's after." 
"Got it. I'll follow your lead."
"By the way, if you hit any roadblocks with your new business, reach out to me or Joe," Steven added.
When it came to business matters, Joe was the better resource.
The mention of Joe made Harvey refuse immediately. "Let me try on my own first. I don't know why, but I'm intimidated by Joe. It's hard to explain."
Steven couldn't help but laugh. Harvey still had a touch of youthful insecurity.
Despite Joe's intimidating demeanor, he treated them like family. There was nothing to fear.
###chapter1504
 
After ending the call, Steven turned his gaze toward Mona, who was typing away at the computer.
Hearing the call end, Mona finished typing the last line before turning to look at Steven.
"I can tell you've been troubled these past couple of days. It's about that, isn't it?"
Couples often had a way of sensing each other's moods. They could pick up on changes in the other person long before anyone else could.
"Yes," Steven replied with a smile. He hadn't expected Mona to be so perceptive. Though he'd said nothing, she had already sensed something was amiss.
Perhaps it was because he had grown accustomed to hiding his feelings around others, but with her, he could be his true self. He didn't need to mask his emotions, and that openness had deepened their bond.
Mona walked over, took his hand, and placed it gently on her belly. "No matter what happens, I'll be here for you, and so will the baby. We're a family." She had just found out she was pregnant a few days ago and hadn't told anyone yet. For now, this secret was shared only between the two of them. Steven's eyes softened with affection. "You're right."
"If he comes back with an agenda, let him. He probably wants money or your help with something. But you're adults now-not kids from ten years ago. If he asks for something you're uncomfortable with, just say no," Mona said thoughtfully.
Steven nodded, agreeing with her. "You are a wise one. You see right through everything."
Mona beamed at the compliment.
"Of course! Don't forget who I'm married to. My husband is so smart and capable-how could I be anything less?" she laughed, clearly proud of herself. 
"Haha... No arguments there."
The next day was the weekend. Skylar and Joe had stayed overnight at the hot spring resort and returned to the city the next morning. Joe had plans to meet up with a few friends, including Jeremy. 
Skylar also had plans. She was meeting up with Natalie. The two of them hadn't seen each other in a while.
When Skylar arrived at Natalie's café, Natalie was busy preparing for the café's grand opening. She was deep in discussion with two designers about the shop's interior.
Skylar, not understanding much about the details, sat back with a smoothie she had picked up from a shop across the street.
From her seat, she occasionally glanced at the pedestrians outside and the bustling city views.
The café's location was
fantastic right in the heart of a
prime commercial district where every inch of space was valuable. Foot traffic was the least of Natalie's concerns. 
The large screen across the mall was displaying an advertisement featuring Austin.
"What's got you so engrossed?" Natalie asked.
###chapter1505
 
Natalie followed Skylar's gaze across the street to the advertisement on the large screen.
When she saw that it was an endorsement by Austin, she paused for a moment.
With a playful tone, she remarked, "Mr. Powell's face is captivating no matter when you see it. After becoming a fan of Mr. Powell, I realized that no other celebrities have a place in my heart. Well, except for Charles—he's one of my favorite male celebrities now, too."
There wasn't a trace of sadness in Natalie's voice. Skylar shifted her gaze back to Natalie. "Have you two not been in touch lately?"
"We broke up. We're both doing fine," Natalie replied, her gaze lingering on the screen for a moment longer.
In fact, it hadn't been long since their breakup. Yet, for some reason, it felt like ages since she last saw Austin. She'd been so engrossed in work recently that she had only just realized how much time had passed.
Some things weren't easy to just let go of, no matter how hard one tried.
Skylar didn't press further. The advertisement on the mall's large screen was likely part of a broader campaign purchased by Austin's company. His ads had been running there for quite some time.
She glanced around the café, which was significantly larger than Natalie's previous ventures.
"You are incredibly business-minded, Nath," Skylar said with genuine admiration.
Natalie grinned broadly. "Of course! I'd say I'm practically a career woman now. And recently, I've been busy with opening a flower shop. You'll have the flowers for free whenever your family needs them."
"Quietly accomplishing big things, huh?" Skylar couldn't help but admire Natalie even more.
She suddenly realized how well Natalie was healing from her heartbreak-by focusing on her career. That was a smart way to go about it.
Natalie beamed with pride. "That's right! Now, my employees call me 'Ms. Jakeman'. I'm a boss now, with almost 50 or 60 people working under me. And the team keeps growing."
Skylar gave a thumbs-up. "Cheers to you, Nath!"
They laughed and chatted for a while before heading across the street to the mall for lunch.
They decided to keep it simple and grab some Taegu cuisine. But as soon as they sat down, they ran into someone they knew.
"Nath, is that really you?"
Natalie looked up, surprised. It took her a moment before she blurted, "Mrs. Hughes."
She didn't expect to run into Eleanor
here. Since her divorce from Jeremy,
she had made an effort to avoid
anyone related to him in Jipsburg, including Eleanor and Morton. 
SUMS
She had only met them a few times before. Skylar immediately guessed who the woman was when she heard the name "Mrs. Hughes". It was quite a coincidence.
Eleanor was beaming with a smile, clearly happy to see Natalie. "It's been a while! You haven't changed a bit, Nath."
"How have you and Mr. Hughes been?" Natalie asked.
"We're doing well. I've been out shopping with a few friends, and we thought we'd try some Taegu cuisine," Eleanor said with a cheerful smile.
She glanced casually at Skylar, thinking that Natalie must be dining with her boyfriend.
She had heard from Kate that
Natalie had recently started a new relationship. Over the years, she had come to accept the situation. She knew that after Jeremy's affairs and their divorce, it was unlikely that the two of them would ever get back together. 
"I'm not sure if this place has good food, but it's popular. This is my first time here with my friend too,"
iel?
Natalie said, scanning the nearly full restaurant. 
It seemed like it would be tasty, though.
Eleanor nodded with a smile. "I've been here before, and it's quite good and authentic. Well, I won't keep you any longer."
###chapter1506
 
Natalie said, "Okay, Mrs. Hughes."
Watching the well-behaved and thoughtful Natalie, Eleanor couldn't help but feel a pang of sadness. If only Jeremy hadn't been influenced by that negative item and strayed from their marriage, things would have been so different. By now, Natalie and Jeremy might even have had a child together.
Instead, things had unraveled to this point, leaving Jeremy seemingly indifferent to love.
He no longer cared who the family chose as his future wife. To him, it made no difference he was willing to marry whomever they deemed appropriate, merely going along with their wishes.
As his mother, Eleanor saw it all too clearly. Jeremy had forced himself to let go of Natalie. He knew they had no future, so it didn't matter who his wife was.
Rumors had even surfaced about him keeping an actress on the side. Eleanor sighed inwardly. Everyone had their own destinies, shaped by the choices they made.
Natalie's attitude earlier was quite clear-she wasn't as warm toward her as before. Back when she and Jeremy were together, Eleanor had treated her like her own daughter. But those days were gone.
The past could never return.
After Eleanor left, Skylar turned to Natalie. "I heard Jeremy's getting married. The Hughes family had arranged the match."
Natalie nodded and said, "I heard the same from my mom. I actually thought Jeremy would end up with Helena. Just a few months ago, I saw them together."
As a woman, Natalie had sensed Helena's feelings for Jeremy. Even though Jeremy had never openly acknowledged a relationship, Helena had stayed close to him for years.
Skylar recalled what Joe had once said that Jeremy and Helena were impossible. The Hughes family didn't approve of Helena. To them, she was just an actress with a questionable past.
So much had changed over the years.
Skylar couldn't help but remember how Natalie used to light up whenever she mentioned Jeremy during their college days.
Just then, the waiter arrived with their food.
When Natalie saw the dishes, her eyes sparkled. "Wow! They look so good! I can already tell just how good they'd be!"
"Let's try it." Skylar was equally hungry and was also drawn in by the enticing presentation.
She and Natalie shared similar tastes and could enjoy almost anything together.
...
Meanwhile, at the airport, Austin stepped outside, rolling his luggage behind him. He wore sunglasses and kept a low profile. Hank had come to pick him up.
The news of Austin returning to Jipsburg that day hadn't been leaked, so no fans were waiting at the airport.
"Are we heading home or grabbing a bite first?" Hank asked.
Austin had been abroad for a while due to family matters. It was only recently that Hank had learned from Natalie that she and Austin had broken up.
Hank knew very well how
complicated their relationship had been. He hadn't expected that after Austin and Natalie went abroad and visited his family, they would break up. The reason for their breakup was obvious; one didn't need to think. 
Maybe it was the sunglasses, but Austin exuded an air of cold indifference, a silent warning for others to keep their distance.
"Let's go home. We can either order takeout or you can cook," Austin said.
Hank's lips twitched. "Your place
et
doesn't even have a single utensil What can I cook? Fine, I'll just order takeout on the way, and we can eat when we get there." 
The two of them quickly got into the car.
Hank asked, "Do you want me to line up some work for you? While you were gone, several directors reached out,
and there are also a few
vet
projects waiting for your review."
Austin nodded, then took off his sunglasses and glanced out the window without answering. After a moment, he asked, "How's Natalie doing lately?"
###chapter1507
 
Hank was puzzled by Austin's question. "Aren't you two broken up?"
He wondered if Austin still harbored lingering feelings for Natalie. Judging by the way Austin had brought her up, Hank couldn't shake the suspicion that Austin might be contemplating rekindling their romance.
He couldn't quite explain why he had this feeling, but years of unspoken understanding between them had honed Hank's instincts.
Austin furrowed his brows in response.
Hank quickly added, "We caught up recently. She's been swamped with the new store and renovations—it's been keeping her busy." "Okay." Austin didn't say anything else and chose to remain silent.
"She did ask about you though," Hank continued, shifting the conversation.
Austin immediately looked at him and asked, "What did she ask?"
Seeing the way Austin reacted, Hank knew he was right-Austin still had feelings for Natalie, perhaps even stronger than before. Hank sighed inwardly, his heart heavy.
"She asked the same thing if you've been doing well." Hank could tell that both Austin and Natalie still cared deeply for each other.
As for the reason behind their breakup, it was probably due to some issues with Austin's family.
Austin's expression softened a little. "Silly girl."
Hank's lips twitched. The tone in Austin's voice was more like someone amid a sweet romance, not someone who had just broken up. "You're not thinking of getting back together with Natalie, are you? Did you resolve the issues that led to your breakup before?
"If not, I think you should forget about her. You know Natalie's personality-once she's made up her mind, she rarely changes it."
Austin's face turned serious. Seeing
that
wasn't responding, Hank decided to stay silent, not aski
any
more questions. Content skink
belongs to
Late that night, Joe woke from a nightmare, his heart pounding in his chest.
As his eyes fluttered open, reality slowly began to settle in.
When he felt Skylar still nestled in his arms, the restless turmoil in his chest eased. But sleep wouldn't come.
Careful not to wake her, he slipped out of bed. Standing by the window, he gazed out at the quiet city, his
playing the haunting scenes
from his dream. 
It was the same unsettling nightmare he'd had a few days ago the two of them, cold and indifferent toward each other.
Joe's brow furrowed as he grappled with the meaning of the dream.
He couldn't bear the thought of Skylar looking at him with
indifference, and he couldn't accept the idea of being cold and distant toward her. 
He glanced at the pack of cigarettes on the side table, grabbed one, and lit it.
He inhaled deeply, letting the smoke curl around him as he sat on the balcony, lost in thought.
An hour passed before his mind finally quieted. Stubbing out the cigarette, he returned to the bedroom.
...
A few days later, the lively atmosphere of a popular food stall filled the air.
Young people gathered together, enjoying the casual, energetic vibe of the place.
###chapter1508
 
Several barbecue restaurants were bustling with patrons.
Harvey had arranged to meet a group of his college friends that day. These were the buddies he used to team up with for gaming sessions back in their college days.
Before graduating, they had made a pact to start a business together once they were out of school. Now reunited, their primary topic of discussion was finally turning that dream into reality.
Barbecue was a favorite among the young crowd, and it wasn't long before Harvey found himself three beers in. His friends were drinking too. "This is it, then. Tomorrow, I'll go with Dale to scout out potential office locations," Harvey declared, his voice loud and confident.
"I'll take care of drafting the business plan. Let's calculate the costs we'll need to start," Linden Castro offered.
In less than three hours, they had hashed out a rough outline. Young and energetic, they thrived on their determination to take immediate action. Harvey was brimming with confidence. "Just wait. I'll lead us to success, and we'll make a name for ourselves in Jipsburg!"
"We trust you!" Dale Sharp shouted, raising a bottle in solidarity.
"To that, I'll drink," Linden said, downing his beer in one go.
The conversation drifted to reminiscing about old classmates. Back in college, they had practically seen each other daily. Now, life had scattered everyone in different directions.
Some had stayed in Jipsburg, some returned to their hometowns, and others had gone abroad in pursuit of new opportunities.
Before they knew it, it was close to 11:00 pm. After saying their goodbyes, the three went their separate ways.
Harvey had known in advance that he would be drinking tonight, so he hadn't driven. He stood on the sidewalk, waiting for a cab to pass by.
The alcohol hadn't hit him hard—he wasn't drunk, just a little drowsy. He figured a quick ride home, a hot shower, and some sleep would set him right.
At this late hour, traffic was sparse, and so were cabs. When none stopped, Harvey pulled out his phone to order an Uber.
Just then, a car pulled over in front of him. Harvey glanced up, surprised.
The street had yellow lines marking no parking zones, and this was a one-way road where stopping wasn't allowed. As he wondered who would park so recklessly, the driver lowered the window.
The two locked eyes for a brief moment. Harvey's face instantly darkened. Any trace of drowsiness was gone, the cool night breeze further sharpening his mind.
He asked coldly, "Were you following me?"
Finn, sitting behind the wheel,
explained with a smile, "Following
you? Don't flatter yourself. I was just passing by and happened to see you. I stopped to say hi. Are you trying to hail a cab? I can give you a ride home. Not many cabs come through here at this hour 
Finn's gaze softened as he looked at Harvey. He had seen all three of his sons now. Out of them, Harvey was the one who resembled him most. The other two had inherited more of Janine's features. Yet of all his children, Harvey was the most indifferent toward him.
Harvey's expression remained neutral, his lips curling into a mocking smile. "No need. I can call an Uber. Don't waste your precious time. You can leave now."
He didn't see any point in conversing with Finn. Especially after learning more from Steven in recent days, Harvey felt even less inclined to waste words or emotions.
"You've been drinking. Uber can be uncomfortable. Just get in my car. I'm a good driver-I promise I'll get you home safe and sound." Finn stared at his youngest son, his patience fraying at the edges.
However, he quickly reminded himself to stay composed. Patience was key, he couldn't rush this.
Harvey narrowed his eyes, studying Finn. "Looks like you're doing well after abandoning us. This car must've cost two or three million dollars, right? Now you've come to find us-where were you all these years?
"Don't tell me you've suddenly realized you have no heirs and want to claim us as your sons to hand over your fortune? No, that's giving you too much credit. Someone like you wouldn't hand over a dime to us. You've gone through all these twists and turns, making all this effort to find us, and it's not to talk about father-son bonds. Content belongs
"It's too late for that now. A few years ago, maybe we could have talked, but now? If you've got something to say, spit it out. Otherwise, don't waste my time. Oh, and leave my mom alone while you're at it."
Seeing Harvey completely dismiss him, with every word laced with sarcasm, Finn's expression darkened He furrowed his brows in frustration, his patience thinning. "No matter what you think, I'm still your father. When I left, you were just a kid. 
"You don't know the full story. But you and your brothers are so stubborn. You've made up your mind about me without even letting me explain. You've painted me as the villain, the one who abandoned his family."
"Oh, didn't you? Or am I mistaken?" Harvey scoffed, his expression freezing over.
###chapter1509
 
Finn fell silent, unable to respond immediately. Seeing Finn speechless, Harvey wasn't surprised.
Even if he didn't know the full story, it didn't change the fact that Finn had abandoned Janine and them. Harvey took out his phone and started to order an Uber.
"Harvey, I'm your father. I know I didn't come looking for you all these years, but there were reasons for that. I've also heard that you've all been doing well, so I didn't want to disturb you. Just get in the car, and we can talk," Finn said, his tone calmer, despite the anger still simmering inside him.
He knew his children were still upset with him for abandoning Janine and them. But given the circumstances back then, any man in his shoes would've made the same choice.
He wasn't a saint, so everything he did back then had been for his own sake. However, now, it had become the reason his children held such animosity toward him.
He wondered how Janine had raised them to hate him so much.
Harvey was about to flat-out refuse, but then something crossed his mind. "Alright, I'd also like to know why you suddenly decided to find us."
He opened the back door and sat inside. Finn had planned for Harvey to sit in the passenger seat, but since Harvey didn't want to be that close to him, he let it go. Although Finn wasn't satisfied with Harvey's behavior, he was relieved that Harvey had agreed to get into his car.
The small details didn't matter-not now.
Harvey didn't give Finn his home address but instead directed him to a hotel. Harvey had no intention of letting Finn know where he lived, ensuring he couldn't show up uninvited later.
Finn followed Harvey's instructions and input the address into the car's navigation system, but he didn't rush to speak.
Despite Finn's silence, Harvey was growing impatient. "You said it was a long story, right? Then start talking."
He wanted to see what could have led someone to abandon their wife and children, only to show up years later without any shame.
Finn sighed deeply before speaking.
"Back then, I did have an accident. After I was rescued, I had no chance to return home. My leg was injured, and later, due to other reasons couldn't come back. But I never stopped thinking about you all." 
"Enough of this. I'm not a child anymore. You can try using these excuses on kids, but I'm not buying it. I can guess exactly why you had an accident and why you abandoned us, leading everyone to think you were dead.
"So stop wasting my time with ridiculous lies. I only want to know why you decided to show up now."
He saw through the weak act and thought it was nothing more than crocodile tears.
Finn took a deep breath before
continuing. "Alright, you're right. I
had a chance to come back, but back then, in order to repay my benefactor, I had to marry his
daughter. I thought your mothe
would be able to take care of you all, soT didn't worry too much. But I never expected you to resent me this much." 
Harvey was in disbelief. "Are you kidding me? My mother did take care of us, and yes, she gave up her youth to raise us. I saw with my own eyes how hard she worked, but that's on her. You, on the other hand, what you did-well, that's not what a man is supposed to do! 
"Are you going to tell me that it's my mother's fault we don't appreciate you? We're grateful to her-but you do you even deserve any gratitude from us?" Harvey couldn't believe the way Finn was trying to shift the blame onto Janine.
Finn seemed completely unaware of the wrongs he had done, and now he was trying to twist the situation so that the fault lay with Janine. Harvey was stunned by the audacity.
###chapter1510
 
How shameless could Finn be?
Harvey felt a strange sense of relief. Over the years, he'd grown up without a father to guide him. If Finn had been in his life, he would've likely ended up selfish and directionless-a mirror of the man before him.
Finn slammed on the brakes abruptly, his anger flaring as he turned to scold Harvey.
"Is this what your mother taught you? No respect for your elders?" Finn's voice rose, sharp and accusatory. "I may not have raised you, but that doesn't change the fact that I'm your father!
"When your mother married me, it was an arrangement between our families. I never loved her. Later, I found true love, and of course, I had to pursue it. Your mother-she was just a simple country woman who didn't understand anything.
"She couldn't give me the life I wanted. Would you have wanted to waste away in the countryside if you were in my position?"
Finn took a deep breath, unleashing years of bottled-up frustration.
All three of his sons were ungrateful. They only cared about their mother and had no regard for him—their father.
They only thought about Janine.
To Finn, the blame lay squarely on Janine. In his absence, she must have poisoned their minds, filling them with hatred toward him.
Back then, when he was with Janine, he often thought about spending his life with her in the countryside, but he wasn't willing to settle-he couldn't let himself be buried in such mediocrity.
Finn didn't think he had done anything wrong.
It was Janine's fault. She shouldn't have held him back. She shouldn't have raised the children to hate him.
Harvey was stunned by Finn's shamelessness. "You are shameless!"
"You're too young, and you haven't had the experience I've had. Wait a few years, and you'll understand why I did what I did. Right now, you can't comprehend it." Finn slightly
regretted speaking soovel
Harvey sneered and said, "People are different. I'm not as shameless as you, and no matter how many years pass, I'll never stoop to your level." "You! You don't understand anything." Finn almost exploded in anger.
Harvey tugged at the corner of his mouth. "Around my mom, I'm as considerate as can be. But when I'm with you, I'm suddenly disrespectful?"
"You!" Finn's breath caught in his

throat, the words dying on his lips. He had believed Harvey, his youngest, would be the easiest to reach. But Harvey's sharp tongue cut deep, relentless in its disdain. 
UMS
Harvey glanced at his phone. "Fine, drop me off here. The hotel is just next door."
Hearing his words, Finn looked out the window. Seeing the hotel, he took a deep breath and tried to calm his emotions before speaking again.
"What I said earlier was too harsh.
It's normal that you can't accept it all
at once. But that doesn't mean
don't love you. On the contrary,
care about you, just like I care about Steven and Charles." 
Harvey looked at him coldly. "My mom told me that a man should act like one-no need to be wishy-washy or make excuses."
The more Harvey listened, the more contempt he felt for Finn. He thought to himself that Janine had truly been deceived, marrying someone like Finn and having children with him.
At least now, she had met Ted. Compared to Finn, Ted was hundreds of times better, just based on the fact that he cared for Janine.
"You! Why can't you talk calmly to me? Why does it always have to be this confrontational?" Finn was losing his patience, nearly on the edge of losing all composure.
###chapter1511
 
Harvey was the type of person who wouldn't yield to pressure—well, not entirely. It depended on who was applying it.
He gave a faint, mocking smile. "I told you, if you have something to say, just say it directly. Don't try to reminisce. There's nothing for us to talk about."
Finn was at his limit with Harvey. However, he had mentally prepared himself for this. Within a few breaths, he managed to calm down.
"I did come to find you for something. Now, only you can help me." Finn sighed heavily.
After speaking, he seemed to age a few years in an instant, his worn expression making it hard not to feel some sympathy.
Harvey shot him a sharp glance, seeing through the act. He had always thought he was good at pretending. "Help you? What could we possibly help you with?"
"It's just a small thing. First, just tell me if you can do it for me. For example, if I asked you to donate blood, would you help me?" Finn asked, his eyes fixed intently on Harvey.
Harvey raised an eyebrow. "Donate blood?"
He sized Finn up. "Let me guess because you've done so many awful things in the past, now you've gotten some terrible disease like leukemia, and you need one of us to donate bone marrow, right?"
Finn's eyes flickered nervously at the suggestion, and he avoided making much eye contact with Harvey. "No, I'm not sick. Just an example."
"No," Harvey answered decisively.
A father who had disappeared for years, failing to fulfill even the most basic responsibilities of parenthood, was now asking him to overlook the past. Harvey wasn't a saint.
He was just a normal guy-he didn't forgive easily, and he never forgot.
"You won't even do such a small favor for me?" Finn didn't expect Harvey to be so cold and heartless.
Harvey pulled at the corner of his
mouth in a mock smile. "Don't try to guilt-trip me. Sure, the thing you're asking isn't a big deal, but I simply I
don't want to do it. Besides, what
have you ever done for me? 
"If you give me the entire family fortune, I'd consider it. But I don't even need that much money-if you donated it all, maybe I'd agree." "You!" Finn was truly enraged by Harvey's attitude.
Harvey sneered. "Don't come looking for me again!"
With that, he slammed the car door shut and walked toward the hotel without a single glance back.
Watching Harvey leave without hesitation, Finn was struck by the realization that his children hadn't thought of him as their father at all. To them, he was just an enemy. He slammed his hand down on the steering wheel in frustration. 
Just then, his phone rang.
When he saw who was calling, Finn quickly composed himself and erased the anger from his face.
He answered the call.
"How did it go? Did any of them agree?" The woman on the other end of the line spoke with a weak voice, clearly inquiring about the outcome.
Finn watched Harvey walk into the
hotel ahead of him, letting out a deep sigh. "It's been so many years since we've seen each other. It's difficult for them to accept me now and agree to help." 
###chapter1512
 
The woman said, "I know it will be difficult, but... we can't wait much longer. If they want money, let them have it. We'll give it to them."
Listening to the woman's anxious voice, Finn felt a mix of pity and helplessness. "They don't lack money. No matter how much we give them, they still won't agree."
The woman fell silent for a few seconds before responding, "What if I agree to you meeting Janine? If you talk to her, she'll be able to get through to your sons. They won't refuse her."
Finn frowned. "Haven't you always been against me meeting Janine?"
"Things have changed. I didn't want you to meet her before, but now... we have no other choice, do we? I'd rather face the pain myself." "Alright, I'll think about it."
"You don't need to think. It's decided. Go meet Janine tomorrow. She's just a simple country woman, not very clever. If you talk to her properly, she'll agree."
"Fine. Don't worry so much. I'll handle this."
After arriving at the hotel, Harvey checked into a room. Noticing that it was getting late, he decided to shower and go to bed.
The next morning, Harvey organized the recording on his phone and sent it to their group chat, which included Charles, Steven, and Skylar.
The night before, he had been careful. He had recorded his conversation with Finn.
Sometimes, it was crucial to collect evidence without hesitation. Failing to do so in the moment could lead to deep regrets later.
After finishing his breakfast, the three of them began chatting in their group chat. The first to speak was Skylar.
"Turns out he came with a purpose. He said he was just asking, but I have a feeling he's testing you. If you agree now, his demands will likely increase later."
Charles replied, "I'm with Skylar on this one. I can't believe this kind of soap opera plot is happening to me-a father who's been dead for years suddenly isn't dead. Then, he shows up out of nowhere with some hidden agenda. Looks like he's after our bone marrow, huh? These kinds of things really happen in real life too." 
Steven chimed in, "Just as we initially guessed, he indeed has an ulterior motive. He hit a dead end with Harvey, and next, he might tr his luck with me or Charles. Of course, he could also go after Mom. Here's the plan. I'll go home after work today and talk to Mom about it." 
et
Harvey replied, "Why is he choosing this moment to show up? Why not some other time? Mom and Mr. Read are in a good place right now, and his appearance is going to ruin her mood. You guys heard the recording. He's shameless. 
"He's out here insisting he wasn't wrong for abandoning Mom and us, even blaming her for everything. The audacity! I can't fathom who gave him the nerve to twist the facts so shamelessly."
Charles said, "His views are completely different from ours, Harvey. You don't need to be angry with him. If he had any proper values, how could he choose to abandon Mom and us? And how would he dare to approach us?
"Anyone with a shred of self-respect, even if they were terminally ill with just days to live, would quietly fade away somewhere. Only someone as selfish as him would have the audacity to come knocking on our door."
Skylar looked at the conversation in the group chat between the three of them. After a brief silence, she responded, "I agree with Steven's approach. Let's talk to Mom about it tonight and prepare her in advance.
"I think after he's hit a dead end with all of you, he'll try a different tactic. He'll probably try to convince Mom to do the work for him."
As she typed this, she couldn't help but frown. Janine was a kind woman. If Finn knew how to play his cards right, he might really be able to convince her.
If it wasn't just a simple matter of donating bone marrow, Skylar couldn't help but wonder what Finn's true intentions really were.
Harvey's anger flared. "Mom won't fall for his tricks! But still, he's shameless! I'd rather he had died 20 years ago."
###chapter1513
 
Skylar and the others had anticipated that Finn might approach Janine, but they hadn't expected him to act so quickly. He sought her out early in the morning, without even waiting a single day.
Since it was her day off, Janine had stayed home until 9:00 am before stepping out to buy groceries. There was a farmers' market just a short walk from her complex, and she often took the opportunity on her free days to visit it.
Stocking up on fresh vegetables and meats saved her from having to make multiple trips throughout the week.
Janine had only walked a short distance from her complex when someone approached her directly, blocking her path.
"Janine, it's me."
At first, Finn didn't recognize her. Janine had undergone a dramatic transformation.
The woman in front of him bore no resemblance to the simple, rural homemaker from 20 years ago. She now exuded an air of sophistication and looked younger and more stylish than he had imagined.
But her face-there was no way he would have mistaken it. It was the same face that had once convinced him to marry her. Back then, it had been her looks that caught his attention.
Because of his current wife, Finn had deliberately avoided thinking too much about Janine's life. He had only looked into the children, assuming Janine would be no more than a dowdy old woman dependent on them for support.
What he hadn't expected was to see someone who carried herself like a high-powered professional, someone who seemed more like a corporate executive than the woman he had left behind.
When Janine saw Finn, she froze in shock. For a moment, she thought she was seeing a ghost.
"F-Finn," she stammered, staring at him in disbelief. She struggled to process the sight of a man she had believed was gone forever.
The years had left their mark on him. Despite his aged appearance, she recognized the face of the man she had once lived with. Those youthful days as a married couple were still etched in her memory.
After the initial wave of shock, she quickly regained her composure.
On the other hand, Finn found himself staring at her, unable to look away. It took all his effort to snap back to reality.
"Yes, it's me," he said, nodding.
Janine's face turned pale, and her
mind buzzed with confusion. She struggled to calm herself as unexpected encounter shower deeply. 
et
Someone Janine thought she would never see again in her lifetime was now standing right in front of her. "You..."
Finn glanced at the people walking past them, then pointed toward a nearby café. "Let's go inside for coffee. We can talk properly there, alright?" 
Janine's mind was a mess. She couldn't even begin to process why Finn had sought her out. No-this didn't make sense.
Finn had died in an accident years ago. His body was never recovered. She wondered how he could have suddenly reappeared after 20 years.
She wondered where he had been all these years.
By the time they sat down in the café, Janine had somewhat calmed down, though her head was now filled with endless questions.
Finn asked her what she wanted to drink.
Janine shook her head. "Just order for yourself. I've been having stomach issues lately, so I'm avoiding coffee."
Hearing this, Finn didn't push and ordered just one cup for himself.
The aroma of freshly brewed coffee filled the air.
et
Finn took a deep breath, savoring the scent, before meeting Janine's confused gaze. "I know you must have a million questions right now. You want to know where I've been, what I've been through, and why I never came back to find you." 
###chapter1514
 
Finn's voice carried a gentleness that felt almost tangible. For a brief moment, it transported Janine back 20 years to a life that felt like a dream. Back then, their marriage in that little countryside village had been the envy of everyone. Everyone admired their love for each other.
People would say, "If you're looking for a husband, find one like Finn who treats his wife like a queen. And for a wife, there's no one better than Janine -understanding and kind. With a couple like that, life can only get better and better."
Janine looked at Finn, her eyes meeting his. He appeared apologetic. However, something about the look in his eyes seemed off. There was no genuine remorse in them.
She froze.
Despite the 20 years that had passed, Janine knew him all too well. They had been married for years, and before that, they had known each other for much longer. Despite the two decades apart, Janine could still sense that Finn's apology wasn't as sincere as it appeared.
This realization brought a wave of calm over her. Her years in the workplace had honed her composure, giving her the ability to face even the most urgent situations with a level head.
By now, Janine had shifted from her initial shock to a state of composed detachment. Her voice was calm as she said, "I won't lie I'm surprised." Finn's expression shifted. He hadn't expected this reaction. He was well aware of how deeply Janine had loved him more than two decades ago. After so many years apart, seeing Janine again, so indifferent, left him with an uncomfortable feeling he couldn't quite describe.
Clearing his throat, Finn launched into the explanation he had prepared on the way over. "When I woke up after the accident, I realized someone had saved me. By the time I could walk again, months had passed. During that time, I heard people saying there had been another accident, and they believed you were all gone.
"I couldn't bring myself to go back. I thought it would be too painful, to see the place we shared, filled with memories. It must've been so hard for you all these years."
He had rehearsed this narrative meticulously, confident it would evoke Janine's sympathy. She had always been so simple, so pure. She would believe him if he shared his struggles.
In hindsight, he regretted not telling the same story to their children.
ne
But their reactions had been too intense. The hostility they harbored toward him was palpable. When he first approached them, he had naively assumed his reappearance would bring them joy. Surely, every child would want their father back. 
Instead, he found nothing but distance and resentment in their eyes.
Janine's gaze flickered slightly at Finn's words. She didn't respond immediately, instead staring thoughtfully at the man before her.
Finn grew visibly uneasy under her scrutiny. He avoided her eyes and focused instead on the coffee cup in his hands.
"I understand this must be a lot to take in all at once. The truth is, I owe you an apology. These past years, I've let you shoulder everything alone- raising the kids, running the household."
Janine's expression didn't change.
Instead, she calmly replied, "Since you've managed to find me, it's clear you've known we were here in Jipsburg for a while. Charles
been acting for several yearlin &
UMS
now.
"As his father, you must have recognized him long ago. If you're only approaching me now, there must be a reason. So, tell me, what do you want?" Finn was caught off guard by her straightforwardness. "What... Why would you think that?" he stammered.
"You've been gone for 20 years, Finn. I can barely accept your excuse, but even if I try to believe you, you've had no contact with your own parents either.
"You watched me take care of them until the end. That alone tells me your departure wasn't an accident. It was planned, wasn't it? And if I'm right, you've likely started another family."
Her analysis was calm and measured. With age came perspective. Life's challenges, the complexities of human behavior—Janine had seen them all.
The inte had also broadened her
understanding of just how absurd and unpredictable people could be. Compared to some of the stories she had encountered, Finn's actions didn't seem all that unusual. 
20 years had passed and her children had all grown up now. As for this man, who had suddenly reappeared in her life, she felt no expectations toward him.
Finn's face flushed and paled in turns as her words sank in. He hadn't expected time to change not only himself but Janine as well. She wasn't as easy to fool as before.
More than that, it stung to realize that Janine had no emotional attachment left for him. If she had, she wouldn't be this distrustful, this indifferent.
###chapter1515
 
Finn tried to explain, "I... I'm not as bad as you think. I didn't leave on purpose all those years ago. It was a coincidence. I truly got hurt in an accident..."
He realized that Janine didn't seem to be struggling as he had imagined. In fact, she seemed to be doing remarkably well. The thought made him not want her to think any worse of him.
Janine didn't want to hear anymore. "It doesn't matter whether it's true or not. You don't have to explain," she interrupted, cutting him off.
Finn said, "Are you really that indifferent? Janine, I've thought about you and the kids all these years."
Janine scoffed. "Is that so?"
"If you really thought about us, why didn't you show up in the past 20 years?" she thought to herself.
Those words might fool some na?ve young woman, but not her. She wasn't the na?ve person she had once been.
"Of course, I just... I just couldn't bring myself to face you. I guess I wasn't brave enough." Finn sighed deeply.
Janine glanced at her watch. "I have plans with a friend today and some things to do afterward. You don't have much time, so if you have something to say, get to the point."
Finn's expression froze for a moment, his face turning a little pale. He hadn't expected Janine to be so indifferent.
But he had no choice now.
"By the way, before you came to find me, did you try to contact the kids?" Janine suddenly realized something.
She felt that Finn's sudden appearance must have been prompted by something. Otherwise, he wouldn't have shown up now.
The words he had said earlier didn't convince her.
Finn regarded Janine with new respect. Not only had her demeanor changed drastically, but she had become sharp and perceptive, able to easily read people's intentions.
He had been gone for 20 years, and he couldn't help but wonder what Janine had endured during that time.
He had never cared to ask before, but now, seeing her like this, his curiosity was piqued.
"I did go see them, but they hate me for being away for 20 years. They wouldn't even give me the chance to sit down and have a meal with them," Finn said with a bitter smile.
Upon hearing that Finn had tried to meet with the children, Janine's expression immediately darkened. "Why should they give you that chance?"
"What?"
"You ran away from your
responsibilities as a father. You left
when they were just children, and the people in the village would mock them as fatherless kids. Steven was just a kid, but he had to help me keep the family together. 
"Where were you then? Let me guess, you went on to build a new family and live the life you always dreamed of-the life you used to tell me about. Now, you want to show up and act like a father? You don't deserve that." 
Janine stood her ground, defending Steven and the others. Of course, they hated Finn. It was only natural.
If Finn hadn't shown up, Steven and the others would have kept their good memories of him, still believing they had a good father.
But now, after his sudden reappearance 20 years later, everything that had been a comforting memory now felt like a lie. They would surely hate him.
Finn's face flushed with
embarrassment. "I know I've
wronged them, and I've wronged you
too. But I'm not beyond redemption.
Any man in my position would have made the same choice." 
"Keep those words to yourself. Don't try to deceive anyone else with them. We all have common sense now." Janine sneered.
Since being with Ted, there were times when Janine wondered if she had wronged her late husband.
After all, deep down, she was a traditional woman.
But now...
###chapter1516
 
Suddenly, Janine realized that her past thoughts seemed a bit laughable. The person she had wronged the most was herself. Finn was not worth it. Finn was left speechless.
Finn had initially thought that coming to Janine would make things easier, but he hadn't expected her to have changed so much. She was no longer as easy to deceive.
But now, he couldn't back down.
In his panic, he didn't know what to do and suddenly grabbed Janine's hand. "I know I was wrong, Janine."
Janine immediately pulled her hand away. She couldn't accept any man touching her except for Ted now. "Whatever right or wrong doesn't matter anymore. Don't bother us anymore. Let's go our separate ways."
When Janine said "let's go our separate ways", Finn suddenly felt that Janine was still kind at heart.
He thought there might still be a place for him in her heart, and that she was just angry at him for abandoning her for 20 years.
"Before I came to see you, I already decided to compensate you. I have a villa and a bank card with one million dollars. These are my way of making up for everything," Finn said as he took a property deed and a bank card from his bag.
"The pin code for the bank card is your birthday. The villa is in Jipsburg, not far from here. It's about a 40-minute drive."
Janine glanced at the kindness in Finn's gestures and subtly raised an eyebrow. An old saying came to mind—a fox in the henhouse.
She knew there was some ulterior motive behind his sudden generosity. "So, what is it you really want from us?"
Finn took a deep breath. From his expression, it was clear that he thought these two offerings might sway Janine. He spoke earnestly, "My request is simple. I want Steven, Charles, and Harvey to go to the hospital and get a blood test."
"A blood test?" Janine raised an eyebrow, her eyes scanning Finn. "Are you terminally ill?"
The question was similar to what Harvey had asked earlier.
Finn shifted awkwardly. "I'm not terminally ill, and there's nothing serious going on. I just need them to go for a compatibility test."
"Compatibility test?" Janine's voice was sharp.
She immediately understood. That was why he had suddenly shown up.
"If you're not terminally ill, then someone close to you must be. One of the kids in your newly formed family?" Janine asked coldly.
She thought back to how Finn had ignored the children when they needed him most. Now that he had a use for them, he was back. He was still as selfish as ever.
Finn couldn't bring himself to meet her gaze. With things said this plainly, there was no point in avoiding it anymore.
"It's my daughter. She needs help
from her three brothers. After all et
she's their sister. If they help her
Ashe'll acknowledge them later,"
Finn explained hurriedly. 
Janine scoffed. "They have a sister. They don't need one they've never met. This ends here. I'll make it clear-I won't agree to this." She stood up abruptly.
She glanced at the house deed and
the bank card on the table.
e
"Honestly, these things you brought out? It's insulting. Take them and get as far away as you can." 
"Janine!" Finn stared at her in disbelief.
The woman in front of him, full of anger and contempt, was nothing like the gentle, kind one he remembered.
"You're not this heartless. Can you really watch a child even younger than Charles die? For Steven and the others, it's just a small favor," Finn demanded, his voice filled with frustration. 
###chapter1517
 
When Finn's question echoed in the air, Janine wasn't surprised.
"What does this have to do with me and the kids? You could use the property deed and the bank card to find someone willing to help. There's no need to come here and try to guilt-trip us. You owe the kids, not the other way around. Got it?"
Finn didn't care about who owed who. Right now, the only ones who could help his daughter were his three sons.
"I don't understand. For you, this is hardly a loss. But this could save a child's life. And afterward, we'll be in touch more often. They'll have a father and even a sister. Why not help? It's not such a big deal."
Hearing his words, Janine understood there was no point in saying more. She stood up and walked out of the café.
Finn watched her leave without a care, anger rising within him. He slammed his hand down on the table. The loud noise made those nearby frown. The other patrons found him rude.
It was only then that Finn realized his outburst was a bit irrational. He grabbed his things, his face dark with frustration, and stormed out of the café.
By the time he reached the street, Janine was nowhere in sight. The more he thought about her attitude, the more furious he became. Just then, his phone rang.
"How did it go? Did she agree?" the voice on the other end asked.
Finn was silent for a moment.
et
"You... She didn't even give you any respect, did she? I mean, you are still the father of her children. As their father, shouldn't they listen to you no matter what?" The voice on
phone suddenly raised in the ho
pitch.
sw nove
Finn let out a helpless sigh. "I never thought she'd become so harsh and unforgiving. After being gone for 20 years, I suppose it's only natural that she and the kids hate me now. It's just as I feared."
"Why does she hate you? Back then, there was no love between you two. Yet, she insisted on having multiple children with you, making your life a living nightmare. She should reflect on that, not hate you. 
"Now you're the one reaching out, trying to ease the relationship so the kids can have a father again. She
doesn't even appreciate this
opportunity! And compared to
daughter, hers are all perfectly
net
Our
healthy." The voice on the other end
was growing increasingly frantic. 
Finn sighed, trying to calm the situation. "Don't worry. Don't get upset. Maybe I was too hasty. I'll go see her tomorrow. Don't worry. I'll convince them to save our daughter."
"They must come. I'm giving you a deadline. If they don't come tomorrow, I'll force them to the hospital. My daughter can't wait any longer!" Finn furrowed his brows deeply. "Fine, we'll do it your way."
He wasn't afraid his sons would refuse. But he was concerned whether his wife's method would work. He had been confident it would.
But after seeing the three sons and Janine, he felt that it wouldn't be as simple as he thought. There was a risk it could backfire.
Skylar was surprised when she received a call from Janine, telling her to come home. Janine didn't say much over the phone, just that they would talk when Skylar got home tonight.
Skylar then informed Joe that she would probably be home late since she had to visit Janine first.
###chapter1518
 
Joe said without hesitation, "I'll go with you."
When it was time to leave work, Joe arrived to pick Skylar up. Together, they headed straight to Janine's house.
The group arrived almost at the same time. They all had keys to the house, but because of the relationship between Janine and Ted, they rarely used them anymore and preferred to ring the doorbell instead.
Ted didn't live there, but due to his close relationship with Janine, he visited frequently, and they didn't want to disturb the two of them. Janine quickly came to the door and opened it.
Seeing all her children gathered together, her expression softened slightly. "Come in. I was just washing some fruit."
Once inside, Harvey asked curiously, "Mom, why did you call all of us here?"
Even Charles had shown up. His flight had landed just two hours ago, and he hadn't even rested before making his way here. His face was etched with exhaustion.
Steven and Skylar exchanged a glance, both quietly suspecting what this was about. They figured Janine had either learned that Finn was alive or, more likely, that he had already come to her.
After they all sat down, Janine brought over a plate of fruit and sighed softly as she looked at them. "You already know your father is alive, don't you? Has he reached out to you?"
"What? He has the nerve to come looking for you?" Harvey shot up from his seat.
Charles, never one to hold back his temper, slammed his hand on the armrest. "First, he comes running to each of us, trying to play nice and get us on his side. When that doesn't work, he dares to show up here and bother you? Who gave him the right? What exactly does he think he's going to achieve?"
Compared to Harvey's and Charles' fiery reactions, Steven remained composed, though his expression was grave. His voice was calm but firm. "Mom, what did he say to you?"
Skylar stayed quiet, exchanging a look with Joe, who was sitting beside her.
Janine let out a heavy sigh. "He wants you all to go to the hospital and get tested. His daughter with his current wife is very sick, and he hopes you'll get tested to see if you're a match."
Skylar's mind flashed back to the girl she had seen with Finn before—a girl who didn't look older than 20.
She wondered if she could be the one who was sick.
Charles' temper flared again. "Why doesn't he go get tested himself? If he had the guts to cheat, he should have the guts to deal with the consequences. Now he comes running to us when things get tough? What a joke!" 
He couldn't hide his disgust. Honestly, he would rather not have this father at all.
Harvey's expression was dark.
"There's no way I'm going. Using this kind of situation to pressure us into helping him? Does he think we're saints with nothing better to do than fix his mistakes for free?" 
Charles scoffed, following Harvey's train of thought. "He and his current wife can handle this themselves. Why come to us? Are they worried it'll damage their precious health or something? That level of selfishness, expecting others to sacrifice for them, is absolutely disgusting." 
Janine sat quietly, her face grim as she listened to her son vent. "Since he's come to us, it's clear he won't give up easily. You all need to think this through carefully and prepare yourselves."
Her thoughts had been in turmoil since morning, ever since Finn had shown up. It was impossible to calm down. The emotions she had poured into the relationship 20 years ago now felt like a cruel joke.
Finn's shamelessness had pushed her past her limits, making those once cherished memories feel utterly tainted. For her children, this situation was grossly unfair.
Steven said in a low voice, "Mom's right. He won't let this go easily. Charles might have a point. Maybe they're reaching out to us because they're worried about how it might affect their own health.
"It's not just us assuming the worst about him-it's the fact that he was a habitual liar back then. It's no surprise he'd pull something like this now."
###chapter1519
 
Charles agreed, "Steven's right."
Since entering the entertainment industry, the more he got to know people in it, the more he realized how low some could stoop. A few were as despicable as they came.
Janine's expression darkened. "He hit a wall with me. He might come to you all in the next couple of days."
"I'm prepared for this. Don't worry, Mom," Charles said, not at all bothered.
Harvey also nodded. "Same here. I will never forgive him."
Steven glanced at Mona, then looked back at Janine. "Mom, don't worry about this little issue. Whatever he wants to do is his business. If he really crosses a line, we're all adults-we can handle it."
Janine felt relieved and then looked toward Skylar and Joe. "I don't think he will approach you two. Still, it wouldn't hurt to be prepared."
"Mom, I understand. Don't worry. He's probably trying to get Steven, Charles, and Harvey to get tested. He probably won't come to me," Skylar said with clarity.
On the way here, she and Joe had already discussed this. They had speculated on what kind of situation Finn was in.
As for Finn's daughter's illness, they still hadn't figured out what it was.
"That's true. I didn't realize what kind of person he really is," Janine started to say. She had wanted to call Finn selfish and opportunistic, but she changed her words. After all, he was the father of several children.
"His daughter isn't in Jipsburg. She's probably getting treated overseas," Joe said after reading a message from Paul on his phone. He looked at Janine and spoke.
Janine froze for a moment, then nodded. "He has the resources to make sure the people around him get the best treatment."
Steven frowned. "Overseas? If it's just leukemia, the medical level in the country should be enough to handle it."
"People really can't be compared. Back then, he kicked us aside like we were an obstacle, and now he treats his daughter like a princess. Tsk!" Charles sneered in anger.
Harvey's face darkened as well. "If they can go abroad for treatment, paying for a bone marrow donation should be easy. Why come to us for help?"
Janine didn't want to dwell on this
topic any longer. "It's getting late Let's go out to eat. Mr. Read has already arranged everything with the restaurant." 
"Mom, does Mr. Read know about this?" Skylar asked.
Janine nodded. "I didn't hide anything from him. After I met that person today, I told Mr. Read. He supports all of my decisions."
When Ted was mentioned, Janine's expression softened.
Skylar said with a smile, "Mr. Read is great."
With Ted by her side, Janine's mood must have improved. After all, Finn,
who had disappeared for 20 years,
had deceived Janine of her youth and most of her life. 
Anyone in her shoes would have had difficulty accepting the truth when it was revealed.
"Mom, before we go out, I have
some good news to announce. Our
family is getting a new
member Mona is pregnant," Steven
said, wrapping his arm around Mona's shoulder, eager to share the joy with his family. Content belongs
Mona's cheeks flushed slightly, her eyes filled with the joy of soon becoming a mother.
Skylar's eyes lit up. "Does this mean I'm going to be an aunt?"
"Am I going to be a grandmother?" Janine asked, surprised and thrilled.
"I'm going to be an uncle. Wow!" Charles was equally stunned.
Harvey was also excited. "I'm going to be an uncle too. This is great!"
Meanwhile, Joe smiled faintly, his gaze falling on Skylar. A few months ago, they had been expecting their child, but...
He thought Skylar's feelings must be mixed right now-there was happiness, but also some memories lingering in her heart.
###chapter1520
 
The next day, Steven was at work when the receptionist informed him that someone wanted to meet with him.
He had several meetings lined up for the day, and upon hearing that someone wanted to meet him, he told the receptionist to schedule them for another time.
However, just 20 minutes later, the receptionist called him again, saying the person claimed to be his father.
After a brief moment of silence, Steven wrapped up the work he was doing and headed downstairs.
Finn was waiting outside the company building. He had been anxiously checking the time, and it had already been an hour. As he thought about how he was Steven's father, yet was being treated so coldly by him, his discomfort grew.
As an elder, waiting for someone younger than him like this was already a bit much. Just as his frustration reached its peak, he saw Steven walking out.
"Steve!"
Steven's expression was indifferent. "We're not really familiar with each other, so just call me by my name."
Finn's smile faltered but he still replied cheerfully, "It doesn't matter what I call you. You're still my son."
He was quite proud of himself. All three of his sons were excellent, and the fact that they had risen from the countryside to where they were now was an incredible feat.
However, he couldn't deny that the current times were better than his era, as there was more room for young people to grow. Back in his day, he had to resort to certain methods to get ahead.
"From the moment you abandoned us, you no longer deserve to be called my father," Steven stated plainly.
Finn's smile immediately faltered.
"We don't need to be at odds like this," he said, trying to smooth things over.
"I'm just stating the facts. The last
time I spoke to you, I told you not to interfere with my family, but you didn't listen. Not only did you go looking for Charles and Harvey you even went to my mother. That's not the behavior of a man," Steven said. 
He looked down on Finn. It was a deep, unmistakable contempt.
Finn took a deep breath. "You should know, I'm here because I have no other choice. Your sister is suffering, and the pain is unbearable. You three are her brothers, and now is the time to step up and protect
her to do what brothers are
supposed to do." 
"I only have one sister, Skylar. I would give my life for her, but anyone else who wants to claim to be my sister doesn't deserve it!" Steven sneered.
Finn's anger flared. "Skylar is not even your sister! You have no blood relation to her. And you're willing to give your life for her, but ignore your own sister? After all these years of schooling, what exactly did you learn?"
Steven's response was sharp and mocking. "What did I learn? How to abandon a wife and kids? Or how to be selfish?"
Finn was on the verge of losing his temper. His three sons all seemed to have the same personality-none of them had any respect for him. It was as if they had a deep, unhealable grudge against him.
"You! Are you really refusing to help?
If just one of you three goes to the hospital and the test shows that
you're a match, your sister's life could
be saved! I'll cover all the All I'm
medical and living
asking is that you go to the hospital right now! 
"If you refuse, and something happens, you'll regret it! You won't be able to live with the consequences!" Finn nearly shouted, his frustration spilling over.
###chapter1521
 
Steven looked at Finn, his face flushed with anger, his expression darkening with fury. Having a father like Finn was humiliating.
"What possible consequences could there be?" he sneered.
Finn's face fell at the question. For some reason, guilt gnawed at him, and a strange unease crept in. A part of him sensed that if he continued to push Steven, he might live to regret it.
But there was no time to dwell on those thoughts. He couldn't afford to waste any more energy playing games with Steven and the others.
Whether it was Janine, Steven, or the others, they all seemed so cruel-hearted. He had told them that his daughter was ill and needed their help, but every one of them just stood by and did nothing.
After taking a deep breath, Finn gritted his teeth and said, "I don't want things to get worse between us. All I'm asking is for you, as brothers, to step up and protect your sister right now.
"But you're all so heartless. The way you're acting now, you will definitely regret it later! You've brought this upon yourselves!"
"Nice speech! That's exactly what should be said to you. Abandoning your wife and children to raise a kid with your mistress-you're the one who's guilty of all this, and it's no wonder your daughter's sick."
With that, Steven turned around and walked straight back to the company building, not bothering to waste any more words on Finn. Finn stared, fuming with anger as Steven walked away without a second thought.
He gritted his teeth. "If I'd known you were this cold-hearted, I never should have had you with Janine!"
He was furious, blaming everything on how Janine had raised Steven.
Before reaching out to them, Finn had a pang of guilt toward Janine and the kids. After all, he had neglected them for 20 years. But now, thinking about his daughter's condition, he realized just how heartless they all were.
He had given them money and property as compensation, yet they acted as though it meant nothing, clinging to the past instead of moving forward. After a moment of silence, Finn finally made up his mind and dialed a number. "Alright, I agree. Let's do it your way. My daughter can't wait any longer."
...
For the next three days, Finn didn't show up in front of Steven or the others. Steven paid no mind to Finn's sudden disappearance.
Life went on as usual, with everyone focused on their work.
Skylar was also preoccupied with her work every day.
That afternoon, Skylar had just finished work and was on her way home when she received a call from Joe.
"Are you off work?" Joe asked.
"Just finished, I'm on my way home now."
Joe's tone sounded slightly serious. "I'm at home waiting for you. There's something we need to talk about."
Skylar felt a moment of hesitation,
sensing the gravity in his voice. She
stepped on the brake as she
stopped at a red light, not asking
what it was but simply responding
with an "Okay". 
Before long, she arrived home.
As soon as she walked in, she saw Joe sitting on the couch, drinking a glass of water. She walked over to him.
Joe looked up as she approached.
"I've got some information from
Murida. Finn's daughter, the one he had with the mistress, is suffering, from kidney failure and needs a kidney transplant. Finn approached Steven and the others—not for their bone marrow, but for their kidneys." 
S
When Joe spoke these words, his face darkened.
"Kidney transplant?" Skylar's face shifted with shock. She hadn't expected Finn to be so audacious as to ask Steven and the others for their kidneys.
"Yes. They've been searching
everywhere for a suitable kidney, but
none have matched. So, they turned
to Steven and the others." Joe seemed disgusted by Finn's
shamelessness. 
As a father, Finn's lack of responsibility was one thing, but this was truly below any decent boundary.
Skylar sat down and took a moment to collect herself, trying to calm her emotions. "He actually thinks he has the right to ask for their kidneys? Who does he think he is?"
###chapter1522
 
A healthy person suddenly losing a kidney would inevitably face significant challenges to their life and health moving forward. Most people become weaker after such a surgery.
From the way Finn spoke, it sounded like he was merely asking for a small favor from Steven and the others. In reality, they suspected he was planning to ask for bone marrow donations.
Finn had always been driven by ulterior motives. Everyone knew that to achieve his goals, he was willing to disregard anything, even family—he would abandon his wife and children if it meant securing a comfortable life for himself.
However, Skylar never imagined Finn would stoop so low as to target Steven and the others' kidneys.
"This is something you should decide. Do you want to tell Steven and the others?" Joe asked.
Skylar furrowed her brows. "This man has no shame, and his behavior keeps getting more outrageous. For my brothers, it's devastating to have such a father.
"If they find out he's targeting their organs, it will hurt them even more. He hasn't shown up these last few days-maybe he's already given up." "Given up? I don't think so. We should prepare for the worst," Joe said, not as optimistic as Skylar.
Skylar nodded in agreement. "You're right."
Anyone with a sense of decency and shame wouldn't abandon their family. And after doing so, they certainly wouldn't have the audacity to return and make such a request.
Joe gently pulled Skylar into his arms, resting his chin on her head. Her hair was soft and smooth, with the lingering scent of shampoo-a scent he particularly liked.
"Steven and the others haven't truly seen the darker side of human nature. Finn and his lot won't give up easily.
"The girl has been waiting for a long time, and since she hasn't been able to get a transplant, she likely doesn't have much time left. They'll come after Steven and the others again," Joe said solemnly.
Skylar clenched her teeth and said, "Why don't they just give their own kidneys? How dare they target my brothers' kidneys? It's absurd!"
She was furious. She loved her family with all her heart. There was no way she would let these shameless people hurt them.
Joe looked at Skylar, her face
flushed with anger, and couldn't help
but smile at how cute she looked.
net
"You're right. They've never even considered donating their own kidneys. They haven't bothered with compatibility testing." 
"Shameless!" Skylar was genuinely furious.
Joe gently soothed her anger, then suggested softly, "Let's go out for dinner tonight."
Skylar shook her head. "I don't really feel like eating out. I had a barbecue with my colleagues for lunch, and my stomach still feels off. I'll just cook some pasta and make a couple of dishes instead." 
She stood up, preparing to head to the kitchen.
Joe stood as well. "I'll help you."
Skylar smiled. "Okay."
The two of them worked well together when it came to daily life, always contributing equally. Neither of them expected the other to bear the weight of the relationship alone.
At the variety show's recording site, the live broadcast tested celebrities' abilities to entertain on the spot.
Charles had initially wanted to decline the show. Finn's recent reappearance had taken a toll on his mood.
However, the show's director had previously offered him opportunities during his lowest point, giving him exposure that eventually led to roles with speaking parts.
Out of gratitude and obligation,
Charles found it difficult to refuse. The company also believed the show would benefit his career. Since he had already signed the contract, backing out would mean paying a hefty penalty fee. 
With no mentors, the 20 participants were handed scripts and divided into groups to perform scenes. Their performances would be judged by a live audience vote.
Before Charles even entered the venue, his phone-which he had handed over to Freddie-had been ringing non-stop.
###chapter1523
 
Charles said, "Can you answer the call for me? I'm too busy to pick up."
After he instructed Freddie, Charles entered the recording area, greeting the host and audience warmly. He exchanged a few words with several fellow actors he was acquainted with.
Having appeared on various variety shows and shared sets, the group had developed a natural camaraderie. They all knew how to navigate these interactions effortlessly.
The program team had also provided scripts and prompts in advance. As long as the celebrities delivered a few buzzworthy lines to generate headlines and boost their trending status, that would suffice.
After sitting down, Charles couldn't shake the feeling of nervousness. His heart raced, and his thoughts felt scattered.
This was a live broadcast, and the recording was set to last three hours. Yet his mind kept drifting to the phone he had handed Freddie earlier. Who had called him so urgently?
He couldn't leave the recording site, but when the camera wasn't focused on him, he stole a glance toward the audience. Freddie, who should have been seated there, was conspicuously absent.
"Is something on your mind? Or do you think today's scripts aren't up to your standards?" a male actor, Drogo Snee, asked. He was seated next to Charles.
It was then that Charles realized who was sitting beside him. They had worked together on a recent project, though they didn't have many scenes together and weren't particularly close.
He gave a polite smile. "The scripts are fine. I'm just thinking about which one I can pick."
"Haha, same here. I've been wondering which one I'll get to perform," Drogo replied with a chuckle.
Charles wasn't the type to enjoy small talk, especially with people who seemed overly calculated. A few sentences to maintain appearances were all he was willing to offer before withdrawing. 
Today, however, his thoughts were elsewhere, and his emotions felt unusually unsettled.
Meanwhile, Harvey had just stepped out of his office.
The house he found a few days ago was still under renovation. He had been discussing the renovation details and hiring staff with a few of his classmates.
He had just gotten into the car and was about to drive off when someone knocked on the window.
"Harvey, check out his news! It's trending. The person they're talking about... is that you? I remember you said you had two brothers, and Charles is a celebrity, right?" Linden handed his phone through the window. 
S
"Trending?" Harvey was confused. Charles trending wasn't unusual, but it usually had nothing to do with him or their family.
Frowning, he took the phone and tapped on the trending topic to read the details.
As soon as he saw it, his face went pale.
Noticing his reaction, Linden grew concerned. "Is everything okay? Could this be fake news? Maybe some competitors saw you starting your own business and are trying to ruin your reputation. Should we hold a press conference or call in a lawyer? We'll make sure to handle this." 
###chapter1524
 
Harvey handed the phone back to Linden. "Some of this is true, but most of it is pure nonsense. This person is even more shameless than I imagined!"
Linden and Dale exchanged glances at the mention of truth and lies intertwining.
Seeing the anger on Harvey's face, they realized the situation was more complicated than it seemed. In today's world, people loved to sit on their moral high horses, especially when the situation didn't affect them personally.
From behind their keyboards, they acted self-righteous, quick to pass judgment. Yet, they never considered how it would feel to be on the receiving end of such scrutiny.
"Is the sick girl really your sister?"
Harvey snorted coldly. "I only have one elder sister. I don't have a younger sister."
Skylar was the first to get the news. Paul had specifically called to update her.
"They've hired a lot of reporters to create a moral narrative. They think that since both Charles and Harvey are public figures, they won't be able to withstand the pressure. They've even spent money to make it viral."
Skylar took a deep breath. "Can we suppress the trending topics?"
Paul answered firmly, "We can, but the damage has already started. Even if we suppress them, Charles and Harvey will still face backlash. Steven is likely to be affected as well.
"There are already people causing trouble at Steven's workplace, and Charles is currently filming a variety show. Someone there is probably making it difficult for him, too. It's a live broadcast."
Upon hearing Paul's words, Skylar understood the situation was more complicated than expected. She carefully reviewed everything Finn and his current wife, Miriam Nicholson, had told reporters. Their statements painted a pitiful narrative from beginning to end.
They only mentioned their daughter being sick and needing Steven and the others to help with the compatibility test. They even kneeled before the reporters, asking for Steven's forgiveness.
They also claimed that their daughter was innocent and described her as kind and obedient.
What they didn't mention was asking for kidney donations.
Skylar immediately called Steven, but he didn't answer. Then she called Charles, but it was Freddie who picked up the phone.
Worried that the news might reach Janine, she quickly briefed her on the situation, assuring her that everything would be handled. Next, she called Harvey.
Harvey had matured significantly
and didn't lose his composure. "Skylar, don't worry about us. From the moment Finn came to us, I was prepared for this. Trying to guilt-trip us with moral coercion? They don't even deserve it." 
Skylar replied directly, "Their daughter has kidney failure and needs a transplant."
Hearing this, Harvey exploded in anger. "What? Do they expect us to donate our kidneys? The audacity! A few days ago, Finn was going on and on about how it was just a small favor.
"Forget a kidney-I'm not even willing to donate bone marrow! A person can't live the same life after losing a kidney. Does he think we're idiots?" "I'm heading to the television station to check on Charles. You go see how Steven is doing," Skylar instructed calmly.
Harvey took a few deep breaths to calm his rage before responding, "Got it."
They split up to tackle the situation.
Meanwhile, Finn and Miriam went straight to the hotel upstairs to rest after their press conference. Both were utterly drained. Kneeling and putting on such a dramatic show in front of so many people had sapped a great deal of energy.
After washing her face and
scrubbing away the sticky remnants of fake tears, Miriam looked at Finn sitting silently on the couch. "You're starting to feel guilty, don't you? You're worried about your three sons, aren't you?" 
"I—" Finn began, lifting his head to speak.
Miriam cut him off. "They're all perfectly healthy, but our daughter is lying in a hospital bed, waiting for us to save her! We only have one option. If even one of them is a match, our daughter can be saved.
"It's just a kidney. It's not like we're asking for their lives. If buying one illegally wasn't impossible right now, do you think I'd bother with them? A kidney isn't worth much anyway. I'll give them several hundred thousand dollars afterward. That should more than cover it." 
###chapter1525
 
Finn nodded. "We'll offer them two more houses."
Miriam's face twisted with disdain. "Does a kidney cost that much? Are they really that greedy? Besides, they're your sons. They should do whatever you tell them to! Asking one of them to give Ruth a kidney is already a privilege for them. They're from the countryside how could they ever compare to Ruth?
"The reporters I brought in today will definitely help us. Soon, they won't have a choice but to agree. We might not even have to pay them a dime. Plus, there's a family mediation show reaching out to us.
"By the time that airs, they'll be begging us to take one of their kidneys. Who knows, I might not even want it then."
Miriam couldn't stand how Finn still seemed to care about his other sons. Although several hundred thousand dollars or even two houses wouldn't mean much to their family, giving it away for nothing felt absurd.
Miriam simply couldn't tolerate the idea, especially when it was for the sons of Janine, that woman from the countryside.
They had the chance to take her goodwill before, but they threw it back in her face. Miriam was determined to show Janine how far she could go. 20 years ago, she had convinced Finn to abandon his family for her. Now, she would crush Janine all over again.
Finn pulled Miriam into his arms, his voice low and coaxing. "Don't get worked up. We've put so much effort into trending on social media. Everything's going to work out. Once Ruth recovers and is discharged, we can all go on a relaxing trip. There's no need to let them stress you out."
His words softened her anger, and Miriam sighed, the tension easing from her face. "You're right. They're not worth getting upset over. They're the ones who should be panicking now.
"Charles works in the entertainment industry. This could easily ruin his career. The other two would face blowback at their jobs too. To keep things under control, they'll definitely reach out to us.
"When that happens, don't agree to anything right away. Make them undergo full medical exams first. I don't want Ruth to end up with a defective kidney."
Finn nodded repeatedly. "Of course. I'll do whatever you say. As long as it helps Ruth, I'm all in. For now, let's rest. That press conference was exhausting."
Miriam leaned against his shoulder, finally appeased. "Alright, let's nap for a bit. The show's producers will probably contact us in about half an hour."
...
When her phone buzzed, Skylar was waiting for Charles to wrap up his show recording.
It was Natalie.
"I just checked the news, Skye. What's going on? The trending topics are saying that guy's your father?"
"It's my brothers' father. He's been showing up these past few days..."
Skylar gave Natalie a summary of the situation, including Finn's real motives.
After Skylar finished explaining, Natalie was stunned. "Is this guy for real? He told the press he just wanted them to check if they're a match, making it seem like his daughter had leukemia or something. But he's actually after a kidney?"
"Yeah, they have some nerve. Now they're not only desperately buying up trending topics and trying to ruin my brother's career, but they're also trying to guilt-trip them into donating." Skylar let out a light laugh.
Just a moment ago, Joe had asked
her how she planned to deal with these two people. Skylar felt that, the end, the decision wouldn't be
s to make. It would be unbe
Steven and the others, the ones who had been hurt, to decide what action totake. 
Natalie couldn't hold back her frustration and cursed, "How shameless! Don't worry. I'll call Hank right now. I'll get him to help us get in touch with some reporters. We'll buy up some trending topics and let everyone know the truth! Let's see if they can keep their dignity intact after that." 
"No need to do that yet. I've already had Paul handle some arrangements on my end," Skylar replied, feeling somewhat prepared.
Once Natalie heard that Skylar had
already made plans, she felt relieved. "When dealing with people like that, you can't show any weakness. You're right-what they did was immoral. After their daughter-falls ill, they should be reflecting on their actions instead of coming to force your brothers into this. 
"Don't even think about asking for an organ—not even a bone marrow! They've already hurt your mother and brothers enough. I saw the trending topics; not a single one of them has even admitted they were wrong.
"Instead, they said your brother was heartless. I can't take it anymore. Fine, I'll hire some online online influencers myself to trash them. I can't stand not doing anything about it."
After speaking with Skylar, Natalie immediately set to work. Fortunately, she knew some people who could help, and she had no trouble finding a team of online influencers to get the job done.
She was determined to make them regret it. She hated people like them-rotten to the core, with no morals whatsoever.
###chapter1526
 
After finishing her phone call with Natalie, Skylar turned her attention back to Charles' live stream variety show. Most of the actors had completed their performances, and the show was nearing its conclusion.
Just as things were wrapping up, an incident broke out on the live broadcast. A person rushed onto the stage, snatched the microphone from the host, and aimed a direct accusation at Charles.
"Charles! Is what they're saying on the trending topics true? That your sister is sick and needs your help, but you're too scared to go to the hospital, so you refused?
"I've watched you play all these bold, righteous characters. I thought you were like them-someone with true integrity. Turns out you're not only a coward but completely heartless! Are you going to stand by and let someone lose their life?"
The entire venue fell silent after the outburst. The host was too stunned to take control of the situation or reclaim the microphone.
All eyes turned to Charles.
For a brief moment, Charles looked startled, but he quickly regained his composure and realized what was happening. This was clearly about the trending topic, likely something involving the hospital.
He glanced toward Freddie, who was seated in the audience. Freddie's expression had been off since he had taken his seat two hours earlier but now looked even graver.
This was yet another mess orchestrated by his so-called father.
Charles picked up the microphone and spoke with remarkable calmness. "Let me respond to this right now. I don't know the person you're referring to. As many of you have already known, my biological father passed away in an accident 20 years ago.
"My mother raised me and my siblings on her own, enduring countless hardships. As for the truth behind these accusations, I'm confident everyone will find out soon enough."
His response was measured, his
tone composed. The person who et
had rushed the stage appeared momentarily stunned into silence. 
The host finally snapped out of their daze, retrieved the microphone, and hurriedly wrapped up the broadcast as directed by the show's producers. 
Watching this unfold on her screen, Skylar frowned deeply.
Roughly ten minutes later, her phone rang. It was Charles.
"Skye, the recording has finished. I'm heading out. Let's talk when we meet."
"Alright," she replied.
...
Harvey first went to Steven's company, but when he didn't find him there, he headed to Steven's house.
Ringing the doorbell, he was greeted by a sleepy-looking Mona. Harvey asked urgently, "Is Steven still asleep?"
Mona nodded. "He worked all night
and only came back this
He's still
d to talk to him?" you
sleeping. Come
to
belongs to 
et
It was rare to see Harvey looking so agitated, and Mona's drowsiness quickly vanished.
Harvey frowned and said, "Mona, Steven can't keep sleeping. Something's happened. Please wake him up."
###chapter1527
 
No wonder Harvey had been calling Steven repeatedly and not getting a response.
Within a few minutes, Steven emerged from his room. His face still showed traces of drowsiness, and his hair was slightly damp, suggesting he had splashed water on it to wake himself up.
Steven turned his gaze toward Harvey, whose expression was cold and distant. "What happened?"
Harvey's tone was sharp as he explained, "Our dear father-the one who had abandoned us, held a press conference. He's spreading lies about us, painting us as heartless villains to guilt us into going to the hospital for a compatibility test.
"Of course, he left out the part where he walked out on us. Every word he said was aimed at ruining us."
Having a father like that was truly a curse.
At that moment, Harvey couldn't help but wish the man would just drop dead. He wondered why the accident hadn't been real.
Steven's face froze for a moment before his expression turned equally grim. Mona picked up her phone as Harvey spoke and began scanning the trending topics.
Her expression darkened as she scanned the list, noticing several headlines about the situation dominating the feed. Her hands trembled slightly, and she exclaimed, "Unbelievable! They're practically trying to force you into the hospital!"
Harvey gritted his teeth as he spoke, "Go to the hospital? No way! Even if someone put a knife on our necks, we wouldn't do it. Do they think we're so easily bullied?
"Trying to guilt-trip us? They've severely underestimated us. This time, I'll make sure they regret it!"
Steven's voice was calm but laced with menace. "I feel the same way. We'll handle this together, but we need to strategize."
Then he looked at Mona. "Don't worry about this. We'll manage. Go back and get some rest. Harvey and I will go to Charles' place. We need to resolve this once and for all."
Mona nodded. "Alright, I'll go rest. If there's anything I can do to help, let me know."
Though anxious, she understood there wasn't much she could do right now. Besides, she knew Steven and the others wouldn't let themselves be manipulated so easily.
What she could do now was rest and ensure Steven wouldn't have divided his attention worrying about her. With the situation spiraling out of control, they needed all their energy to tackle it. 
...
Harvey,
et
soon arrived at Charles' at Charles' residence. Charles 'didn't waste time and e
grabbed two bottlekylar inven, Charles, and Skylar
two bottles of beer. en.kikistoriem
"I'm parched. Let me take a few sips first."
His mood was terrible, and he needed a drink to steady himself.
Harvey walked over to the table and grabbed a drink. "I'll have some too."
Steven rubbed his temples and glanced at them. "Now they've gone and found another production crew to record a show."
"Let them make a scene. Let's see how long they can drag this out." Charles sneered.
When Finn first appeared, Charles
et
had briefly hoped that he might genuinely regret his actions and seek their forgiveness. He thought that if that were the case, Finn might finally stop being so hostile toward him. 
But now...
UMS
What a surprise. He had been trying to destroy them all along.
This wasn't the way a father should act toward his son. It felt more like the approach of an enemy.
"I've already dug up some things and hacked into their company. I meant what I said-I will destroy them!" Harvey's expression darkened. A young man fresh out of school with fiery passion would do whatever it took. Skylar pulled out a document from her bag. "All of you should take a look at this."
###chapter1528
 
The document contained details about Finn's daughter and records of Finn and Miriam's business dealings over the years.
Most of this information had been sourced by Paul, but Harvey had hacked into their company, which meant there might be more damning evidence to uncover.
When Harvey declared his intention to destroy them, it wasn't just empty talk.
Steven grabbed the document first, flipping through its pages. Charles joined him, sipping his drink while reading over Steven's shoulder. As they read, their expressions grew darker.
Charles clenched his teeth tightly, cursing, "Damn it!"
Steven's eyes were filled with fury. "They want our kidneys?"
"What do you mean? What kidneys?" Harvey asked, setting aside his laptop. He walked over, snatching the document from Steven's hands. When his eyes fell on the contents, they widened in disbelief.
"They want us dead! Who gave them the audacity to do this? I wasn't planning to go this far, but if that's what they want, I'll grant their wish," Harvey said furiously.
He immediately pulled out his phone, barking orders, "Do exactly what we just discussed-release their company's criminal records online. Also, post the photos of Miriam in the hotel with that man.
"And Finn's? Release those too. Give me a few minutes, and I'll get Charles to send the money to get everything in motion."
Charles' hands shook as he held his phone, his mind racing. Hearing Harvey's words, he asked directly, "Will 10 million dollars be enough?"
"If it isn't, I'll throw in another 10 million," Skylar chimed in, seizing the opportunity.
She and Joe had just discussed the situation. Each of her brothers, as did Harvey, had their strengths. While Joe's connections could help turn things around, they had to decide how to handle this mess tactfully.
Steven, his face somber, said, "We need to keep Mom out of this. I plan to talk to Mr. Read and have him take Mom abroad for a vacation. When things calm down, they can come back.
"This disgusting mess is ours to deal
with. Mom has already been
deceived by Finn, losing her youth and working so hard all these years. She's suffered enough. There's no need for her to endure some harassment." 
"Good call, Steven. Mom going on a trip now is the best option. Otherwise, who knows what kind of chaos they'll stir up by dragging her into this," Skylar agreed quickly.
Although Steven and the others were the primary targets of Finn and Miriam's schemes, which even made it onto the trending news, Skylar believed Janine suffered the most.
After all, Janine was deeply hurt-20 years of her life had been spent with a man who had deceived her entirely. If she had married someone else back then, she wouldn't have endured so much hardship.
Although the show was pre-recorded, clips from the recording were released due to the trending online buzz, keeping the topic alive for the entire day.
Finn and Miriam played their roles
perfectly, presenting themselves as heartbroken, desperate parents worried about their sick child. Their exhausted and tearful expression's weren't entirely an act; they truly wanted to save their daughter. 
They cried and begged on the show, their voices trembling as they pleaded, "Please! You three are her only hope. She's so young, and all we're asking is for you to go to the hospital for a compatibility test.
"If you go to the hospital and get tested, we'll give you whatever you want as long as it's within our power to do so. Please, I'm begging you-she can't wait much longer!"
Anyone who was a parent would feel a pang in their heart watching that scene.
Watching this, Miriam smiled smugly and said to Finn, "The recording turned out great. I had someone send out the clip. Let's see if public opinion doesn't drown them."
Finn nodded in approval. "The production team even said they'd help contact Steven and the others later. They'll try to persuade them on our behalf."
"It's been four hours since the
trending topic broke, and they still
haven't responded or called you. Such heartless people! I'd like to see how long they can hold out-let's see if they can withstand the storm of online abuse." 
###chapter1529
 
Finn's expression stiffened, and he furrowed his brows.
He couldn't explain why, but a sense of foreboding crept into his heart. Then, he glanced at his phone again, unwilling to give up.
There were no missed calls.
He had saved the contact information for Steven and the others, waiting for them to contact him. Yet, there had been no response since causing such a commotion at the press conference.
Not only had they failed to address the situation on public platforms, but they had also not bothered to call him.
The least they could do was admit their fault, right? If they apologized, things wouldn't look so bad.
"What are you thinking about?" Miriam turned her head and saw Finn looking somewhat lost in thought.
Instinctively, she assumed Finn might be reluctant to let go of his three sons. She had always been unhappy with Finn's past.
Seeing that Janine's three sons were now doing quite well only made her feel more uncomfortable. She even harbored a growing desire to see them all fall.
Why had they come to Jipsburg? They should've stayed in the countryside!
They should go back to their tough lives in the countryside. Otherwise, the grudge in her heart would never dissipate.
"We actually don't know enough about them. They've done well these past few years, and now that they aren't contacting us or speaking to any reporters.
"Could they have thought of a way to handle this?" Finn voiced his concern.
"Aren't you overestimating them? I grew up in Jipsburg and knew some influential people. They came to the capital from the countryside for college and have only been here for a few years. They have no background to speak of.
"Even if they're clever, there's no way they can turn things around. You really don't need to overthink this," Miriam said, her inherent disdain for Janine and her children evident.
She saw herself as naturally superior.
Finn felt her reasoning made sense. "You're right. We'll just wait for them to come to us."
"Just wait and see. They won't last
long. Not everyone can endure being targeted online and suffering public humiliation. It's a shame that Ruth still has to wait," Miriam said, her heart aching for her daughter 
swne
She was resentful that Janine's children were all so healthy despite being born in the countryside while her own daughter had to suffer from a difficult illness.
Finn sighed. "Ruth will be fine."
"If anything happens to Ruth, I won't spare those sons of yours!" Miriam said bitterly through gritted teeth.
Finn nodded to comfort her. "Not just you-I won't let them off either. Don't worry, they'll definitely come to beg us. And Ruth will be okay. She is such a good girl. Once she recovers, we'll take a family trip together and spend some happy times as a family." 
Miriam felt somewhat appeased. "Let's video call Ruth. I miss her. I wonder how she's doing today."
"I miss her too."
The couple immediately video-called their daughter, who was far away in Murida.
...
At Martin Group, Joe called Paul into his office after finishing his work.
"What's the situation now?"
Paul quickly gave a detailed report. "Harvey has found some
BUT
incriminating evidence against the other party and is looking for channels to release it. Mrs. Martin
said there's no need for me to intervene for now." 
Joe nodded. "If she says not to act, then hold off. Wait for her call."
"Understood."
...
Meanwhile, Ted had just checked in his luggage at the airport.
###chapter1530
 
When Ted walked over, he saw Janine's troubled face, her mind clearly elsewhere. She didn't look like someone on vacation. Ted sighed helplessly and smiled as he walked up to her. "Come on, let's head to security."
Janine snapped out of her daze and hummed a reply.
"Are you worried about the kids?" Ted asked gently.
Janine didn't think she was that transparent, but she didn't need to pretend everything was fine with Ted. So, she nodded.
"I saw the trending news. Things have blown up so much, and Finn definitely won't let it go easily.
"Steven and the others are still so young. I don't know if they'll be able to handle these dirty tricks. I really didn't expect Finn and his people to stoop so low."
The children once had a semblance of a father-child bond with Finn, but his actions had completely severed that.
Now, even the faintest bit of affection had been destroyed, leaving nothing but regret.
Ted chuckled. "Steven and the others are very capable. Even if we stayed here, we wouldn't be able to change much. Worse, we'd probably make them more anxious.
"Trust them—they'll turn things around. Soon enough, certain people will learn what it's like to face the consequences and how to behave properly." Besides, even if Steven and his siblings couldn't resolve things entirely, wasn't Joe there to help?
Janine smiled bitterly. "I know all that in theory. I just can't help but worry."
"Relax. Let's treat this trip as our honeymoon. We've planned this for so long but kept postponing it because of everything else.
"Now, there's nothing holding us back. We can finally enjoy a vacation that's just for the two of us," Ted said softly.
Janine's worries lessened a little at that.
"Since I promised to come along, I'll make sure we have fun. I'll even post more updates on my social media account," Janine said, regaining her usual self.
Seeing her calm down, Ted smiled and nodded. "That's the Janine I know. I haven't posted anything on my social media account for some time too. Maybe it's time to show off and spread some love."
Over the years, he'd seen so many others flaunt their relationships. Now, it was finally his turn.
The two exchanged smiles, holding hands as they headed to the security checkpoint together.
Half an hour later, Skylar saw a photo that Janine shared in their family group chat.
It was a picture of Janine and Ted together, both smiling happily.
"Have a great trip!" she replied.
Soon after, Steven and the others added their own well-wishes too.
ne
The four siblings were eating dinner together. Skylar and Steven had cooked up a full spread. So, they also shared a photo of their meal in the chat. 
The siblings all had smiles on their faces.
On the plane, Janine saw the photo as she was about to turn off her phone. A deep sense of relief
washed over her. She was smiling
brightly as she showed the image to Ted. 
"The kids can take care of
themselves now. Look at this-they
won't
let anything, no matter how big, stop them from enjoying a meal. 
UMS
"Just look at that table of food. It's making me drool even through the screen."
"They inherited your skills," Ted teased.
To him, Janine was equally adept at managing a household and dazzling in social settings. Most importantly, he loved her cooking.
No Bichelin-starred chef could compare to Janine's cooking in his eyes. Eating her meals always gave him a sense of pure happiness. The two looked at each other, their eyes sparkling with warmth.
Meanwhile, Charles had just devoured four or five ribs in quick succession.
As he reached for another one, his phone rang. It was his manager, Freddie.
He glanced at his three siblings, who were still eating. "I'll take this call. Save me two ribs."
###chapter1531
 
The other three ignored Charles.
All of them had loved eating ribs since they were kids, and today's ribs were especially delicious.
Harvey quickly grabbed two pieces while he had the chance.
His action made Charles' mouth twitch. After glaring at Harvey, he answered the phone.
"Is the company planning to suspend my work? You can agree on my behalf. I could use the break. If the company wants to terminate my contract, I'm fine with that too," Charles said nonchalantly.
And he truly was nonchalant. These messy rumors meant nothing for the moment.
It wouldn't take long for the truth to come out, exposing the true faces of those stirring up trouble.
"The company did say to give you a few days off. The public may not understand you, but I do. And so does the company. We know this is probably the other side trying to create a buzz. But... is that man really your father?" Freddie asked.
Charles didn't deny it. "Biologically, yes. But he abandoned my mom and us for over 20 years and didn't raise me. So, you tell me does he really count as my father?"
"Got it. I'm working on a PR strategy. Earlier, when you were questioned on the live stream, the footage was broadcast in real-time, making this a tricky situation to handle. I'll figure something out," Freddie said, clearly taking his role seriously.
Charles replied, "No need for PR. Leave it alone. The company doesn't need to intervene either. This will all be resolved soon-just wait." Freddie hesitated. "Are you... eating?"
"Yeah, having dinner. If there's nothing else, I'll hang up. Gotta get back to the table before all the ribs are gone. Honestly, the other dishes are almost finished too."
Freddie was speechless. How could he still have the appetite to eat with all this going on? Was Charles really so good at handling stress? Any other artist would've been panicking by now, pacing back and forth in anxiety. Heck, Freddie himself hadn't managed to eat a bite all day.
It seemed like he was more worried than the person involved.
Unaware of Freddie's internal struggle, Charles carried on with his meal. Even if the sky fell, it couldn't stop him from eating.
"Why don't all of you just stay the night? It's been ages since we had dinner and chatted together like this," Charles suggested.
Since they'd grown up, everyone had gone their own ways-working, studying, getting married. It was hard for them to gather as a family.
Skylar checked the time and said, "I'm heading home. Joe will be picking me up in ten minutes."
"I need to go too. Your sister-in-law is pregnant, and I don't feel comfortable leaving her home alone," Steven added.
Harvey grinned at Charles. "Charles, looks like it's just us two bachelors left. Let's chat and strategize—how many more trending topics should we buy?"
Charles' mouth twitched in
exasperation. "This is exactly why I don't want to get married. Look how tied down they are! Fine, the two of us can drink and talk tonight We don't need them." 
As soon as he finished, Steven smacked him on the head. "Watch your mouth, and don't lead Harvey astray."
Charles winced, rubbing his head.
"Harvey's too sharp for me to
corrupt I'm just speaking the truth! Besides, most young people these days don't want to get married. 
"You and Skylar were lucky to find good partners, but that doesn't
mean the two of us will. And
anyway, Harvey just graduated-he should focus on his career. The
fewer women, the fewer problems."
"Charles, maybe Harvey already has a girlfriend," Skylar teased with a smile. She knew that plenty of girls had pursued Harvey during his time at university.
Harvey quickly protested, "I don't have a girlfriend! And I don't plan to date anyone for the next few years."
During his time in university, he'd seen too many superficial girls, leaving him a little allergic to the idea of having a girlfriend.
Deep down, he felt Charles had a point.
###chapter1532
 
Harvey felt that finding a girlfriend or getting married was all about luck.
If one was unlucky and ended up with the wrong person, he would regret it. So, when it came to relationships, it would be wise to avoid unnecessary heartbreak if one could.
Charles gave Harvey a thumbs up. "As expected of my brother."
Skylar and Steven exchanged a glance, both feeling a bit exasperated. Those two probably just weren't at the right age yet.
When they truly met someone they loved someday, all these bold declarations would become meaningless words.
As soon as Skylar and Steven left, Charles pulled Harvey aside. "Be honest with me. You're telling me you really didn't have a girlfriend in college? Or are you just embarrassed to admit you broke up?"
Harvey sighed, exasperated. "No girlfriend. I was busy and have no time for a girlfriend."
"Fair enough. Between studying, gaming, and competing, you probably really didn't have much free time," Charles agreed but still looked skeptical. "But listen, you look like me too handsome for your own good. There's no way you won't have people clinging to you in the future.
"When that happens, if you like a girl, just tell me. I'll help you vet her. Your brother here is an expert at spotting manipulative girls. I guarantee you won't get tricked by some gold digger."
Harvey's mouth twitched. He was beginning to regret not leaving with Steven and Skylar. "Charles, I'm not stupid."
Anyone trying to deceive him would find it a tough task.
"You've just graduated from college, so you haven't seen much yet. Trust me on this," Charles said confidently.
He himself had been steadfast these past few years, determined not to get involved in relationships.
Harvey didn't bother responding. He knew Charles too well. He might be all talk about avoiding marriage now, but one day, he could very well get married in secret without a word. 
Harvey looked at his phone and said, "The public opinion is already starting to shift. Do you want to see their daughter's photo?"
"No, I'm not curious about her.
Besides, this whole mess was
stirred up by Finn and Miriam. It has
little to do with her. It's best if she
just remains a stranger to us.
noel?
There's no need to know too much about her," Charles replied,
uninterested. 
He was just an ordinary person with his own priorities and preferences. They wanted him to donate a kidney to a complete stranger he'd never met, but it was impossible.
He would do it in a heartbeat if it were for someone he loved and cared deeply about. But for anyone else? Not a chance.
Harvey nodded. "You're right; there's no need to know too much about her."
At 10:00 pm, the night had become silent, and traffic on the roads had thinned out.
Finn and Miriam had just finished showering and were getting ready for bed when the phone rang.
The loud ringtone startled both of them.
Miriam immediately urged Finn,
"Answer it quickly! They must have finally caved and called you. But seriously, why call now of all times? They didn't call earlier but instead disturbed us at this hour!" 
"Alright!" Finn rushed to grab his phone from the bedside table, visibly excited. He'd been waiting all day.
Even while he was showering earlier, his heart had been racing, worried that something unexpected might happen.
###chapter1533
 
Finn felt relieved that his son finally called him.
But he frowned when he picked up his phone and saw the caller ID on the screen.
"Why are you staring at your phone and not answering the call?" Miriam, noticing Finn's hesitation, asked with some confusion.
Finn frowned and said, "It's not them. It's Hendrix Watts."
"Hendrix? Why is he calling you? There's so much going on at the company recently and neither of us has been there. What's he calling you for instead of focusing on work?" Miriam frowned as well.
They paid him a million annually. How could it be that he couldn't manage the company? It seemed like Hendrix wasn't very capable. The million- dollar salary was probably too much for him.
Annoyed, Finn answered the phone and asked bluntly, "It's so late. What is it?"
"Mr. Sullivan, have you checked the trending topics?" Hendrix asked urgently.
Finn's frown deepened. "Since when do you have the time to pay attention to this nonsense?"
"It wasn't me. It was the other employees who saw them," Hendrix explained anxiously.
But Finn didn't want to hear it. "Don't pay too much attention to what's trending online. Tell them not to focus on these things. Even if they see it, they shouldn't post any comments online."
His and Miriam's identities weren't suited to appear in many trending news stories, but they were willing to risk it for Ruth Sullivan. However, that didn't mean their employees had any right to criticize them.
Well, unless those employees didn't want their jobs anymore.
net
He was already dissatisfied with Hendrix's high salary. Now, with Hendrix calling at this hour, it only solidified his thought that Hendrix's pay should be reduced. 
AYOUT
Miriam, hearing Finn finish, reached out her hand and said, "Give me the phone. I'll talk to Hendrix."
So, Finn handed the phone over.
Miriam spoke impatiently, "There's so much work to do recently, yet you still have time for gossip? Don't you feel guilty for your high salary?"
"Ms. Nicholson, you misunderstood.
The reason I'm calling is not only to
online
inform you that the curre
rumors are damaging to the
company but also to let you
et
that Thave already submitted my resignation to HR. 
"I'm forfeiting this month's salary and I won't be going to the company tomorrow.
"Ms. Nicholson, Mr. Sullivan, just take care of yourselves," Hendrix's tone turned cold.
He had long been dissatisfied with the company and the couple. He had put up with them previously because of the salary.
Now that the company was clearly heading downhill, he had no reason to stay Besides, his instincts told him that if he didn't leave now, he might end up getting dragged into trouble, too. 
Miriam and Finn were both too despicable and cunning. After all these years, they still hadn't won anyone's loyalty.
As soon as Hendrix finished, he hung up the phone.
Miriam, stunned by the abrupt disconnection, widened her eyes in disbelief.
She didn't expect Hendrix, who usually worked under their watchful eyes, to hang up first-and even say he was resigning.
###chapter1534
 
"Is Hendrix talking about today's trending topics? Who gave him the guts to interfere in our affairs? Does he think he can teach us how to handle things?" Finn asked angrily.
Miriam felt uneasy and slowly shook her head. "He's not trying to meddle in our affairs. He wants to resign."
"Resign? He calls at this time to resign? Is he using his resignation to pressure you into raising his salary? He's already earning over a million a year, and he's still not satisfied? Isn't that too greedy?" Finn's anger flared up immediately.
Miriam felt a heavy weight on her chest. "He said he doesn't want this month's salary and won't come to work tomorrow. He doesn't sound like he's asking for a raise."
"He's picked the perfect time, knowing that we're too busy to be distracted! He might not have said it outright, but he's trying to force us to raise his salary. His greed knows no bounds. People like him have no future in the workplace," Finn sneered coldly.
Miriam frowned deeply. "He said the trending topics are bad for our company."
Finn laughed as if he had heard a joke. "Bad for our company? How is that possible?
"Right now, everyone is talking about how much we love our daughter, and all their criticism is directed at Steven and the others. Under these circumstances, what could be bad?"
The only downside was probably that his relationship with Steven and his siblings was truly over. From now on, they might no longer acknowledge him as their father.
But he didn't feel sad about it. When he left 20 years ago, he had already made peace with the fact that they would have nothing to do with him for the rest of his life.
Besides, what kind of bond could he have with children who didn't grow up by his side? He would rather focus on being a good father to Ruth.
"You're right. Hendrix is really out of line. I'll contact a headhunting company to find someone new. I wasn't very satisfied with Hendrix anyway, so now is the perfect time to replace him," Miriam said, nodding, putting the matter out of her mind.
She immediately dialed a number. But no one picked up.
Then, she dialed again. This time, someone answered.
"Mr. Faulkner, I'm not satisfied with Hendrix. Please help me find a replacement. Preferably someone who can start work directly in the next couple of days," Miriam said.
"Ms. Nicholson, I'm truly sorry, but I can't work with you right now. When you get through this crisis, give me a call.
"However, let me just say
this-Hendrix is very capable, and many companies are trying to recruit him. They readily offered him two million dollars in annual salary, yet he still turned it down.If he couldn't satisfy you, I don't think anyone else can." 
Miriam was about to say something when the call was abruptly disconnected.
After being hung up on twice in one day, Miriam's face darkened completely. Seeing her expression, Finn immediately embraced her.
"How dare they hang up on me! Do they think just because I cried at the press conference that I can't handle the company? Isn't this just kicking someone when they're down?" Miriam said angrily. 
Finn comforted her softly, "If they're treating you like this because we cried in front of the press, then they're blind."
"They are blind!" Miriam bit her lip.
After calming down a bit, she picked up her phone and opened an app. "Let's check the trending topics and see if there's any bad press targeting me right now.
"Over the years, we've made some enemies. With so many competitors out there, it's possible someone is trying to stir up trouble at this moment. If my guess is right, I'll make sure they regret it." 
"That's a good idea. We haven't checked the trending topics since this afternoon. There might really be some new voices out there now," Finn said, now calm and analytical.
It was all Steven and the others' fault—if they had agreed earlier, none of this would have happened.
"This... How is this possible?"
###chapter1535
 
When Miriam saw that the top trending topics were all exposing scandals about her and the company, she was completely stunned.
She thought her eyes were playing tricks on her, so she read it over again, just to be sure. She opened each trending topic carefully and examined the content word by word.
Seeing Miriam's pale face and her shocked expression, Finn's heart sank. "What's wrong? Is someone really trying to smear us?"
There were all kinds of people in business. Everyone would do anything to achieve their goals. Most of the time, it depended on who acted faster and more ruthlessly.
Miriam muttered repeatedly, "It's over. Everything's over... How could this happen? How is this possible..."
"Don't scare me. What's going on?" Finn was startled and quickly looked at the phone in her hands. The screen was still lit, and the content was clearly visible.
When Finn saw what was on the screen, he was stunned. Just like Miriam, his face filled with shock. "Who leaked this information to the media? How do they know Ruth needs a kidney transplant? And how do they know so much about our company's affairs?
"This was a planned setup! Someone has been watching us all along!"
"It's over. We're done. My company is finished! There are so many trending topics accusing us of guilt-tripping. Steven and the others have even publicly stated that they have no relationship with us and have no intention of donating a kidney.
"And the things I've done in the past-someone has already published the evidence. The police might come looking for me soon. How did it come to this?" Miriam's legs gave way, and she collapsed onto the bed.
Just a few hours ago, she had been so confident, waiting for Steven and the others to beg her. She even thought Janine would continue to be defeated by her.
But in just a matter of hours, everything had fallen apart!
The reality before her felt like a nightmare-her own nightmare.
Finn's face also turned ashen. "Someone is targeting us deliberately! Who could it be? We were so careful with what we did someone must have secretly collected this evidence. 
"And we have people specially looking after Ruth in Murida. How did people here find out about Ruth's situation? Someone must have investigated us in advance!"
The more he thought about it, the paler Finn's face became. An unprecedented fear enveloped him.
...
By the next morning, the situation had completely escalated. People across all platforms were questioning Finn and Miriam.
Steven and his two brothers had not appeared publicly or provided any explanations about the matter. They only issued a unified statement in response to the situation.
However, even though they remained silent, the inte exploded with outrage against Finn and Miriam.
Many people even accused Finn of
faking his death 20 years ago to abandon his wife and children. Others called Miriam an immoral homewrecker who dared to demand someone else's organs. 
Former employees of their company also seized the opportunity to come forward and accuse Miriam of being harsh, arrogant, and treating employees like personal slaves.
Some even said that the couple were birds of a feather.
But all of that wasn't the worst. The final blow came in the form of news about Miriam's infidelity.
There was irrefutable evidence that Miriam had secretly supported three or four young men, some of whom were college students just entering university-barely a few years older than Ruth. 
Some were even younger than Harvey.
"How could you do this? Haven't I treated you well? How could you keep other men and make a fool of me!" Finn roared at Miriam furiously.
###chapter1536
 
Miriam looked at the veins popping on Finn's forehead and, for a moment, she didn't know how to defend herself. Since last night, things had been unfolding one after another, each one completely beyond her control.
All of the company's partners had stopped collaborating with them. Some were even threatening to sue them.
The police had just called her, asking her to go to the station to assist with an investigation. Everything was collapsing at once.
Now that Finn had discovered she had boy toys, Miriam felt numb. "So what if I have some boy toys? You're getting old and can't satisfy me anymore. Young men are full of energy-I like that! Don't act all high and mighty. I know you've got other women outside too."
"I have women? What women? You're the only one I've ever had!" Finn roared.
The humiliation made him snap. He had been willing to break ties with his sons just to keep this family together, but Miriam had been cheating on him with not just one man but several!
Miriam slapped Finn across the face. "Do you think I didn't know? You've been fooling around with young starlets these past few years. Did you really think you could hide it from me?
"I didn't confront you because of Ruth. No matter what we do outside, this family just needs to stay intact! And don't forget, without me, you'd still be a poor farmer in the countryside! What right do you have to yell at me?"
"You-you-you!" Finn slapped her back.
"How dare you hit me!" Miriam touched her face, tasting blood in her mouth. Finn had hit her so hard.
This man, who had relied on her to get where he was, didn't comfort her during her darkest time. Instead, he had slapped her!
How had she ever fallen for this man all those years ago?
...
During her lunch break, Skylar happened to see some news and learned about Finn and Miriam's current situation.
The two of them were now too overwhelmed with their company's mess to bother Steven and the others anymore.
Their company was falling apart, and even the police were involved.
So, everyone passed the next few days peacefully.
Janine and Ted were having a great time. What was supposed to be a two-week vacation had turned into a month, and they planned to visit another country. 
They said it was their honeymoon. Skylar and the others fully supported it.
However, this peace didn't last long.
Miriam's company officially declared bankruptcy.
While she was under suspicion of criminal activity and the police were still gathering evidence, she and Finn fled the country!
Faced with massive debts, they ignored everything and ran off abroad to live a carefree life.
"They're really birds of a feather. The moment they had trouble, they ran away. They can forget about ever coming back to this country," Charles said.
In the group chat, Harvey added
et
sarcastically, "Let's not bring them up anymore. There's no need to think about them. They're just two irrelevant strangers. 
on't
Steven replied, "Exactly."
Then, Skylar casually added, "Should we start preparing for Mom and Ted's wedding when they come back?"
"Yes, yes, the wedding!"
...
But only a few days later, the two people they had almost forgotten reappeared.
This time, however, they weren't
et
alone-they had brought along an unfamiliar face. And instead of looking for Steven and the others, they went straight to Skylar 
###chapter1537
 
Skylar recently added some people to WhatsApp. Many were clients, while others were new colleagues.
However, she didn't expect one of them to be Ruth. Even more unexpectedly, Ruth actually video-called her.
It happened to be lunchtime, and since she was free, she accepted the call.
When the video connected, Skylar was slightly taken aback to see a girl wearing a hat, looking pale, staring at her through the phone screen. Ruth resembled her mother, though there was a faint trace of Finn's features in her eyebrows and eyes. However, she didn't look much like Steven or the others.
As Skylar looked at Ruth, she also looked back at her. Ruth's eyes were filled with surprise, admiration, and a well-hidden trace of jealousy.
"Skylar, I finally get to see you. I added you a few days ago but didn't dare say anything. Plus, I've been feeling unwell these days, so I didn't want to bother you."
Ruth's voice was weak, but she had a bright smile. It seemed this was her best condition in recent days.
Skylar was slightly puzzled by this unexpected video call. They were not biologically related after all.
"Hello," she said.
Ruth's eyes sparkled with
amazement as she looked at Skylar.
"Skylar, you're so beautiful, like a
movie star.
I've seen so many
1
celebrities, but none are as beautiful
tor
as you. If only I could look as pretty as you." Content belongs 
Skylar responded with a faint smile.
S
"I'm sure you're wondering why I called you like this. It's a bit abrupt, and I know I've disturbed you," Ruth said politely and cautiously as if afraid of saying the wrong thing. 
UMS
Skylar nodded and said, "I still have work. Please get to the point."
Seeing Skylar's indifferent attitude, Ruth felt a bit dissatisfied.
She didn't expect Skylar to feel no sympathy at all for her pale, weak condition while lying in a hospital bed.
Instead, Skylar had been cold from the start, speaking no more than 20 words in total.
"I know you probably don't like me
because of our parents' issues and that there are misunderstandings between us. But I just wanted to say, I've always wished I had siblings. 
"When I see others with siblings, I feel so envious. The moment I saw you, Skylar, I really liked you."
Skylar glanced at the time. "I need to end this call. I hope you recover soon."
"Wait!"
###chapter1538
 
Ruth anxiously stopped Skylar from hanging up the phone.
"Skylar, are you ending the call so quickly because you don't like me? Is it because of what Dad and Mom did to my brothers recently, so you don't like me either?
"I... I didn't mean for this to happen. I never wanted my illness to burden you. I didn't know they would bring reporters to pressure my brothers to save me."
"You're overthinking it. That matter is already over, and everyone knows who is right and wrong. If that was what you really thought, it shows that you're a kind-hearted person.
"Focus on recovering. I'm sure you'll find a suitable kidney donor at the hospital," Skylar's tone softened slightly.
At this point, why Ruth called was no longer important. Skylar decided to take the conversation at face value and assume Ruth genuinely felt that way.
Ruth bit her lip. Her eyes had turned red as she continued, "I also hope to find a suitable donor soon, but... well, let's leave it to fate. I just hope that, before I die, I can see my brothers and sister.
"Can you... I know my next request might be a bit too much, but can you persuade my brothers to come see me just once?
"Just one look, and I'll be satisfied. I can leave everything behind and go in peace."
She wanted them to see her in Murida?
Skylar smiled faintly. "Sorry, I won't be going. As for the others, you can ask your parents beside you to try to contact them. If they can't be reached, then it's best for everyone to live their own lives in peace. I need to get back to work. Goodbye."
With that, she ended the call and immediately deleted Ruth from her contacts while blocking her at the same time.
It wasn't that Skylar lacked compassion, but some people simply weren't worth keeping in contact with. She could only offer her best wishes.
Ruth tried to video call Skylar again, but she realized she had been blocked.
"She actually blocked me! I reached out to her, and after seeing how sick I am, she still had no sympathy. Dad, Mom, she's awful! I didn't like her from the moment I first saw her!"
Hiding nearby off-camera, Finn and Miriam immediately approached the hospital bed.
"She was never your sister anyway. Back when they switched the babies, she was no good to begin with. How could she have any compassion? "You're right not to like her! You shouldn't have called her today," Finn said, showing little interest in Skylar.
She wasn't his daughter anyway. Thinking back to how fond he once was of Skylar, he felt like he had wasted his sincerity back then.
Miriam gritted her teeth. "What a wretch! She knows perfectly well who she really is-she's not your daughter, and yet she dares to show such an attitude to Ruth!
"Ruth invited her to Murida, yet she refused to come! She even said everyone living their own lives peacefully is for the best.
"How is this the best? How is Ruth's situation in any way good? Why is she healthy while our Ruth is the one who's sick?"
Ruth bit her lip hard, her eyes filled with hatred. "Exactly! Why do I have to be the one who's sick? Why is Skylar so beautiful, healthy, and perfect? "And my brothers-I'm their only sister, but they don't care about me at all. Is it so hard for them to give me a kidney so I can survive?"
She didn't want to die. She was still so young, with so many dreams yet to be fulfilled.
She had been pampered and spoiled all her life, always getting what she wanted.
Why would the heavens give her this sick body? Why couldn't someone else have it instead? Why couldn't those who were beneath her fall ill instead?
"Ruth, you'll be fine! We're trying our best and should be able to get you a kidney transplant soon. It's just...a stranger's kidney won't be as good as one from your brothers," Miriam said bitterly. 
The more she thought about it, the more unwilling she felt.
What should have been such a simple matter had spiraled into a complicated mess. Now, she had to hide in Murida and might never have the chance to return.
et
She glared at Finn with resentment. "It's all your fault! If you'd been able to control your sons, Ruth might already have had the surgery and been ready to leave the hospital! Why does Ruth have to suffer while your sons are perfectly healthy?" 
"It's because you pushed things too far and forced them! If it weren't for that, all of this wouldn't have happened. We might still have had a chance, or at the very least, we could still be in Jipsburg," Finn retorted, equally dissatisfied with Miriam. 
S
###chapter1539
 
Ruth watched her parents arguing and covered her ears. "Can you stop fighting? Are you trying to anger me?"
Finn and Miriam's eyes were devoid of the affection they once had for each other.
Although that affection had long since eroded over the years, they used to pretend at least. Now, they no longer bothered to keep up the fa?ade. They simply couldn't.
Their minds were filled with thoughts of each other's deception and betrayal. They loathed one another.
"It's all their fault! Otherwise, we wouldn't have ended up like this!" Ruth yelled angrily.
Their family had once been so happy. Everyone she knew envied her, saying she was lucky to have loving parents and a good family background.
So many people admired her. But now she had fallen ill with this wretched disease, and her parents' marriage had fallen apart!
She had known about her brothers before, but back then, she thought their mother must not have been good enough. Why else would her father leave them and choose her own mother instead?
She had never cared for her brothers' love. She was the one and only precious person in her family, the one her parents adored the most. "Ruth, don't be upset. It's definitely their fault! Dad and I will figure something out. We'll make sure you get better! I won't let you suffer from this illness any longer," Miriam said.
Right now, her daughter was all that mattered to her, and she was willing to do anything for her.
Although Finn harbored resentment toward Miriam, it didn't stop him from caring about his daughter. After all, this was the daughter he had personally raised. They had a deep bond.
"Your mom is right. Just rest and focus on getting better. You don't need to worry about anything else. We'll make sure you get the healthiest kidney so you can go back to being the lively, happy girl you used to be."
Finn had also made up his mind. No matter what, he would cure Ruth. The daughter he cared for the most would not be taken away by illness. Once they coaxed Ruth to sleep, the couple stepped out of the hospital room.
Outside, they glared coldly at each other.
"Your good-for-nothing sons are so stubborn Did you see what just happened? When Ruth called them, they hung up on her as soon as she introduced herself. Their hearts are unbelievably cold! 
"And don't forget, they might have orchestrated our company's troubles. Otherwise, why would they have stayed silent the whole time?
"Finn, look at your sons! What kind
of father are you? Janine must have brainwashed them so thoroughly that they don't even acknowledge you as their father anymore! 
Miriam's hatred for Janine and her sons ran deep.
Finn's face darkened. "I'll try to contact Janine."
Half an hour later, Finn called Janine using a different number as his own had been blocked. He had no other choice.
As he anxiously wondered whether Janine would pick up, she finally answered after a few rings.
"Hello."
Janine's voice sounded cheerful, and the faint sound of wind in the background indicated that she was outside.
Although her voice was familiar, Finn
felt like Janine had become a
el.ne
complete stranger. She was no longer the woman he despised and abandoned 20 years ago. 
###chapter1540
 
Finn was momentarily stunned.
But he quickly regained his composure. After Janine said "hello" a second time, he hurriedly said, "It's me, Finn."
Janine fell silent immediately, her tone turning cold. "What do you want?"
Finn was momentarily taken aback. In his memory, Janine from 20 years ago had always looked at him with nothing but affection. She had never shown any signs of a spoiled attitude and was gentle and understanding.
If it weren't for poverty back then, he might not have left.
With a sigh, he said, "There's no need for things to be so strained between us. Some matters aren't as terrible as you think, and I'm not as bad as you thought. A lot has happened recently, and I think you might have misunderstood me."
"There's clearly nothing important. I'm hanging up. Don't call me again. You're just a stranger to me," Janine replied with the same icy tone.
Finn recalled their last meeting, which had also ended in hostility. Janine hadn't shown the slightest regard for him back then, either.
"Wait! I want to see you. Can you come to Murida? I want to talk face-to-face. These years have been hard on you, and I know I owe you," Finn said quickly.
He could tell that when Janine said she'd hang up, she meant it.
On Janine's end, when she heard Finn's words, it was as though she'd heard something absurd. "Murida? I wouldn't see you even if you were in Jipsburg, let alone in Murida."
"Who is it?" Ted asked.
Janine answered warmly, "A piece of garbage."
Then, she hung up the phone.
Finn stared at his phone in stunned silence. He kept looking at the screen where the call had been disconnected.
From Janine's tone, it was clear there was another man nearby-close enough that Finn could hear his voice distinctly.
Janine had a man!
Although he hadn't seen him, it was obvious that Janine and the man had a close relationship. He had never imagined Janine would be with someone else.
In his mind, Janine was a very conservative woman. Even though he had left 20 years ago, he had kept tabs on her.
He knew that Janine had always been single while raising the children. Ten years ago, there were even men who wanted to marry her, but she refused them all.
But that man just now...
The more Finn thought about it, the more unsettled he felt.
"What did she say? Did she hang up on you again? Or are you now regretting leaving her? Ha! Even if you are, it's useless. There's no chance between you two. Do you think she'd take you back?" Miriam sneered as she observed Finn's dazed expression. 
After so many years of marriage, they knew each other too well.
She immediately figured out that Finn was still thinking about Janine. Otherwise, he wouldn't look so utterly distraught.
Finn snapped back to reality. "Can you stop overthinking? How could I still be thinking about her? She won't even listen to me, let alone come to Murida. I think we should move somewhere else—maybe Askea."
Miriam frowned. "It's true that we can buy a kidney over there, but I don't trust them. What if there's a risk of infection or something worse I won't feel at ease. The best option is still one of your sons. 
swney
"They... I think that's impossible now. They have made it very
clear-they're just like Janine. They've completely cut us off. Besides, they don't need money. No matter how much we offer, they won't accept it," Finn said, his voice heavy with resignation. 
After speaking with Janine just now, he finally realized what had happened.
However, Miriam refused to give up. "I'll call Janine myself!"
###chapter1541
 
Finn wanted to stop her, but it was too late.
Miriam snatched the phone from Finn's hand, found the number, and dialed it using her own phone.
After a few rings, the call was connected.
"You're Janine, right? I'm Miriam Nicholson, Finn's wife. I have something to discuss with you." Miriam's tone was overbearing right from the start.
In her mind, it was an honor for Janine that she made the call herself.
Finn just watched silently from the side.
Ever since he realized that Janine had another man by her side, his mind had been in turmoil. He couldn't calm down.
Watching Miriam act so arrogantly now, a voice inside him said that Janine wouldn't give Miriam any face at all.
Miriam had grown used to being flattered over the years and probably assumed Janine should also pander to her.
Janine, however, responded icily upon hearing Miriam's introduction. "Are you two sick in the head?"
Anyone with even a slightly decent moral compass wouldn't be calling her. She just hung up on one, but the other called immediately. They were utterly shameless.
Miriam hadn't expected Janine to say this.
Realizing what Janine meant, she immediately shouted angrily, "Janine, how can you speak like that? The fact that I'm calling you means I'm willing to talk things through! Why are you so rude?"
"You want my sons' kidneys and still expect me to be polite? You two really are a perfect match-both equally delusional!" Janine, who had been enjoying her day, had her mood ruined by these back-to-back calls from Finn and Miriam.
"Your sons? Your sons are Finn's sons too! Since they're Finn's sons, they should listen to him. If Finn says they must give up a kidney, they must! "Why do your sons get to be healthy while my daughter suffers from illness? Why? It's not fair-it's so unfair!" Miriam shouted, venting all her frustration.
Janine laughed coldly, as if hearing the world's biggest joke. "Does Finn deserve to call himself their father? Their father's been dead for years." "Hand me the phone. Let me deal with them while you enjoy some dessert," Ted said softly to Janine.
These people, who were testing the limits of decency, weren't worth spoiling Janine's mood. No one had the right to threaten his woman. Janine hesitated for a moment before handing the phone to Ted.
Taking the phone, Ted spoke directly into it. "Miriam, is it? I know your father. He's currently living at the nursing home in the western part of Jipsburg, right?
"Back when he was in office, he embezzled funds from several projects. That matter was swept under the rug back then, but I think it's time to revisit
it."
"You-! Who are you? What's your relationship with Janine? How do you know about my father? Did Janine tell you something? I'm warning you, Janine is just a shameless woman. 
"The fact that her own husband abandoned her says everything. about what kind of terrible person she is. And you—you're actually defending her! Are you being fooled by her sweet words?" Miriam's voice was panicked. 
She never expected her family's secrets to be exposed like this. Moreover, this man was clearly protecting Janine. For the first time, Miriam felt unsettled.
"I'm Ted Read I want your father to call me within ten minutes to apologize if he doesn't, your family will be turned upside down again Even if you're hiding in Murida, & can make it so you won't be able to stay there either," Ted said before hanging up the phone. 
Miriam's face turned pale.
Finn, who had been absent-minded, noticed her sudden change in expression and panicked questioning.
He realized that something must have gone wrong, so he asked immediately, "Wasn't that Janine?"
Miriam turned to Finn and asked stubbornly, "Does Janine have someone else by her side now? That man isn't just some random nobody, is he? He's someone powerful, isn't he?"
###chapter1542
 
Finn frowned. "I don't understand what you're saying. It seems she does have someone else by her side."
"Just now, Janine only said two sentences, then a man named Ted Read took over the phone. He even threatened me, saying he knew things about my father. It didn't sound like an empty threat." Miriam's face was still drained of all color.
Finn still couldn't quite process it-Janine had another man, and this person threatened Miriam. But...
Why did his name sound so familiar? He believed he had heard it somewhere before.
"Ted Read?"
Miriam nodded. "Yes, that's the name."
"Wait, let me check." Finn suddenly remembered something and began searching online.
Miriam couldn't afford to let her guard down either. "I'll call my father."
Lately, she had driven the company to bankruptcy and hadn't dared to contact her father, but now she couldn't avoid it anymore-she had to make the call.
While Miriam was on the phone, Finn found some information about Ted online.
The moment he saw Ted's achievements and personal history, his emotions became a chaotic mess. How could this be possible?
The Janine he abandoned now had such an outstanding man by her side-someone whose abilities were completely out of Finn's reach.
No wonder Janine didn't even look
at him when he dressed up properly to see her. As it turned out, she had
someone like this by She had
No, that wasn't right.
BUMS
It must be someone with the same name. It couldn't be the same person.
The name Ted Read was very common. There was no way it was that Ted Read.
Yes, that must be it. Janine had four
DU”
children and was even married before With Ted's status, he could have any woman he wanted. Why would he go for Janine? 
As Finn kept trying to convince himself, Miriam suddenly ended her call, her face full of panic. She lashed out, slapping Finn. "Didn't you say Janine was nothing special? Just a plain woman from the countryside? Why would she be involved with Ted?
"My father said Ted's words were all true! He even scolded me like crazy and told me to apologize to Janine!" Miriam was livid. The woman she once thought of as a loser now stood above her, all because of a man! Meanwhile, the man she tried so hard to steal from Janine couldn't even hold against Ted. It could be said that there were only a handful of people like Ted in the entire Jipsburg! Finn was stunned. "It's really that Ted?" Janine was actually with such an exceptional man!
Suddenly, Finn felt an even stronger
bitterness. Janine was being unfaithful! They had four children together, yet she wasn't staying home to care for them. Instead she
went and found anothe nov
###chapter1543
 
A few minutes later, Janine received another call from Miriam. At almost the same time, Ted also got a call.
Janine glanced at Ted and listened to Miriam's obvious reluctance as she apologized over the phone.
The corners of her mouth lifted into a smile. Sometimes, a little pressure can be remarkably effective against despicable people. And being protected by someone felt wonderful.
She looked at Ted with a warm gaze, her heart swelling with gratitude.
Ever since being with him, no matter what challenges arose, she felt secure as long as he was by her side. Meeting him was truly a blessing for her.
Time flew by, and it was soon half a year later.
Something major happened in the Martin family-Ernest had passed away.
The circumstances of his death were somewhat ironic-he reportedly fell off his bed in the middle of the night, landing face down on the floor.
He remained in that position until morning. By the time he was discovered, he was already gone.
One might think the noise of someone falling would have been loud, yet none of his children or grandchildren, who lived in the same home, seemed to have heard a thing.
As a result, they missed the window to save him.
While preparing for Ernest's funeral, the Martin family was hit with successive misfortunes.
Several of Ernest's sons had accidents-some were in car crashes, others fell into rivers.
Although they were all rescued, each suffered severe injuries, and a few were diagnosed with late-stage cancer.
Meanwhile, Ernest's favorite grandson, Claudio, was found to be HIV positive. The news spread throughout Jipsburg almost as soon as he left the hospital.
To many in Jipsburg, the branch of the family tied to Ernest was utterly doomed.
Rumors began circulating, suggesting these calamities were the result of their association with cursed s.
The family had a penchant for collecting such items, allegedly using them to harm others, only to
end up being harmed the elves.
This wasn't baseless gossip. Household staff working in Avalon Residence were the most familiar with such occurrences.
In recent months, Jipsburg had seen a surge of cursed s.
Anyone harboring ill intentions and wanting to achieve their goals through illicit means had a chance to encounter these items.
During this time, Skylar frequently
encountered such cursed c
and
helped manyet
the troubles they caused.
belongs to 
It was a Sunday, and Skylar and Joe had a rare day off together. So, they decided to go hiking early in the morning.
Halfway up the mountain, Skylar received a call from Minerva.
Afterward, she and Joe changed their plans and went down to a restaurant at the foot of the mountain to meet Minerva.
Minerva had come alone.
Everyone had been busy for the past two months, leaving little time for private gatherings. This was the first time they'd met in two months. 
When Minerva saw Skylar and Joe walking hand in hand, she couldn't help but smile.
Seeing their stable and happy relationship brought her joy.
"Sorry for interrupting your date today," Minerva said apologetically.
Joe replied simply, "It's fine."
###chapter1544
 
Skylar reassured Minerva. "It's okay."
Life after marriage was blissful for Minerva. She and her husband complemented each other so well that anyone who saw them could sense the harmony in their relationship.
The strength of a bond often radiated like an invisible maic field-something tangible yet unseen, felt by those near the couple.
"It's like this," Minerva began. "My father-in-law hasn't been feeling well lately. He's had full-body check-ups at the hospital, but nothing serious has shown up..."
Skylar's expression grew serious as she listened to Minerva. Recently, Jipsburg had seen a troubling increase in negative items, and they seemed to be surfacing with alarming frequency.
Having encountered similar cases before, Skylar had a pretty good idea of what was happening after hearing Minerva's description.
Later, Skylar and Joe accompanied Minerva to her father-in-law's house, where Skylar dealt with the negative items.
On their way home that night, Skylar held a piece of talisman paper in her hand, her brow furrowed in thought.
Joe noticed her troubled expression. "Is there something wrong with the talisman?"
"There have been too many of these lately. They exploit people's greed, and it's causing a lot of harm," Skylar said, tearing the paper in half. As she tore it, she could feel a faint warmth at her fingertips.
"Greed is a part of human nature," Joe said softly, his tone almost philosophical.
Desire drove people. Some could resist their impulses and avoid shortcuts, but others succumbed to temptation. Step by step, they became slaves to their own greed. For many, these negative items offered the same comfort that others sought in prayer or blessings.
Skylar nodded thoughtfully and added, "Desire is endless, and so are these negative items. I have a feeling they will only increase. There are people who profit from them, so they won't disappear."
Joe replied, "Even without these negative items, people will find hical ways to get what they want."
Skylar turned to look at Joe, their eyes meeting. A quiet understanding passed between them.
Joe offered her a reassuring smile, and the weight on her heart lightened slightly.
"You're right," Skylar admitted. "I've been so focused on wanting these negative items to disappear that forgot... even without them, some people would still resort to
underhanded means." 
Skylar knew her role-to stop these negative items from harming people when she could. Beyond that, fate would take its course.
As they spoke, they arrived home. Last month, Skylar and Joe had moved back into Galaxy Villa.
Just as they entered, Skylar's phone rang. It was Charles.
Charles said, "Skye, I need to tell you something. That man contacted me today. He said he's divorced that woman and isn't pushing us to give Ruth a kidney anymore.
"He also said Ruth has already
received a kidney transplant and is recovering Now he's coming back to Jipsburg. He wants me to help arrange a meeting with Mom. He says he wants us all to be together again." 
S
Charles' tone carried disbelief, as though he still couldn't process what he'd heard.
Skylar was stunned. "Divorced? And he wants to see Mom? Didn't you tell him Mom married Mr. Read?"
In
Finn and Miriam's sudden divorce caught her off guard. For the past three months, they'd heard nothing from either of them. Skylar had assumed they'd remain hidden n Murida, far removed from their lives. 
But now, Finn wanted to come back. He wanted to reunite the family.
Skylar couldn't fathom what gave Finn the audacity to think he could return after everything he'd done.
Another thought struck her. Ruth had received a kidney transplant. She would survive.
Charles snorted coldly. "I already made it clear to him—we don't recognize him as our father. Whether he comes back or not has nothing to do with
"I also warned him not to disturb Mom's life. If he dares to cause trouble when he returns, I won't spare him! I haven't told Steven or Harvey yet." "Still, it's better to tell Mom and Mr. Read ahead of time. They need to be prepared," Skylar said after a pause, her tone firm.
us.
###chapter1545
 
Charles thought for a moment. "Alright, I'll tell them."
He then added, "I just have this feeling that he won't go away. I should probably inform Steven and Harvey as well, so everyone is prepared."
After ending the call with Charles, Skylar turned to find Joe watching her.
"Finn is coming back to Jipsburg. He wants to bother Mom again," Skylar said, furrowing her brow.
She didn't have many memories of Finn. When she was younger, Steven had told her bits and pieces about him. Back then, she'd imagined Finn as a good father who had simply been lost to an accident. But now, knowing the truth, she saw him for what he was selfish.
It was clear Finn had no intention of letting Janine live in peace.
Joe's gaze darkened. "There's no need to worry about someone like that. He won't be coming back."
Skylar raised an eyebrow. "Won't be coming back?"
Joe nodded firmly. "Your mom is my family too. If someone wants to ruin her happiness, they'll have to go through me first. I let him slip away a few months ago, but this time, I won't. Don't worry I won't let things get out of hand, especially since he's still Steven's and the others' biological father. Skylar understood immediately, and a sense of relief washed over her. She looked at Joe, her eyes shining with gratitude.
Joe pinched Skylar's nose gently. "Your period isn't over yet. Don't look at me like that."
The mention of her period made Skylar's face flush. "I don't know what you're talking about."
Joe smirked playfully. "Do you really not understand, or are you just pretending?" he thought to himself.
Skylar silently counted the days in her head. Two more days, and it would be over. Their brief abstinence would soon come to an end.
Charles had been busy filming over the past few days.
After informing Steven and the others, he'd barely had time to think about Finn. Between scenes, he'd almost forgotten the man entirely.
He had just finished two scenes and was resting in his car when his phone rang. As soon as he heard the voice on the other end, his expression soured.
Finn's voice was desperate, edged with panic. "Charles, you have to send me two million dollars right now. I can't get back to Jipsburg without it. I was scammed-everything's gone.
"You're my son. You're the only one who can help me now. Two million... no, make it five million! Once I get back to Jipsburg, I'll treat you right, I swear."
It was clear that he was in a real bind now.
Charles clenched his jaw, his lips curling into a bitter smile. "My dad died 20 years ago. If you're in trouble, go ask your precious daughter who just had a kidney transplant. Why are you calling me?
"Stop thinking about coming back to Jipsburg. Your creditors will be waiting for you, and my mom's remarried. My new dad has everything I could want. If you come back, you'll only embarrass yourself. Don't call me again."
Charles paused, then added with a sneer. "I'll block you, but you'll just find a new number to pester me with, won't you? Don't worry I'll be changing mine soon."
"You! Ungrateful brat! How can you treat me like this? I'm your father. Not only are you not respectful, but you even call someone else 'Dad.""
Finn's voice shook with rage. To him, he'd make one mistake in life-leaving them. Now that he wanted to return and make amends, Charles refused to accept him.
It appeared that Charles was relishing the prospect of his demise.
Charles rolled his eyes in disbelief. "Where were you all these years? If you wanted to play the part of a father, you shouldn't have faked your death. And by the way, you're legally dead Your name's been struck off the family register. Your new identity? It's a sham. You're not even a citizen here. 
"I had someone look into it. Your so-called 'overseas returnee' status is fabricated. You're nothing but a fraud. Stay in Murida and reflect on your life— or don't. I don't care."
"What did you say? How dare you
say that? Even if I changed my identity, I'm still your father. No one can change that! You're not afraid I'll expose you to the media?" Finn's voice crackled with anger and desperation as he threatened Charles. 
v
in
Charles snorted. "Expose me? Go ahead. You probably don't know this, but everyone in Jipsburg already knows about you and Miriam. Actually scratch that-everyone the country knows about it. Everyone knows that I have @father who faked his death. If you want to turn this into a scandal, be my guest.
I'll thank you in advance!" 
"You... You...!" Finn stammered, his words failing him.
###chapter1546
 
Charles' voice carried a note of finality as he spoke. "I'm going to rest now. Let me give you one last piece of advice. If you keep living a life of deceit, don't expect a good outcome. Start reflecting on your actions. Maybe then, your later years won't be so miserable."
These words came from the heart. After all, Finn was indeed his father, and there were some truths that still needed to be said. But deep down, Charles knew men like Finn would never change.
Finn was too self-serving, always choosing whatever benefited him most and avoiding anything that didn't align his interests. He was the epitome of selfishness. There was no hope for Finn to ever truly repent.
Logically, after his divorce from Miriam, Finn should have had a decent amount of money in his account. Coupled with his ability to make a living abroad, he ought to have been doing well. Yet somehow, he had managed to lose it all in a scam.
That alone proved Finn's unwillingness to play things by the book. Doing things the right way was too tiring for him.
"You ungrateful son!" Finn spat angrily. "Turning your back on me like this-do you believe in retribution? It will come for you!"
Before Finn could say more, the call ended abruptly.
He tried calling back repeatedly, but the calls wouldn't go through. He had been blocked.
Fury surged through him, and for a moment, he nearly hurled his phone across the room. But he stopped himself he couldn't afford to replace it.
The phone and the small amount of cash in his pocket were all he had left. His bank accounts had been emptied by the scammer. At least the house he lived in was still his. But the thought of never being able to return to Jipsburg made his chest ache.
Janine had remarried. She betrayed him and married another man. Once upon a time, she had promised to love him forever.
It seemed like all women were the same liars, every single one of them.
Miriam had promised eternal love too, yet after everything he did for her, she had the audacity to keep a man on the side. It was so different from how he treated women 
UMS
He was a man, and men couldn't control their desires. No matter how many women he had, his wife had always been the most important to him.
So whether it was Janine or Miriam, they were both the same worthless.
"Bitches, all of them!" Finn roared, frustration boiling over.
Business boomed, and Natalie seized the opportunity to expand. She opened several new branches and began franchising her coffee brand nationwide. Collaborating with manufacturers, she launched an
e
online sales channel and even brought on a celebrity spokesperson to elevate her brand. In just two years, Natalie had achieved financial freedom. 
Today was her birthday, and she had invited Skylar over to celebrate.
"Happy Birthday!" Skylar greeted her, handing over her gift.
It was a bracelet, one Skylar had specially designed by Muriel. It was a unique piece, made of platinum and rubies.
###chapter1547
 
Natalie slipped the bracelet onto her wrist, her eyes shining with amazement.
"My goodness, with the way Muriel's designs have evolved, I doubt there's anyone in Jipsburg who can match her now. Just look at this craftsmanship!"
Skylar laughed and said, "If Muriel heard that, she'd be over the moon."
Natalie, still in high spirits, asked, "By the way, I'm planning a trip next month. Is there anything you'd like me to bring back for you?"
Skylar was surprised. "A trip? Are you going with your parents?"
Over the past few years, Natalie had built a successful career, but she'd always been hesitant to travel alone.
"No," Natalie replied, her gaze flickering with uncertainty. She looked a little embarrassed, unsure how to explain.
Skylar, sensing something unusual, raised an eyebrow.
Natalie hesitated a moment before finally admitting, "I'm going with Austin. We've gotten back together recently, and his family has finally given us their blessing, so there shouldn't be any more issues."
For the past two years, Natalie and Austin's relationship had been turbulent. Despite their deep love for each other, their constant breakups had taken a toll on their relationship.
But now, perhaps because they were older now, their outlook on love had softened. She felt it was time to settle down.
But these were just her thoughts. Austin had always been clear that he would never love anyone else but her.
Recently, even his family had stopped resisting. Austin's father had personally reached out to Natalie, requesting to meet her parents. After all the struggles, it finally felt like they had a clear future.
Skylar opened her mouth to speak, but Natalie beat her to it. "I'm pregnant."
Skylar's eyes widened in shock. "How many months?"
Natalie smiled. "I just found out this morning. I'm five weeks along. I went to the hospital to confirm, and the doctor said it was fine for me to go on this beach vacation. It won't be to tiring, and it won't affect the pregnancy. I haven't told Austin yet. We've planned this trip for a while, and I'm going to tell him when we're there." 
net
"That's great news!" Skylar's eyes welled up with tears after learning that Natalie and Austin were finally getting the happy ending they deserved. She knew all too well the struggles they had faced over the years—the heartaches of their breakups, the helplessness that had plagued them. 
A new chapter was beginning, and a little one was on the way.
Outside the private room of an upscale restaurant, Alban Rowe leaned close to the young woman beside him, his voice a low murmur. "Once you go in, make sure not to Mr. Martin. I've been
stare at M
watching him for the past two years. Any woman who has tried to get close to him has failed. If you want
to help your father pay off all my debts, you'll listen carefully. Let him take an interest in you first." 
Elsie Shepard's face went pale, and she nervously bit her lip. "Do you really think Mr. Martin would be interested in me?"
Alban replied, "That depends on your skills. Even though he's married, they haven't had any children yet. People say their marriage is harmonious, but if they haven't had a child by now, there's clearly a problem."
He gave her a pointed look. "You look like his wife—just younger and more innocent. That alone will make him notice you."
Elsie lowered her head; a face appeared in her mind-Joe Maartin, the man who stood at the pinnacle of success, the kind of man she never dared dream of encountering.
Morally, the thought of becoming a third party made her stomach churn. Moreover, standing before a man like Joe would only magnify her feelings of inadequacy.
###chapter1548
 
Elsie had heard that Skylar was a very impressive person. She had seen pictures of Joe and Skylar attending events together, and Skylar's beauty and presence were undeniable.
It made Elsie wonder if Joe might be interested in her. After all, she'd heard that many women had tried to seduce Joe in the past, some even throwing themselves at him for nothing more than a one-night stand. Yet, none of them had ever succeeded.
Elsie understood why Alban had asked her to do this. Her father's company was on the brink of bankruptcy, and the debts owed to Alban were substantial. If she didn't comply, her family would be ruined. She couldn't bear to see her parents suffer.
Her brother had also divorced because of the constant turmoil at home, and her parents had aged overnight under the stress.
Elsie knew what she was doing wasn't exactly right, but... she had no choice.
"If... If he doesn't even look at me, if he doesn't like me, what should I do? Can I stop here?" Elsie asked.
Alban's smile was knowing. "You're still young and don't understand men. Come with me inside. Don't forget, today your role is my assistant." Elsie took a deep breath, her hands clenched tightly. "Okay, I understand."
As the door to the private room opened, she followed Alban inside. Her eyes immediately found Joe. The people around him were waiting for him to speak, and it was clear-he was the one at the top, the most respected figure in the room, towering over everyone else.
When his gaze swept over her, her heart skipped a beat.
"I'm sorry, Mr. Martin, I was caught in traffic. Let me drink this as punishment!" Alban said, sitting at the table and immediately pouring himself a full glass of wine, drinking it with exaggerated sincerity.
The people around him began joking.
"One drink isn't enough, Alban! It should be three! How could there be traffic at this hour?"
"Did you change your assistant again? This one looks so young. She can't even be 18, can she?"
As they joked, their eyes moved from Alban to Elsie. Uncomfortable in the spotlight, Elsie's face flushed, and her awkwardness only drew more attention.
But with Joe present, everyone knew
who truly commanded attention. They quickly shifted their gaze from Elsie, giving her only a cursory glance before turning their focus elsewhere. 
Someone who had seen Skylar before glanced at Elsie and remarked, "Mr. Rowe, your assistant looks a lot like Mr. Martin's wife!" "Mr. Martin, what do you think?"

Alban chuckled inwardly. It seemed everyone's eyes were as sharp as his. A young, beautiful woman like her would be hard for any man to ignore. He smiled and replied, " hadn't noticed before, but now that you mention it, she does bear slight resemblance to Mrs Martin." 
With the conversation now centered on Elsie, Joe's gaze shifted toward her. His expression was cold, his eyes sharp with an intensity that made it impossible to meet his gaze.
He glanced at her briefly before quickly looking away, his voice as cold as his demeanor, tinged with indifference. "There's indeed a slight resemblance."
Standing behind Joe, Paul narrowed his eyes. Joe had downplayed the resemblance, claiming it was only slight. However, to Paul, the woman bore a striking resemblance to
Skylar in at least four or five distinct
ways. distinct
UMS
Paul couldn't help but wonder-had Alban brought this woman here on purpose, or was it just a coincidence?
The woman didn't seem to have any ulterior motives. She didn't even dare to look at Joe.
###chapter1549
 
Because Natalie was pregnant, the plan to go out for karaoke with a few friends that night was canceled.
After dinner, Skylar accompanied Natalie for a walk along the river.
"I still feel like I'm a kid. But now... I'm already turning 30 and entering a new stage of life. I'm going to be a mother soon," Natalie said softly, her hand resting on her belly, a mix of joy and confusion on her face.
Skylar sighed, "Time really does fly."
"Yeah, it feels like our youthful days were just yesterday. By the way, when are you and Joe planning to have a baby?" Natalie asked.
Skylar suddenly realized she hadn't shared some past details with Natalie. With a smile, she replied, "Maybe in two years. It's just not the right time yet."
Watching her friends become mothers one after another stirred something in her a quiet envy she couldn't ignore. But she knew she and Joe had to wait for the right moment.
In the past two years, her relationship with Joe had deepened. Sometimes, he would joke about how a child would come between them, stealing away her love and attention.
Though his words were playful, Skylar couldn't help but notice the flicker of discomfort in his eyes when the topic came up. Not long ago, during a visit to Steven's home, Joe had been utterly captivated by Steven's daughter, unable to tear his gaze away.
Then there was Mona, who was due to give birth in a couple of months, and Minerva, who had recently welcomed a healthy, chubby baby boy into the world.
"The right time hasn't come yet? I understand." Natalie nodded, not pressing the issue further. She turned her gaze to the shimmering river.
Just then, a group of people walked past them, their conversation carrying through the quiet evening.
"Did you hear? Jeremy Hughes, the CEO of the Hughes Group, just divorced, and now he's with Helena! It's all over the news!"
"I remember seeing some news about Jeremy and Helena a few years ago, just after he divorced his first wife. They were rumored to be together, and everyone said Helena was about to marry into a wealthy family.
et
"But then, a couple of years ago, Jeremy married someone else, and people were saying it was just a transaction between them-Helena became a top-tier actress thanks to the deal with Jeremy. And now, look, they're back together." 
"These celebrities and trust fund babies sure know how to play the game."
"Haha, if it were an ordinary guy who'd been divorced twice, no decent woman would go near him."
The gossipers walked on, their voices fading into the distance. Skylar and Natalie exchanged glances, a shared understanding passing between them.
In Jipsburg City, mutual acquaintances were unavoidable. Even if they didn't cross paths often, news traveled fast in their shared social circles.
Jeremy's latest marriage had been a
strategic alliance orchestrated by Marvin to merge two influential families, Skylar remembered
attending the lavish wedding with Joe, never imagining it would unravel within a year. 
Helena's relationship with Jeremy had always been complicated. Their on-again, off-again dynamic had been the subject of endless
net
speculation. When Jeremy married someone else, Helena left the country to focus on her career. She only recently returned to Jipsburg. 
"He must care for Helena, but he just hasn't realized it yet," Natalie remarked thoughtfully.
Having known Jeremy since childhood, Natalie was well-acquainted with his personality. When it came to feelings, he was notoriously slow to catch
on.
Skylar nodded in agreement. Natalie understood Jeremy better than anyone.
Over the years, so much had changed-friendships, relationships, and even the people they once thought they knew. Time left its mark on everything.
Suddenly, a phone rang, its ringtone breaking the stillness. Skylar reached into her bag, pulled out her phone, and answered it.
###chapter1550
 
Joe said, "Where are you? I just finished here. I'll come pick you up." His voice carried a trace of exhaustion.
He had been at a business dinner earlier-something he never particularly enjoyed. Even over the phone, Skylar could sense his weariness.
Skylar glanced at Natalie, who smiled and said in a low voice, "You've been married for years, and Joe still chases after you like this. Well, I don't care. Normally, you can prioritize your husband over your friends, but not tonight! It's my birthday, and you're not leaving me alone."
After Natalie's playful threats, Skylar laughed and replied to Joe, "You sound tired. Why don't you get Paul to take you home? Natalie and I are just out walking. I'll drop her off and head back afterward."
Joe paused for a few seconds before responding with a quiet "Okay".
Natalie watched the exchange, then sighed wistfully. She said sincerely, "Your relationship is enviable."
She meant it. She would be overjoyed if her relationship with Austin remained this good after marriage.
A few years ago, Natalie had believed that love was eternal. But recently, she had come to realize that even without infidelity, love could fade over time in a marriage.
The thought made her apprehensive about marrying Austin. But now, with a baby on the way, her maternal instincts had taken over.
She thought, "Why fear something that hasn't even happened yet?"
A few days later, rain had been pouring relentlessly since morning. Many streets were flooded, making it difficult to drive home.
Some colleagues had already booked nearby hotels, choosing to stay the night rather than face the weather. The subway system had also been shut down.
Caleb stared at the weather app on his phone with exasperation. "This rain isn't just heavy; it's like the sky is leaking. This isn't rain-it's a river. The underground parking lots of the nearby mall and residential complexes are completely submerged.
"Thankfully, we've got an
above-ground lot here. Still, there's
et
no way I'm going home in this weather. Grandpa's insisting I stay here with him tonight, but I'd rather booka hotel. He'll use any algne time to lecture me endlessly." 
"How was Mr. Gardner Senior's checkup the other day? Everything okay?" Skylar asked as she glanced out at the relentless rain. The weather made driving home out of the question.
In the office group chat, several colleagues lamented that their cars were submerged in water and that the streets couldn't drain fast enough.
Joe had called her earlier and insisted she stay in a hotel for the night. He had already had Paul book her a room.
Originally, Joe was supposed to return today from a business trip. However, with the severe weather, his flight had been canceled, and he wouldn't make it back until tomorrow.
Caleb shook his head with a sigh. "Grandpa hasn't been doing too well this year. His memory's slipping lately, but the checkup didn't show anything major. The doctor just told him to avoid overexerting himself. 
swne
"We've been trying to get him to retire and relax at home, but he says he'd be bored to death. So now he's coming to work instead. He's more stubborn than I am-doesn't listen to anyone."
The Gardner family was at their wit's end, unable to rein in Alexander.
Skylar felt a wave of relief knowing that his health was generally fine. "Can you take this amulet and pass it to him for me later?" she said, handing it
over.
She hesitated, glancing out at the gloomy weather. For the past couple of days, she had felt an inexplicable sense of unease, as if something bad was about to happen.
It wasn't the first time she had had such a premonition. She had experienced it years ago when Joe had gone missing after a car accident in Murida.
Or maybe it was the growing
number of negative items that have
appeared in recent years. Of course, with negative items, there were also treasures to be found. Many
Clusians who had lived one
had recently repatriated numerous antiques and rare artifacts, some of which might be considered national treasures, and offered them for sale at auction. 
Skylar took the opportunity to acquire a few pieces that resonated with her taste.
Caleb took the amulet from her with a nod. "Sure, I'll give it to Grandpa later. By the way, there's something I wanted to ask you."
"What is it?" Skylar asked curiously.
###chapter1551
 
Caleb asked, "Is your brother getting married?"
The brother Caleb was referring to was Charles.
Skylar was taken aback. "Getting married?"
She hadn't heard anything about it. Charles had always been firm on his decision not to marry. He didn't even want to get into a relationship, focusing entirely on his work-acting in film after film.
"It seems like it's just another fake news story. It was trending on social media not long ago. The post was like an essay, detailing how Charles met that model and where they are now.
"Anyone who didn't know him would have thought it was true," Caleb said, his lips twitching in disbelief.
The entertainment news these days was completely unreliable.
Skylar rolled her eyes. "It's probably just people trying to use Charles for publicity. Don't take it seriously."
Fake news like this seemed to crop up from time to time. The writers spun stories so convincingly that it almost felt like they were true.
"The rain is relentless. I'm heading to the hotel nearby. Call me if anything comes up tonight," Skylar said as she finished organizing her work. Caleb replied, "Got it."
As Skylar was leaving, Caleb was about to visit Alexander. Just then, Simona called.
"Why the sudden call?" Caleb asked, surprised. Simona had gone overseas for her studies last year, and due to the time difference, they couldn't even call each other for three to four months at a time.
Simona replied, "Do you remember that over two years ago I mentioned that I thought Aiken was in a relationship?"
Caleb thought for a moment. "Yeah, I remember you saying something like that."
"And for the past two years, I've been waiting for Aiken to tell me he's dating someone, but he still hasn't said anything. Something doesn't feel right. Do you remember Wendy? I've talked about her with you too," Simona said.
Caleb nodded. "Yeah, I remember."
Wendy was the girl who, along with Simona, had been bullied by a group of terrible people. Her family situation had been heartbreaking.
Later, with the help of Aiken, Wendy managed to escape her difficult home life.
"I suspect they're dating. Aiken just video-called me. Although the camera flickered for a second, I saw
a woman's scarf on the couch. That
scarf is one I gave Wendy-it's a C limited edition, the only one of its
kind that hasn't even been released inJipsburg yet. 
"I don't believe it's just a coincidence. I've been chatting with Wendy, asking her why she hasn't been in a relationship these past few years. I always thought it was because of what happened back then, and she couldn't move on.
"But now it's clear-she must be dating Aiken!" Simona sounded like a detective, scrutinizing every detail.
Caleb was taken aback. "They're in a relationship? Haven't you always wanted Aiken to find a wife? You and Wendy know each other, so it would be perfect."
Simona quickly clarified and voiced
her suspicion "No, if they're really together, I'd be happy for them. I know Wendy very well, and she deserves someone great. But He's never publicly
Aiken
vel
acknowledged her, and I suspect he's just toying with her feelings!"
Caleb frowned. "Aiken isn't like that, is he?"
"You don't know Aiken. He's always been great to family and friends, but when it comes to women, he's never been serious. All the women around him come and go. Sometimes I even think he's a bit of a jerk," Simona said, frustration evident in her voice.
She regretted going abroad to study. If she were still at home, she could've supported Wendy in person.
But now, from far away, she was left to speculate. She knew Wendy wouldn't say anything if she tried to ask directly.
As for Aiken, Simona knew that he would never admit to anything unless she caught him red-handed in the act.
Caleb replied, "So, you called me to help you confirm this, right? Or maybe you want me to hire a private detective? But wait, hiring a detective won't work. Who would dare investigate Aiken?"
Simona chuckled and said, "You're
right. No one in Jipsburg would dare investigate Aiken. But you could go after Wendy. You could get close to her and see what she says. If you' manage to catch a glimpse of Aiken and Wendy together, that'd be perfect. I'd have a real reason to go back home." 
"Come one, do you not know me? I'm not the type to pursue people." Caleb immediately declined.
Simona quickly threw out a tempting offer. "Alright, here's the deal. I'll set you up to meet Wendy. You don't even have to actively pursue her. I'll just create opportunities for you two to meet. All you have to do is show up.
"I'll promise you one thing-anything you want from me in the future, I'll do it! Deal?"
Caleb's eyes lit up at the mention of Simona agreeing to do anything he asked. This deal didn't seem like a bad one at all.
###chapter1552
 
Caleb replied, "Alright, I agree to this!"
In the city of Craestin, an MPV stopped in front of the hotel.
Joe and Paul stepped out of the car. They had just returned from the airport. All flights to Jipsburg had been canceled that day. They had only learned about the cancellations after arriving at the airport. As such, they had no choice but to return to the hotel.
This hotel was a brand under the Martin Group, and it always reserved a suite for Joe. Just as they entered the elevator, the doors almost closed when someone pressed the open button. A person entered the elevator.
The hotel had a high occupancy rate. At first, they didn't pay much attention to whether the newcomer was a man or a woman.
Joe was focused on his phone, while Paul already knew who Joe was chatting with. It was after work hours, so he was likely talking to Skylar.
Originally, he should have been heading home, but now he wasn't. Paul couldn't help but imagine that Joe was probably disappointed. Not only could he not go home as planned, but he also wouldn't be able to see his wife.
Just as Paul was thinking about this, the people who entered the elevator suddenly greeted them. "Mr. Martin? Mr. Ziegler? What a coincidence! I thought I was mistaken. You two are here in Craestin as well."
Alban said his face full of surprise and excitement as he looked at Joe and Paul. It wasn't uncommon to see them in Jipsburg, but running into them in another city was truly a rare coincidence. 
Joe looked up and gave Alban a brief, indifferent glance. "Quite the coincidence."
"Yes, Mr. Rowe, what a coincidence," Paul said, smiling, though his mind was filled with suspicion.
Lately, Alban seemed to be
appearing around them quite
frequently Given the size e neg
company, the chances of them collaborating with their group were slim. Even if there were
collaborations, they were usually small-scale projects. 
Sometimes, when things happened too coincidentally, it felt as if they were intentionally arranged.
Alban was a large man, occupying almost two spaces in the elevator. He stood in front, blocking the view, and anyone standing behind him was almost completely obscured.
The faint scent of orchid perfume
from the woman lingered in the elevator, barely noticeable yet still present. Paul, being tall, could clearly see the person standing behind Alban. 
She looked familiar.
It was Elsie, the woman who resembled Skylar to some degree.
Elsie looked up at Joe, her face flushed. Then she noticed Paul's gaze. She glanced back at him with a subtle recognition.
###chapter1553
 
It seemed that Paul's gaze had a certain intensity, almost as if he could easily read someone's thoughts. Elsie couldn't help but feel a chill run down her spine.
There was a hint of guilt and helplessness inside her. She never wanted to be the bad person, nor did she want to be the kind of woman people looked down on as the mistress.
But she didn't have a choice.
Out of the corner of her eye, she caught sight of the man standing as if he were at the peak of a pinnacle.
In that instant, a voice in her mind whispered, "There can't be another man like him in the world. Just seeing him for the first time, my heart began to race uncontrollably."
The elevator moved swiftly, the floors passing by quickly.
It first reached Alban's floor. As Alban stepped out, he accidentally bumped into Elsie.
"Ah!" She let out a small cry, her body stumbling toward Joe.
Just as she was about to fall, she shut her eyes tightly. Alban also exclaimed, "Oh, I'm sorry!"
When Elsie was bumped, a part of her secretly hoped that the man, who usually kept his distance from everyone, would play the hero and catch her, sparing her the embarrassment of losing face in such a small elevator.
Sure enough, she felt a pair of strong hands catch her.
She looked up.
Her gaze met Joe's cold, indifferent eyes. He said nothing.
Their eyes lingered for only three seconds.
Her heart raced uncontrollably. They were so close that she could almost feel his crisp, refreshing scent.
Immediately, Elsie heard Paul's voice. "How careless can you be?"
Elsie froze for a moment, then slowly shifted her gaze toward Paul. When she looked up, her body immediately tensed.
"Fortunately, I reacted quickly and caught you, or else Mr. Martin would have been hit."
Paul's words struck her like a slap to the face.
She straightened up immediately, her face flushed with embarrassment, wishing she could disappear into the ground. "I'm sorry, I... I wasn't paying attention."
Alban quickly added, "It's my fault for being careless. We're here, so we'll go ahead. If we get a chance, I'll treat Mr. Martin to a meal in the next few days."
With that, he quickly exited the elevator.
Elsie followed him out.
Elsie's stiff posture finally relaxed when the elevator doors closed behind her. Her eyes started to burn with tears.
She was mortified, to say the least. It felt as though she had intentionally fallen into Joe's arms, and Paul's words had nailed her to a pillar of shame. She was both humiliated and upset. 
"What's wrong? Feeling embarrassed? Let me tell you, this is nothing. You did pretty well. Mr. Martin just gave you a few extra looks because you happen to resemble his wife.
"Paul, his assistant, usually wears a friendly smile, but his words can be pretty harsh. Don't let it bother you. Just remember, if you manage get into Joe's bed, become his
oynoy el.ne
mistress, and help me out a your job will be done. Do you
understand?" 
Alban looked at her, his tone softening when he realized she was upset. After all, she was just a young woman, Barely 20, so innocent and delicate that she could be easily manipulated. He would have kept her for himself if he didn't need her to lure in Joe. 
###chapter1554
 
Elsie's eyes were enough to make anyone's heart flutter.
As Alban recalled Joe's cold attitude toward Elsie, a new thought crossed his mind. He wondered if Joe was afraid to touch a woman who was too innocent. After all, everyone knew how much Joe cared about his wife.
"I understand," Elsie whispered, biting her lip and nodding obediently.
No matter how embarrassing, she had no real choice in the matter. She didn't have the power to decide her future, whether she would be someone's mistress or who she would end up in bed with.
"You'll come to my room later. I need to brief you on some things," Alban said as he rubbed his bulging belly, a decision already forming in his mind.
...
Back in the elevator, Paul didn't hide his thoughts and directly shared them with Joe.
"Why do I feel like Mr. Rowe's intentions aren't as simple as they seem? What a coincidence that we're staying at the same hotel. And that assistant of his-she seems like the type who's there to lure you in. I don't know where he found her, but she looks just like Mrs. Martin."
It wasn't that Paul was paranoid or disliked everyone. It was just that nowadays, too many people had ulterior motives and tricks up their sleeves.
There were endless schemes.
Joe glanced at Paul. "Have someone investigate Mr. Rowe."
"Will do."
An hour later, after a brief rest, Elsie arrived at Alban's room. He had just finished showering.
Elsie wasn't sure if he hadn't had time to put on clothes, but he was only wrapped in a towel around his waist.
Elsie couldn't bring herself to look directly at him. She had no interest in looking anyway, especially considering that Alban was around her father's age. Unlike her father, he didn't take care of himself.
He was overweight, and his belly was quite large.
"Is what Mr. Rowe wants to discuss with me about Mr. Martin?" Her voice was soft and delicate.
It wasn't that she was being coy; her family had raised her with the utmost care. She had learned ballet and etiquette from a young age, so speaking respectfully came naturally to her.
Alban felt a slight thrill as he listened, walking over to the bed and patting the edge. "Sit down, let's talk. It's about Mr. Martin."
"I can stand here and talk, Mr. Rowe. If it's about Mr. Martin, I have an idea. He'll be flying back to Jipsburg in the next couple of days. I could be on the same flight. I'll make sure to get his attention.
"I found out about his wife's work
and have something I can use. It's an emerald pendant my
et
grandmother gave me. I'll take the opportunity to have him take adook," Elsie said, her head lowered. This was the best plan she could come up with. 
Alban's eyes lit up as he listened. "Not bad, as expected from someone young. You think fast. To come up with a plan so quickly, just like you said, I'll have someone arrange a flight for you with Mr. Martin." Content belongs 
ton
Seeing Elsie was wary of him, he smiled again I can tell you're very smart. When I asked you to sit by the bed, you immediately refused That means you know exactly what I want Since that's the case, make things clear. 
"Joe has never seriously looked at you, probably because you're too pure, and he doesn't know how to approach you."
Elsie looked startled and stared wide-eyed at Alban. "Mr. Rowe, you..."
"Tonight, you'll stay with me." Alban squinted his eyes, his gaze slowly scanning Elsie from head to toe.
No wonder she studied ballet when she was young-her figure was truly impressive.
Elsie was better than the two women he was currently keeping, and she was young enough.
Elsie's face turned pale, her body trembling uncontrollably. "You. Mr. Rowe, I... I....."
"What? You don't want me? Don't forget how much your family owes me. If I give the word, your family will be bankrupt. You'll never rise again in Jipsburg. I'm not here to waste time with you.
"You're smart enough, so listen up. Play along with me tonight, and even if Joe turns his back on you, I'll still take care of you and your family." Alban was losing his patience. The moment was ripe, and he couldn't wait any longer.
Elsie immediately burst into tears. "Mr. Rowe, I—"
###chapter1555
 
Elsie said, "I can't do it. I'm scared. I promise you, I'll get into Mr. Martin's bed within a month and make him fall for me. Is that okay? If it weren't my first time, he probably wouldn't even cherish me."
Elsie was truly terrified. She didn't want to lose her dignity.
Her first time was supposed to be for her future husband, but now that it seemed unlikely she would have that chance, she hoped to choose someone she liked.
Alban was about the same age as her father, and she couldn't force herself to please him. Elsie's words had an immediate effect on Alban. He quickly calmed down, narrowing his eyes.
Elsie had some tricks up her sleeve. No man would dislike having a woman who was pure and clean by their side.
"Fine, you've got one month. If, after a month, you haven't managed to get Mr. Martin into bed, you'll have to come to me," he said.
With that, he tossed her a hard drive. "Take this and watch it. Learn how to please a man."
Elsie's face instantly flushed with embarrassment.
Seeing her reaction, Alban felt his desire grow even stronger. He could wait another month.
Even if things didn't work out, he would lose nothing. A shy young woman who could become as skilled as the women in the video would be well worth it.
Skylar had just finished showering when she turned on the TV. The latest news was on, and it was reporting about the heavy rain that had flooded many business establishments with basements.
Traffic had been almost completely disrupted.
Her decision to stay in the hotel today had been wise. Many of her colleagues were still stuck on the road.
After watching the news for a while, she received a phone call from Natalie.
"I'm married! You have to congratulate me."
The sound of rain poured heavily outside.
Skylar's eyes lit up when she heard the word "married". "Congratulations, congratulations!"
Just two days ago, they had gone on a trip and were now already married. That was fast.
Natalie laughed on the other end of the line. "Mr. Powell said we should take our wedding photos by the beach first and then get the wedding ceremony done quickly. It might be done in about a month. By then, I won't be showing much, so
still
be able to fit into my dress just fine." 
From Natalie's tone, Skylar could clearly feel the happiness and excitement radiating from her. Skylar was genuinely happy for Natalie.
"I haven't told him I'm pregnant yet. Today, everything was so perfect. We kissed an the beach, and before l knew it, we were at the courthouse. He's in the shower now, and when he comes out, I'll tell him the good news!" Natalie added with a mischievous laugh. 
She knew exactly what Austin would want when he came out of the
l
shower. They were so in sync in their relationship, always
understanding each other's needs and doing their best to fulfill them. 
swnow
But now things were different. She was pregnant.
Skylar couldn't help but laugh. "A few days ago, didn't someone tell me she had grown up?"
As expected of Natalie, no matter how old she was, she was still as playful as ever.
Natalie burst out laughing but then suddenly lowered her voice. "I have to go now. He's about to come out of the shower."
"Alright, one last time-congratulations to Mrs. Powell on your marriage."
"Skye, I'm really happy! I feel like I've reached the peak of my life." Natalie's voice was filled with joy as she spoke.
After ending the call, Skylar picked up her phone and scrolled through her calendar. She carefully calculated the time.
In one year, 11 months, and 13 days, she and Joe would be ready to have a child. She had a strong feeling.
Skylar believed their first child would be a girl. The thought made her smile softly, her eyes full of warmth.
...
As Austin stepped out of the bathroom, Natalie quickly jumped into bed, pretending to be asleep.
She had learned a lot from being married to an Oscar-winning actor. Her acting skills had improved. There was no difference between pretending to sleep and actually sleeping.
When Austin came out of the bathroom and saw Natalie lying on the bed, pretending to sleep, he raised an eyebrow in surprise.
###chapter1556
 
It had indeed been a tiring day. But at this time...
Austin stood by the bed, looking at the women he had grown to love more and more over the years. For a moment, he felt a little dazed. They had finally gotten their marriage certificate.
Now, Natalie couldn't just casually bring up breaking up or walk away whenever she felt like it.
Austin couldn't help but lean down and plant a kiss on her forehead. Just as he did, he noticed her eyelashes fluttering slightly.
He froze for a moment, then stifled a laugh. He climbed into bed and kissed her soft lips.
Natalie's eyes shot open. Austin's hand was already on her, causing her to feel a rush of emotions. She quickly pressed his hand down, a little annoyed with herself.
He had easily ignited her desire, but now, she didn't dare to put it out.
She was also feeling a bit uncomfortable. With teary eyes, she looked at Austin.
"I need to tell you something," she said, her voice tinged with some grievance. She was genuinely timid, afraid to act recklessly.
After all, there was a baby in her belly.
Austin raised an eyebrow. "We can talk about it after... no rush."
"It's urgent, very urgent," Natalie replied. She knew exactly what kind of look he was giving her.
She also wanted to be close to him.
Austin frowned. "Regret marrying me? It's too late for regrets, Natalie. You can't escape me for the rest of your life."
"I don't regret marrying you. You're going to be a father! I'm pregnant."
Natalie had originally wanted to continue joking, but seeing Austin so anxious, she decided to stop playing around and speak honestly.
When Austin heard the news, his heart skipped a beat.
His mind felt like it had suddenly crashed.
"What did you say?"
Natalie looked at him, amused by his stunned expression, and couldn't help but laugh. "You're going to be a dad! I'm going to be a mom!" "Natalie! You're not joking with me, right?" Austin snapped back to reality, gazing at Natalie with a look of pure joy.
He hadn't expected this surprise from her.
They had always been cautious, taking precautions, fearing any
over a month ago, he had been away filming in another city. 
unexpected consequences. JUSA. I
They didn't have the chance to take precautions during that time. Natalie had said it was the safe period, and she would take the morning-after pill.
But it seemed it hadn't worked out.
"I forgot to take the emergency contraceptive pill, and well... I got pregnant," Natalie said.
She had indeed forgotten to take it. And since she believed the safe period would prevent pregnancy,
and considering she didn't have et
particularly high fertility rate, ske hadn't expected that just this once would result in pregnancy 
The doctor had also mentioned that the safe period wasn't as safe as everyone thought.
Austin immediately pulled her into his arms. "This isn't a dream, right? I'm going to be a dad, right?"
Natalie kept nodding. "Yes, yes, yes, you're going to be a dad!"
net
"Good thing I couldn't wait for our | wedding, and had Hank take care of the preparations. We'll get married as soon as possible. My parents will be thrilled when they hear this. I need to study more and figure out how to be a good dad." 
"Mr. Powell, don't get ahead of yourself. Wait until the baby is born to start learning," she teased.
"If I wait until the baby is born, it'll be too late."
She thought, "Fine, then I'll learn how to be a good mom too."
Late at night, in the quiet hotel room, the rain had finally stopped.
Skylar hadn't been able to sleep soundly. The hotel bed just couldn't compare to the comfort of her own bed, probably because she wasn't used to it.
###chapter1557
 
Skylar couldn't sleep. She opened the curtains. The sky was still dark, but the rain had stopped.
She had checked the weather forecast last night. It predicted more rain today.
As long as it wasn't a storm or severe condition, the flights shouldn't be affected. Thinking of this, she chuckled softly to herself. She was already missing Joe.
He hadn't been away for long. There had been plenty of business trips like this. Maybe it was the gloomy weather, the constant rain, and the lack of sunlight that were messing with her emotions.
She reached for a bottle of water, twisted off the cap, and took a sip. The coolness grounded her, waking her up even more.
Her mind lingered on a dream from the night before. In it, she and Joe were arguing, both consumed by suspicion due to a misunderstanding.
Dreams like that were rare but unsettling. Once they appeared, they clung to her, leaving her uneasy. Life had been so peaceful and happy these past few years that a dream like this felt more like a warning.
She shook her head, chuckling softly. Work was a better distraction. Muriel had sent her a few design drafts and needed her feedback, but she had been too busy to take a proper look.
Now seemed like a good time.
At the airport, everything seemed to be running smoothly.
Flights to Jipsburg City were all on schedule. When Paul rebooked their ticket for today, he had been worried there might still be delays or cancellations.
Thankfully, the weather in Jipsburg had improved compared to yesterday.
After passing through security, they sat down to wait for boarding. Paul glanced around and suddenly froze.
He recognized a familiar figure.
Paul raised an eyebrow immediately and turned to Joe. "Mr. Martin, I just saw a familiar face."
Paul thought, "Could it really be this much of a coincidence?"
Joe glanced up, following Paul's gaze. A young woman, her eyes red and her head lowered, was walking in their direction.
"She's Elsie Shepard. She took an
internship over the summer as Mr. Rowe's secretary." Paul had only recently asked someone to
investigate the nature of Elsie'l
relationship with Alban, but no solid conclusions had come up yet. 
Yesterday, they had run into her in the hotel elevator. And now, here she was again, at the airport.
But Alban was nowhere to be seen.
Joe's gaze flickered slightly, his expression remaining calm and detached. "Hmm," he responded lighted, withdrawing his gaze.
Paul opened his mouth as if to speak but stopped himself. Given the current situation, he decided it was better to remain silent. It wasn't the time for unnecessary speculation.
Sometimes, his instincts led him to conclusions that weren't always accurate. Still, despite himself, Paul couldn't resist stealing another glance at Elsie.
Elsie had already taken a seat,
keeping her head down. Unlike most
travelers, she wasn't playing on her
phone or glancing around out of
boredom. She seemed lost in
thought, almost dazed. 
Paul's quiet observation didn't go unnoticed. Elsie could feel his gaze, and it made her even more nervous.
She dared not lift her head, let alone
et
el.ne
look toward Joe and Paul. She feared that Joe might start
suspecting her presence here, even though it was an airport, a place open to everyone. 
But sometimes, too many coincidences could make people wary.
The last thing she wanted was to leave a bad impression on Joe. After all, she dreamed of making her first real romance perfect.
Taking a deep breath, she tried to steady herself.
###chapter1558
 
Elsie couldn't shake the thoughts of what Alban had said to her the night before. The things he planned to make her do and the contents of that hard drive weighed heavily on her.
Every thought pushed her closer to breaking down. She was unable to bear it all.
She knew that her only option was to succeed. As for Skylar, she could only apologize. She truly couldn't bring herself to be with Alban.
After searching for information about Skylar the night before, Elsie learned that Skylar came from an ordinary background and now had a respectable job. She thought that Skylar was also a mistress.
Before Skylar, there had been Vera and Lizzie. They had both been involved with Joe before Skylar came into the picture. If not for Skylar's appearance, Joe would probably have married his then-fiancée, Lizzie.
Thinking about this eased some of the guilt Elsie had been feeling. She told herself that she was no worse than Skylar.
She was even younger. Joe would eventually come to like her.
Her heart raced at the thought, her pulse quickening. Ten minutes later, in the plane's first-class cabin, Joe and Paul had just settled into their seats when Elsie walked in.
She walked in and sat without a word, once again withdrawing into her world. She looked a little sad, still keeping her head lowered.
Paul couldn't help but find it strange. A mere assistant was sitting in first class. He couldn't shake the feeling that this young woman had her eyes set on Joe.
"Mr. Martin, I think she has her eyes on you," Paul said in a low voice.
Joe raised an eyebrow, his expression cool.
This sort of thing happened so often that Joe was no longer fazed by it. He had long since learned to ignore such people.
But Paul wasn't as indifferent. A warning bell kept ringing in his mind.
After the plane took off and the flight became smooth, Joe was resting with his eyes closed when someone suddenly appeared before him. A soft, delicate voice then broke the silence.
"Sorry to disturb you, Mr. Martin."
The voice was gentle, and it didn't feel intrusive even though it woke him.
When Joe opened his eyes, he was met with Elsie's face, which looked both cautious and almost pitiful.
"Sorry... I didn't mean to wake you,
Mr. Martin. It's just... I know your wife has helped many people. I saw it online, and I've been facing some difficulties these past couple days, so I took the liberty of
approaching you," Elsieel R
nervously biting her lip as she looked at Joe. 
Saying these words took real courage.
With his eyes closed, Joe had a mesmerizing presence. His chiseled features were undeniably captivating, exuding an air of natural elegance, unlike the flashiness of a celebrity trying to appear cool.
When he opened his eyes, it felt like he could easily steal someone's breath away. There was a presence about him that made anyone feel small in his presence, a humbling self-consciousness that was hard to ignore.
Just as she was about to lose her balance in her embarrassment, Joe spoke up. "Just say it." Paul, sitting beside Joe, also opened his eyes. He observed Elsie, his expression thoughtful.
Under the combined scrutiny of both men, Elsie felt her palms become clammy with nervousness.
She immediately took an emerald pendant off from around her neck.
"This is an old heirloom my grandmother left me. It's said to be passed down through generations The emerald doesn't look particularly high-quality, but it has gold detailing on it. I hadn't been carrying it with me until now. 
MS
"I only remembered it before this trip with Mr. Rowe. But ever since I started wearing it these past couple of days, I've been having
ne
nightmares. Sometimes, the things in the nightmares even come true, and it's really frightening," Elsie said, her eyes filled with fear as she spoke. 
Her hand, holding the emerald pendant, was shaking uncontrollably.
Joe's gaze focused on the emerald pendant in her palm. Could this be a cursed heirloom handed down through generations? Skylar had never spoken of anything like that.
Not hearing a response from Joe, Elsie bit her lip and hesitated before adding, "I suspect it's what people online call a negative item... but my grandmother and mother never had any problems with it."
###chapter1559
 
Paul clicked his tongue. "So it's that bad?"
A negative item could be passed down for generations and still allow an entire family to live so well. At that point, Paul wondered if it was still considered a negative time.
"You mentioned the dreams you've had been coming true. What kind of dreams are they?" Paul asked directly.
At the question, Elsie's long eyelashes fluttered, and her eyes started to fill with tears. She was clearly on the verge of tears, looking as if she had been deeply wronged.
Paul, once known for his charm with women, had grown indifferent after his experiences in Murida a few years ago. After that, he became somewhat sensitive to tears and fragility.
He used to be the kind of man who would pity the delicate, but now, nothing could stir his emotions. He twitched his mouth slightly and added, "If you don't want to talk about it, then forget it."
"Once the plane lands, tell my wife about the situation," Joe said coldly.
After speaking, he closed his eyes again.
Elsie hadn't expected Joe to be so indifferent. He just glanced at her once and simply told her to inform Skylar. She had wanted to speak to him directly, not Skylar.
She found the information online about negative items too fantastical. She didn't believe that such a negative item was real.
Most of it seemed like deliberate sensationalism. Otherwise, Skylar wouldn't have been able to make so much money or build such a powerful image. Elsie didn't believe it. But this was the only excuse she could come up with to approach Joe.
"Okay." She reluctantly agreed, but the tears still flowed uncontrollably down her cheeks.
Afraid that Joe would think she was being overly dramatic, she quickly turned her head away. Flustered, she hurriedly returned to her seat.
Paul blinked. "Did I say something wrong? Why is she crying all of a sudden? Could it be because I asked her what dream she had, and it's related to that dream?"
This piqued his curiosity. He wondered what kind of dream could be so terrifying that it made someone cry even before they spoke about it.
Moreover, the emerald pendant had
never caused any trouble in the
hands of her grandmother or mother, but now it was causing problems for her-that was suspicious. Over the years, he had gained some knowledge about
negative items. 
But he had never heard of a situation like this before.
Joe glanced at Paul. "Every time you talk to her, you get chatty and start thinking too much."
Paul's lips twitched. He quickly explained, "I didn't! I'm not interested in those matters between men and women anymore. My mom's always pushing me to go on blind dates, but every time I meet those women, they're scared just by looking at my face. They're all so superficial! 
"There are few women who aren't superficial. I'm better off alone. And this Elsie, she's clearly after you, Mr Martin. The only thing I'm curious about is the emerald pendant in her hand I really want to know if it's as troublesome as she says. 
The scars on his face could be treated with cosmetic surgery if he wanted to. But he didn't see the need. Those scars were a reminder of his hellish past, a lesson that had helped him build a stronger mind.
He wouldn't fall apart again, no matter what happened. He had to be tougher and stronger so that his mind wouldn't break down mentally if something happened again.
The clearer he got over the last couple of years, the more he remembered those experiences of being lost in madness, unable to distinguish reality from nightmares.
It was too painful to recall. Joe didn't respond.
Whether there was a problem would be something Skylar could figure out. Even if it was a negative item, it wouldn't escape her eyes.
Skylar arrived early at the airport, taking two hours off work.
It had been raining earlier that morning, but the rain had stopped by the time she was on her way. The stagnant water on the road had already cleared up, and the drive to the airport was smooth without any hindrances.
While waiting, she sent Joe a message on WhatsApp to let him know she had arrived. Soon, she received a call from Joe.
###chapter1560
 
Joe said, "I just got off the plane. I'll head out right away."
Joe's seemingly casual tone indicated that he was eager to see her as soon as possible.
Skylar smiled and replied, "Okay, I'll wait for you."
Half an hour later, Joe appeared, unmistakable with his tall figure and commanding presence. He waved at Skylar.
Skylar waved back.
Some people say that newlyweds often have this kind of feeling. Honestly, it really felt that way.
After walking a short distance, Paul appeared behind him, pushing a trolley with luggage. Joe, with his long legs, quickly covered the distance and was in front of Skylar in just a few steps.
Then, without hesitation, he pulled her into an embrace.
"You've lost weight," he said, resting his chin on her head.
Skylar stifled a laugh. "You've only been gone for less than five days. How could I have lost weight?"
She didn't weigh herself daily but could tell whether she had gained or lost weight by how her clothes fit.
"I've lost weight. Can you feel it?" Joe's voice had a slightly playful tone, as if he was a little disappointed.
He knew Skylar was surrounded by family, friends, and kind colleagues. So even if he wasn't around, they would take good care of her. Unlike him, who found little pleasure in food while on business trips.
Skylar smiled and comforted him. "Let's go home and see how many pounds you've lost. We'll get them all back, but our Mr. Martin looks even more handsome now."
While they were talking, Elsie quickly stepped out from behind Paul. After stepping out, Elsie kept looking around, searching for Joe.
On the plane, he had mentioned that she should talk to Skylar about the emerald pendant once they landed, and he was probably waiting for her.
However, he had just left when they were retrieving the luggage, leaving Paul behind to collect it. Fortunately, the luggage came out quickly, and she could leave right after collecting
it. 
UMS
When she stepped outside and saw the scene before her, she froze. Her mind seemed to freeze, completely unable to process what was happening.
The Joe she had seen a few times before, always so indifferent to
others, was now holding Skylar in a tight embrace. Their hug was casual yet intimate, so completely different from how he was with anyone else. 
swne
It was the kind of closeness that anyone could sense, the kind that radiated genuine affection. Before, she had only seen their relationship through news reports and online posts. 
But those accounts had always been one-sided, and she had never bothered to learn more about them. Now, seeing them embrace in person, the shock was overwhelming.
Especially considering how Joe had spoken to her earlier. He had been short, distant, not even sparing her a second glance.
Yet, with Skylar, his stern features softened, his lips curling into a warm and unmistakable smile.
Moreover, Skylar was even more beautiful in person than in her photos. She was far more stunning than Elsie herself. She felt an intense blow to her pride.
"Didn't you want to ask Mrs. Martin about the emerald pendant?" Paul suddenly stopped and turned to Elsie.
Elsie felt a sudden urge to back out. But then, she recalled what Alban had said. She had no way out.
She was still young, yet no other path was available to her. At that moment, she longed to be Skylar, to be protected by Joe's embrace.
Her eyes welled up, and she nodded softly. "Yes, I need to trouble Mrs. Martin."
###chapter1561
 
Skylar glanced at Elsie. Elsie was a young woman, around 20, and very pretty, radiating the kind of youthful energy you would expect from someone fresh out of school.
However, what surprised Skylar was how similar Elsie's features were to hers. Elsie was carefully looking at her and Joe, her demeanor delicate and full of sympathy.
"I'll take a look," Skylar said gently.
As Elsie drew closer, she blushed slightly. She had heard that Skylar was nearly 30, older than her by several years. But looking at Skylar up close, it was clear that she didn't look anywhere near 30.
She looked more or less her age. People also said Skylar grew up in the countryside, but she didn't carry a trace of the typical rustic air that one might expect.
Her demeanor and speech all exuded a warmth and closeness that made others feel at ease.
It wasn't just men who were drawn to Skylar-even Elsie felt herself blushing when speaking to her. She awkwardly took out the emerald pendant and handed it to her.
Then, she repeated what she had said to Joe on the plane. Afterward, she observed Skylar's expression.
Skylar remained calm, her eyes focusing on the emerald pendant in her hands. The pendant was made from emerald, though it appeared to have been repaired using gilding, likely due to a previous crack.
Although the emerald wasn't of the highest quality and was a bit ordinary, it was still undeniably an antique, showing signs of age.
"Well... this isn't a negative item. The dream becoming reality you mentioned was probably just a coincidence. There's no need to worry too much. Or perhaps something's been affecting your state of mind recently.
"It's like the saying goes, 'what you think about during the day, you dream about at night.' Just relax," Skylar explained.
Elsie wasn't surprised by Skylar's response. After all, this emerald pendant had been passed down through her grandmother's family, and she had never heard of anything unusual happening with it. She had just hoped that it would allow her to talk to Joe.
Elsie didn't truly believe in the negative items Skylar often mentioned. Deep down, she couldn't accept the idea. But on the surface, she acted as though a weight had been lifted off her shoulders.
"Thank you, Mrs. Martin. I appreciate it. Just like you said, a lot has been happening around me lately, and I tend to overthink. It's natural for me to have dreams based on what's been on my mind during the day. 
"The emerald pendant was passed down from my grandmother. I don't want it to be a negative item."
Skylar smiled and nodded. "Keep a positive outlook and face everything with optimism. Everything will be fine."
Elsie felt a tightness in her chest, and an uncontrollable feeling of jealousy surfaced.
She thought to herself, "Everything will be fine... But will it really be fine?"
She didn't have Skylar's good luck. She didn't have Joe's protection.
Hence, the problems her family was facing could only be overcome through her efforts. She had to fight to save them.
In that moment, Skylar's words felt
hollow too effortless coming f
Ise who had never f
the
struggles she had endured en.kikis
Joe hadn't seen Skylar in a few days. Despite his earlier teasing about her weightloss, the first thing he did after returning to Galaxy Villa wasn't to eat. 
S
Instead, he immediately insisted on joining Skylar for a shower.
Later, in bed, they spent hours together. Skylar was left utterly exhausted.
###chapter1562
 
Joe went downstairs to open the door, while Paul had already arranged for the restaurant staff to deliver the food.
The meal consisted of eight dishes and one soup, a well-balanced spread with both meat and vegetables. It was the kind of food they usually enjoyed.
Skylar was exhausted from everything that had happened. Joe smiled, picking her up and carrying her downstairs.
"Eat more," he said gently.
Although Skylar was hungry, she had no strength left. She replied, "I'll just watch you eat."
Joe took a few bites and then frowned. "It's not as good as what you make."
He wasn't trying to flatter her. He genuinely felt that way. He could barely finish a bowl of food prepared by anyone else, but Skylar's cooking suited his taste so perfectly that he could finish two bowls in no time.
Skylar shot him a glare. "If you hadn't been so relentless earlier, dragging me around so many times, I could've prepped everything in the kitchen. It would've only taken ten minutes to cook two dishes. But now, I can't even summon the strength."
Joe chuckled. "You're right."
But compared to filling his stomach, he preferred to fill himself up first.
A few days later, after finishing work, Skylar was about to head home when a call from Minerva changed her plans.
"Recently, this young woman has been bothering my husband. I was at the hospital earlier with my kid for his vaccination. After I left, this woman showed up and claimed to be my husband's wife.
"She said I stole her husband, mentioned that Rowan and I were married in a past life, and claimed I had never met my husband. She sounded so convincing; it almost felt like it had happened.
"I don't know if it's because I was startled, but I can't shake off this uneasy feeling. Skye, can we meet for dinner tonight? I just need someone to talk to."
Skylar immediately made her way to the restaurant they had agreed upon.
"Where's your son?" Skylar asked when she noticed Minerva hadn't brought the child along.
Minerva's face was still a little pale. "Our nanny took him home."
"Do you know who that woman is?" Skylar got straight to the point.
Minerva was clearly still shaken. The woman's words had left quite an impact on her.
Of course, it was equally unsettling for Skylar. Everything she had now was a result of her rebirth. Hearing that others had also been reborn only made her more skeptical.
Rebirth couldn't possibly be exclusive to one person. She had never thought of herself as some sort of special case.
But her rebirth had undoubtedly caused some butterfly effects. Before, she and Minerva had never met, yet now they were close, talking about everything.
Minerva took a sip of her water.
With Skylar by her side, she felt a sense of calm. It was almost laughable, but before becoming a mother, she would have brushed off such things as nothing more than a joke.
Yet, something about it unsettled her. She couldn't shake the woman's words from her mind, and it was almost as if they kept replaying in her head uncontrollably.
She wondered what her life would be like now if, back then, she had married Rowan due to family pressure if she hadn't gone abroad, she would never have met Emerson and certainly wouldn't have the happy marriage she had now. 
It was precisely because her marriage was so happy that she didn't want any cracks in it.
"Actually, just a few days ago, I
received a message from her. Her name is Maxine Craig. She's the daughter of a comrade of Emerson's father They knew each other when they were young, and she's eight years younger than him. 
"She told me they were supposed to meet this year and get married. She even mentioned some accurate details about Emerson's life. But... could it really be true that someone has been reborn?
"Don't laugh at me, Skye. But just
earlier, I was wondering... Am I the third party in their relationship? When Emerson talks about her, he doesn't show any dislike or
jel
et
resentment, just helplessness. Could what Maxine said be true?" 
Minerva furrowed her brows, filled with doubt about everything she was currently experiencing and uncertainty about Emerson.
Skylar was shaken by what she heard. She didn't know Minerva or anyone connected to Emerson and Maxine in her past life.
She hadn't known about their past or whether Minerva had been married to Rowan back then.
###chapter1563
 
Skylar wondered if Maxine had truly been reborn, just like she had. The only difference was the timing-Maxine had been reborn at this very moment. If that were the case, it would be more complex to resolve.
"Ever since I learned about the existence of all sorts of negative items, I've always kept an open mind about these strange and unexplained phenomena. Still, the idea of rebirth-well, I've only ever seen it in novels. Does it happen in real life?
"I know rationally I shouldn't let it get to me. Emerson and I have been through so much together. After years of shared experiences and building a strong bond, we now have a son together. Our family is harmonious and happy.
"But... I can't seem to find peace. This voice inside me keeps whispering what if what she's saying is true?"
Minerva's complexion had paled, her doubt taking its toll. The constant thoughts weighed on her, flashing unwelcome images in her mind.
She could almost picture Emerson and Maxine together. Their eight-year age gap between them didn't seem to matter. He doted on her.
Maxine, an emerging star in the entertainment industry, had undeniable talent and charisma. She also had the strong backing of influential elders, ensuring her journey in the field was smooth and untroubled.
Minerva even recalled a story she had once heard from Emerson's friend when she and Emerson were still just acquaintances. He had mentioned a younger woman who used to adore Emerson and had even declared she would marry him when she grew up.
Their families had always seen it as an ideal match, believing Emerson's lack of romantic entanglements in those years was due to his quiet waiting for his childhood sweetheart.
In the end, Minerva ended up winning Emerson over. At that time, Minerva had laughed it off as a silly joke and hadn't given it a second thought.
Yet Maxine's recent claims dredged up those memories with startling clarity.
Skylar's expression grew thoughtful and serious as she quietly mulled things over.
Seeing her silence, Minerva felt a pang of unease. "Do you think there's a chance she's telling the truth?"
"We can't be sure yet. There are countless mysteries in this world, things we might never fully understand. However, one thing you can be certain of is that your relationship with Emerson is built on years of shared experiences and genuine emotions.
"You're married now, with a son, and your bond is solid. That isn't something anyone can erase or undermine with a few careless words," Skylar said firmly.
Perhaps meeting Maxine in person would help her understand this better. For now, they could only speculate.
Minerva's tense expression
softened. She nodded faintly. "You're
right. What we've been through togethers real. If someone truly can be reborn, then so be it. Why should I exhaust myself worrying over things that haven't even happened yet?" 
"Maxine... It sounds so familiar," Skylar murmured, her brow furrowing slightly. The name sparked a faint familiarity in her mind, though she couldn't pinpoint why.
She was sure she had never met Maxine or crossed paths with her directly, yet the name echoed faintly in her memory.
Minerva said, "You must have heard
of her. Recently, she starred in a web series that became a massive hit.
net
She's really popular right now. I heard she's currently filming a new show, playing the second fergale lead. The male lead is Charles." 
Skylar immediately understood. "Ah, that explains it. I remember seeing some photos from the launch event for my brother's new show. They mentioned the cast, and Maxine was one of them. No wonder hername sounded familiar." 
If that was the case, it might be worth reaching out to Charles to learn more about Maxine.
She had been reborn for so long—several years had already passed. During these years, she experienced things she could never have imagined in her previous life.
The inexplicable negative items she had encountered were just one example things she had never come across in her previous life.
If she could return to rewrite her destiny, it seemed entirely possible that others could too. The thought unsettled her. Perhaps there were more people like her, given another chance to alter their fates.
The realization weighed heavily on her. A faint unease crept into her chest, intangible but insistent.
On the drive back to Galaxy Villa, Skylar decided to call Charles. Fortunately, he wasn't on set and was enjoying a break.
"It's been a whole month since you last called me. Miss me already?" Charles teased, his voice light and cheerful.
###chapter1564
 
The past couple of years had been incredibly hectic for everyone.
Charles often found his schedule flipped upside down with night shoots, while Skylar was equally consumed with her work.
Their opportunities to meet in person were rare, often limited to brief moments at home. Even their family group chat only saw occasional messages exchanged.
Phone calls were even rarer between them, so infrequent they could practically be counted on one hand.
Skylar started the call by saying she missed him and then asked how he had been lately. After catching up, she switched the conversation to Maxine.
"You've been watching web series too? Her series is popular, and she's undeniably talented. She has a lot of potential and a unique spark for someone her age.
"But something's been off these past few days she hasn't been herself during filming. She keeps forgetting her lines and has been scolded by the director a few times. Maybe there's trouble at home or something."
Charles didn't think too much about it, casually sharing his observations. However, Skylar listened carefully, her expression growing serious. If Maxine's behavior was different from before, it could very well be because of a sudden rebirth.
"Charles, can I come visit the set?" Skylar asked.
Charles was surprised. "Are you a fan of Maxine now?"
He couldn't recall Skylar ever showing much interest in celebrities. She once praised Austin's acting and claimed she admired him too. But she had never gone this far for anyone in the industry before. Now, she even wanted to visit the set just to see a young actress.
That was something new.
"I just miss you," Skylar said lightly.
Charles chuckled knowingly. "Alright, alright, I'll take that. We've got a night shoot coming up, so I'll let the crew know. You can drop by directly.
"It's been a while since we've caught
up anyway. have a few extra
skincare sets from a brand
et
deal-they sent me way too many. Mom's already taken her share so you can take the rest home with
you." 
"Thanks, Charles."
UMS
After ending the call, Charles placed his phone aside and stepped out of his trailer.
Everyone was still waiting for nightfall. The crew milled around, some eating dinner while others worked on makeup or costumes.
The night's shoot involved a large group scene with all the main cast members present. Charles casually glanced to the side and spotted Maxine under a tree, talking on the phone.
It wasn't clear who she was speaking to, but tears streamed down her face as she spoke, her expression heavy with sorrow.
Though she was a teenager, the way she cried made her seem like someone who had endured countless hardships.
Maxine was widely regarded as a rising star with limitless potential. Her acting had a natural brilliance, and her expressive eyes seemed to hold entire stories.
No matter how challenging the scenes the director assigned her, she absorbed them quickly and performed with exceptional finesse.
She often outshone the lead actress in this project. It was undeniable that some people were born for the spotlight, possessing an innate talent for acting that made their performances unforgettable.
Charles didn't get many scenes
opposite Maxine, but in the few they had recently shared, he noticed her creativity and ability to fully immerse herself in her role. She had a way of pushing him deeper into the performance, making every exchange more engaging, 
Having acted for years, Charles had worked with all kinds of co-stars. But
finding someone who could
genuinely challenge and inspire him on set was a rare joy, one that reminded him of why he loved his craft. 
Perhaps sensing his gaze, Maxine wiped her tears hastily and turned to look at him. Their eyes met.
Caught off guard, Maxine bit her lip and blushed furiously. It seemed she hadn't expected anyone to witness her vulnerable moment.
###chapter1565
 
Maxine glanced around nervously. Once she was sure no one was watching, she let out a sigh of relief.
She then quickly pretended not to see Charles and hurried back to her trailer. Inside her trailer, Maxine's eyes were red again. Her makeup artist, who had been helping her change her looks, couldn't help but wonder what was going on.
In just a few days, Maxine had changed so drastically. It was as though she had suffered a great injustice. Such a promising actress with an incredible future ahead couldn't possibly have so many reasons to be sad.
Yet, over the past few days, it was as if she had become a completely different person-often with red-rimmed eyes and unusually quiet.
The people on set started whispering that she might have experienced heartbreak, which, given her behavior, seemed plausible.
An hour later, Skylar arrived at the set with several portions of cut fruit, along with some smoothie and coffee for the crew.
Since this was a new production, not many people knew Skylar. But they became warm and welcoming once they learned that she was Charles' sister. Having heard of Skylar, the project director even added her on WhatsApp.
He mentioned that his next project was about appraising real and fake antiques, and he hoped Skylar could serve as a consultant.
Such work opportunities had been cropping up more often in recent years, and Skylar occasionally visited the set when she had free time.
After speaking with the director, Charles pulled Skylar aside and quietly said, "I'll take you to meet Maxine. But just so you know, her mood hasn't been great these last few days. When I spoke to you on the phone earlier, I saw her looking down, even crying on the phone.
"You might want to be prepared. She'll probably just greet you out of politeness because of me."
This was his first time helping his sister meet a celebrity, and he was a bit worried that Maxine's attitude might make Skylar feel uncomfortable. Skylar had come to meet Maxine and hoped to confirm a few things.
Skylar smiled and nodded. "I understand."
As they made their way to Maxine's rest area, Charles whispered, "She was so lively just a few days ago, but now, whenever she's not filming, she's not even at the set." 
When they reached Maxine's room, Charles knocked on the door. Within seconds, it opened. Maxine was alone in the room.
Seeing that it was Charles coming to find her, Maxine was a bit surprised. "Mr. Sullivan?"
She had just been crying, but perhaps she had fixed her makeup, so it wasn't as obvious. Yet, from up close, it was clear that her eyes were red and slightly swollen.
"This is my sister, Skylar Sullivan. She's a big fan of yours." Charles pretended not to notice Maxine's red eyes.
Over the past few days, Maxine's mood had been off, and everyone in the crew had noticed. It had become so obvious that it was no longer a surprise.
Maxine looked at Skylar and gave her a faint smile. "Thank you for liking me."
Skylar observed Maxine without a change in her expression.
There was always a subtle maic connection between people. If someone didn't click with you at first sight, the relationship would probably remain at a superficial level. 
This was what people often called being on different frequencies.
But despite her young age and apparent tack of worldly experience, Maxine's eyes were exceptionally clear, Skylar smiled and asked. "Could we have a private
conversation?" 
Maxine was taken aback but still agreed. After all, Skylar was Charles' sister. Not only was Maxine surprised, but even Charles stood there with wide eyes.
"Private conversation?" he thought to himself in disbelief.
###chapter1566
 
Charles had never realized how intensely Skylar was into celebrity fandom. He had assumed it was just about meeting someone, getting an autograph, or taking a photo.
But as the door closed behind him, Charles suddenly understood something. This wasn't just about fandom.
There was something more, something he didn't know. He wondered whether it might be related to Maxine's recent condition.
Before he could think further, the crew called him over to make changes to a scene in the script, and he had to go review it. Meanwhile, Skylar entered Maxine's resting room.
Maxine handed her a bottle of water. "Are you really my fan?" Maxine asked, looking at Skylar with a hint of doubt.
Her fans were mostly younger kids or girls around her age. When they met her, the first thing they did was ask for an autograph or a picture. Even the crew's relatives and friends who visited would ask for photos. It was rare for anyone to want to talk to her privately.
Skylar nodded. "I'm not your fan. I've never seen any of your work."
Maxine was surprised. "Then why...?"
She wasn't worried that Skylar might do anything harmful. After all, she was Charles' sister, and everyone in the industry knew how respected he was. His reputation was excellent, so his sister wasn't someone who would harm her.
But she was curious about the purpose behind this. She wondered why Skylar wanted to meet her.
"I know Minerva," Skylar added.
Maxine's expression changed immediately at the mention of Minerva's name. She looked at Skylar in shock. "Did Minerva send you to find me? Has she already told you about me? If so, why didn't she come to talk to me herself?"
Skylar saw Maxine's emotions shift, so she spoke gently, "Minerva and I are friends. We talked about a lot of things, but she didn't send me here. I came because I wanted to meet you."
Upon hearing this, Maxine's emotions settled slightly. "Are you here to stand up for Minerva?"
Maxine knew that in the eyes of many, her appearance in front of Minerva and Emerson, saying those things and doing those actions, made her look like nothing more than a homewrecker-the kind of person she despised most.
But no one could understand how she felt or what she had gone through.
"I know you might find what I'm saying hard to believe, but Emerson was still my husband just a few days ago. He adored me, loved me, and my career was thriving. Everything was so perfect," Maxine said, her eyes welling up with tears again as she spoke. 
The past few days had felt like a nightmare she couldn't wake up from. She had always feared this kind of situation, but now it felt so real. No matter how hard she tried, she couldn't escape it.
She didn't know where it had gone wrong. She wondered if she had lost her mind because of her work, making her believe she had been reborn. Otherwise, it was impossible for her to have two sets of memories in her mind.
One set was of memories of being in love with Emerson, while the other was of a life in which she barely knew him.
Skylar saw the struggle in Maxine's eyes and spoke gently, "I believe you didn't mean to ruin anyone's marriage."
Maxine's tears flowed freely, her disbelief evident as she looked at Skylar. "You believe me?" she asked. "Yes, I do." Skylar nodded.
Seeing the genuine trust in Skylar's
eyes, Maxine choked on her sobs. "In the past few days, whether it's my parents, Emerson or Minerva, they all think I've lost my mind. They say I'm just too stressed from acting and can't separate the role from reality. 
et
"But this isn't just some stress. My life shouldn't be like this. I don't know how to explain it to you. It's like I'm someone in their 30s who suddenly gets to relive their 20s all over again. Do you read those reincarnation novels? It's like that." 
###chapter1567
 
After all, being young, Maxine couldn't hide her emotions. Skylar nodded again and said, "I've read a bit about it, and I understand some of it." That was probably the response Maxine had been waiting for these past few days-someone who could believe her.
She couldn't hold back anymore. With tears streaming down her face, she cried out. "I've been in a haze these past few days. I've tried calming myself down, but I simply couldn't. I can't understand how Emerson, who was my husband, could become Minerva's husband.
"They even have a child now, and I saw the child. He's so cute. I don't want to destroy anyone's family, but... I just can't accept this."
Skylar took a couple of steps toward Maxine. Just as she was about to speak, she suddenly stopped, her brows furrowing slightly.
Her gaze fell to Maxine's wrist. Maxine was wearing a gold bracelet with a vial-shaped emerald pendant.
"Did you buy this bracelet yourself, or was it a gift?" Skylar's voice lowered.
Maxine, her eyelashes still damp with tears, followed Skylar's gaze down to her wrist. Lost in thought, she said, "It was a gift from a friend a few days ago. It was my birthday then, and my fans sent me many gifts. I don't know what it was, but I really liked this bracelet the moment I saw it.
"It's not a high-end brand, but I loved it, so I started wearing it. It even matched the character I'm playing in this show, so the director didn't ask me to take it off."
After speaking, she noticed Skylar's expression had turned serious.
Maxine quickly added, "The friend who gave it to me wasn't Emerson. It was someone else."
In fact, after meeting Minerva earlier today, she felt more regret. Maxine realized that she needed to calm down first.
She thought she should take a moment to carefully consider the situation she was facing, along with the overlapping memories in her mind.
"Could I see it?" she asked, still furrowing her brow, but her tone was gentle.
Maxine agreed with a soft "Okay" and then removed the bracelet from her wrist. However, as soon as the bracelet was off, she suddenly felt a strong urge to keep it. She couldn't let it go. 
So, after handing the bracelet to Skylar, her gaze stayed fixed on it.
Skylar took the bracelet and carefully examined the vial-shaped emerald pendant. The light green hue was stunning.
The color was beautiful, and the stone was clear. When worn on the wrist, it contrasted perfectly with the pale skin.
However, turning it over, Skylar
l
noticed something odd. The gold setting around the emerald had a slightly different texture. The intricate designs seemed to twist and weave in unexpected ways. 
UMS
Upon closer inspection, she noticed that the color of the gold itself was slightly uneven.
"Do you like this bracelet? Let me check with my friend and see where it was bought. I'll buy a new one for you."
Maxine didn't know why, but she
et
wasn't a particularly stingy person. A bracelet was nothing, and it wouldn't hurt to gift it to someone who appreciated it. 
###chapter1568
 
Maxine didn't know why, but it felt like she had developed a sense of attachment to this bracelet. She couldn't bear to give it away, nor did she want to.
It was a strange feeling, especially since it was just a piece of jewelry. She had many pieces of jewelry and often bought new ones whenever she went shopping, changing them daily.
But this was the first time she had worn a bracelet for such a long time and still couldn't bring herself to take it off.
Skylar shook her head and returned the bracelet, then looked at Maxine and asked, "Did you only realize that you had a new memory after you started wearing this bracelet and began to believe that Emerson was your husband in your previous life?"
Maxine wasn't sure why Skylar was asking this, but she still thought back carefully. "Now that you mention it, I think you're right. I didn't realize it until you said it, but that's probably what happened," she replied.
Skylar's face grew more serious as she nodded. It seemed Maxine wasn't experiencing a rebirth.
Instead, someone had used this bracelet to interfere with her memories.
Skylar continued, "After wearing the bracelet, you had a dream that night, and the next morning, you found that you had gained additional memories, right?"
Maxine's eyes widened in shock, staring at Skylar in disbelief. "You're right! How did you know that?"
"This bracelet is problematic," Skylar said in a low voice.
"Problematic?" Maxine was surprised and looked down at the bracelet on her wrist, still confused. She wondered what could have gone wrong, considering it was just a bracelet.
"Is it poor quality? Or is the emerald not real? Or maybe the material isn't real gold?"
From her experience buying jewelry over the years, she didn't think there was anything wrong with it. Besides, the friend who gave her the bracelet had known her for many years, just as long as she had known Emerson.
"There's nothing wrong with the quality." Skylar shook her head.
Maxine looked slightly disoriented and confused. "Then what's the problem?"
Just as Skylar was about to answer, there was a knock on the door. "Ms. Craig, the director has called for everyone to head over," a voice from outside said.
Upon hearing that, Maxine felt a bit apologetic. Looking at Skylar, she said, "I have to go film a few scenes with Mr. Sullivan and the others tonight. We have several scenes to shoot.
"We can talk more when I have time. But after speaking with you just now, I feel a sense of relief. Thank you."
As she walked toward the door,
ready to leave, she glanced back at Skylar. "As for the issue with the bracelet, we can discuss it next time we meet. I'll ask Mr. Sullivan for your
contact information
Swnov
Skylar watched as Maxine hurriedly left with the crew. She followed her out of the rest area and, once outside, sent a WhatsApp message to Charles to let him know she was leaving.
Once she got in the car, she dialed Minerva's number. Minerva picked up quickly.
"Is now a good time to talk?" Skylar asked.
"Yeah, it's fine. I'm in the bedroom, and my husband hasn't come home from work yet," Minerva replied.
"I just met Maxine," Skylar said.
"What? Did you meet Maxine? What did she say? Did she give you any trouble?" Minerva asked, her voice full of concern.
"No, she didn't give me any trouble. I was just visiting Charles on set and saw her white I was there. She has been obsessed with Emerson and said some things that weren't really her words. It's a negative item affecting her," Skylar explained. 
Minerva was shocked. "Negative items? Do you mean some sort of negative item influenced her and made her think my husband was her husband in a past life? And that's what caused her to have those
memories of being reborn? 
"That's one way to put it," Skylar replied.
She was starting to think that the negative item wasn't the main issue anymore. What mattered now was that someone might be targeting either Emerson or Minerva.
###chapter1569
 
If it weren't to target Minerva or Emerson, they wouldn't go to such lengths to indirectly use Maxine. Moreover, Maxine's parents knew Emerson's, so they could easily exploit the situation.
Minerva quickly regained her composure after the shock. She now understood part of what was going on. "So, it's highly likely someone wants to manipulate Maxine. Once we figure out who gave her the bracelet, we'll know who's behind this."
"Maxine rushed off to film and didn't have time to tell me who gave her the bracelet," Skylar replied.
Minerva sneered. "These people can't directly cause trouble for Emerson and me, so they're trying to drag others into their schemes. Maxine is so young, and they're already ruining her life, making her think she's been reborn and even married."
Skylar nodded in agreement.
"I'll look into this. It won't be difficult. It'll be easier to handle since we know it's the negative item causing this. I'll talk to Emerson about it. Thank you, Skylar," Minerva said, feeling deeply grateful.
Without Skylar, she would have spent the night worrying and second-guessing herself. She might have even questioned if her relationship and marriage with Emerson were somehow stolen from someone else.
Luckily, it was just someone meddling with negative items. After ending the call with Minerva, Skylar looked at the street ahead, her brow furrowing. There was now a negative item in existence that had the power to make someone believe they had been reborn. The appearance of one such item meant there would likely be more. Such things were dangerous.
If reincarnation were real, it might offer people a second chance-like her, getting to restart life with a chance to save herself. But now, it was about negative items manipulating people's memories.
The people whose memories were altered could no longer control their thoughts. The more they thought about it, the more extreme they became, eventually convincing themselves they had been abandoned.
They would then hurt the people they believed had betrayed them. People under the influence of a negative item had no control over their minds. When she finally returned to Galaxy Villa and saw Joe, she was still distracted by these thoughts.
"Did Charles run into some trouble? Joe asked, observing Skylar closely.
Skylar shook her head, snapping back to reality. "It's not Charles, it's Minerva."
She then explained the negative aspects that made people believe they had been reborn. Skylar also decided to have Joe watch for
anyone around him who might use reincarnation as a reason toget
close. 
toget
UMS
"I haven't noticed anything yet, but I've asked Paul to stay alert," Joe replied with a serious tone.
Both felt the gravity of the situation While few negative items had been discovered in the past couple of years, the ones showing up now were truly baffling. Content belongs
The ability to alter memories was something they had never expected. It seemed the calm in Jipsburg City was about to come to an end.
...
Two days later, during her lunch break, Skylar received a friend request on Instagram from Maxine. After accepting the request, Maxine greeted her
first.
When Skylar responded, Maxine
quickly sent a photo of the bracelet. "I saw some things about you online these past couple of days, and I learned a bit about negative items. The questions you asked me in the room. Do you suspect that this bracelet might be a negative item?" 
###chapter1570
 
Although the negative item affected Maxine's memory, she still had some clear judgment. Skylar let out a sigh of relief. "Your bracelet is not an ordinary accessory. It's a negative item."
A few minutes passed before Maxine asked again. "Then... does that mean the memories I suddenly started having, where I believe I've been reincarnated, are also influenced by the negative item?"
"Yes."
After that, Maxine didn't ask any further questions. About an hour later, Maxine texted. "Can I meet you? Can you come to the set?"
Skylar checked the time. "I'll be at the set by 6:00 pm."
"Okay, thanks."
Skylar arrived at the set ten minutes early at 5:50 pm. Maxine was already waiting for her.
As soon as she saw Skylar, she rushed over. "I don't start filming until 8:00 pm, so I have time to talk. Can we go to my trailer to discuss things?" "Sure." Skylar glanced around, but she didn't spot Charles.
He was probably busy filming. His role in the current production was significant.
His scenes were so numerous that, combined with those of the second male and female lead, they didn't add up to more than his. So, he rarely had the time to rest during the day.
Maxine added, "Mr. Sullivan is filming right now. He's been doing night shoots for the past few days. As soon as it's 5:00 pm, he has to be at the set for makeup."
Maxine's voice was respectful, and it was obvious that she highly regarded Charles as a senior in the industry.
Skylar nodded in acknowledgment.
Once they were in the trailer, Maxine removed the bracelet and began to examine it closely, turning it over in her hands. She inspected it from every angle but couldn't find anything unusual.
"When I took it off, I really didn't want
to. There was a voice in my mind
et
telling me to keep it, that it was important to me. But once I found out it was a negative item, the urge to get rid of it grew stronger, Maxine said as she handed the negative item to Skylar. 
Skylar took it from her. "You trust me that much?"
et
"I trust the character of both Mr. Sullivan and you. My parents know Mr. Gardner. Senior, and he holds you in extremely high regard. My parents said they've never seen him praise a young person so highly, especially considering how picky he is? 
"These past few days, I've calmed down a lot. Sometimes, I can't help but think about those sudden memories that came to me. But
when calm down, I realize
I
something doesn't quite add up,"
Maxine said, her brows furrowing. 
She was troubled. If it hadn't been for Skylar's appearance, she would still be lost in self-questioning, unable to get past why her husband was taken from her and why things were different from her past life.
But when she calmed down and thought it over, she realized that just a few days ago, she had never had feelings for Emerson. She always thought of him as her brother, a family figure who watched her grow up.
Even if years had passed, she could never have seen herself with him. But then, she wondered why the memories of her previous life depicted her and Emerson sharing such sweet moments.
Now, when she thought about those memories, they felt like a dream or a scene from a play.
"Who gave you the bracelet?" Skylar asked.
Maxine hesitated before frowning. "It was Ford Fisher. He's three years older than me, and he's also a friend of Emerson. I don't think he knew it was a negative item.
"Otherwise, he wouldn't have given me such a harmful thing. My friends know I love jewelry, so for my birthday, they often give me pieces like this." Skylar nodded. "Are you sure you want me to handle the bracelet?"
"I don't want to keep such a harmful thing. Could you take care of it for me?" Maxine said decisively, though her heart still wavered a bit.
###chapter1571
 
After Skylar handled the bracelet, she left the set. When she got home, just as she was about to contact Minerva, Minerva called her first. "Emerson found out through a friend that the person who gave Maxine the bracelet is Ford Fisher. Ford is one of Emerson's friends. They've known each other since childhood, growing up in the same community.
"We're still not sure whether Ford knew the bracelet was a negative item, but we should be able to confirm that soon," Minerva said.
Skylar replied, "I just met Maxine. She gave me the bracelet and asked me to dispose of it. She also told me Ford gave it to her. The matter should be resolved soon since you've already found that out. Make sure you and Emerson stay careful."
"Don't worry. Maxine is a good woman. I'm glad you figured out she was being influenced by the negative item. She just called me and apologized but then rushed off to her shoot, so I didn't talk to her for long." Minerva's tone sounded much lighter.
Skylar also had many positive things to say about Maxine. "She really is a good woman, smart and decisive."
A few days later, Minerva told her they had confirmed that Ford was the one behind the scheme. It turned out Ford had been jealous of Emerson.
In recent years, Emerson's career had been progressing smoothly. He was highly capable and well-respected by his superiors. Meanwhile, Ford had
always been compared unfavorably to Emerson by his family, who kept urging him to learn from Emerson in every way.
This created resentment in Ford, and after being manipulated by some ill-intentioned individuals, he decided to take matters into his own hands.
Ford likely considered other ways to damage Emerson's reputation, but since Emerson was always upright and had never made a mistake at work, Ford's schemes were useless. Eventually, he resorted to using a negative item and involving Maxine in his plan.
Ford probably didn't expect such a roundabout method to be discovered, nor did he anticipate that Minerva would know Skylar.
In any case, the matter was now settled.
Over the weekend, Skylar and Joe attended a family dinner at Rosestone Residence.
Everyone except Charles was there. After the dinner, Skylar and Joe were on their way home when they stopped halfway.
The two decided to take a walk along the river to help digest the large meal they had just enjoyed.
Under the night sky, a gentle breeze drifted along the riverside. The atmosphere was serene under the soft glow of the streetlights.
Skylar and Joe, their fingers
intertwined, found a bench after
walking for a while and sat down to rest. The evening breeze brushed lightly against their faces, carrying a soothing coolness. 
Leaning against Joe's shoulder, Skylar sighed. "Kids are adorable."
She had been thinking about Steven and Mona's child, who was not only incredibly cute but had inherited the best traits from both parents. The child was polite and bright anten said surprisingly insightful things for someone so young. 
Joe gave a soft hum of agreement. "They are adorable."
Skylar's voice grew wistful. "In a couple of years, let's have a child too."
She wasn't sure why, but this thought had been on her mind a lot lately.
Perhaps it was because of the child they had lost a few years ago. The ache of that memory lingered, and the longing resurfaced. Joe's arm tightened slightly around her shoulders. "Alright."
Skylar checked the time and was startled to find it was already 10:00 pm. "It's getting late. We should head home."
Joe looked up and noticed that the streets were still busy, with people passing by and cars lining the road. It was easy to lose track of time amidst the bustle. 
"Let's go. Wear my jacket," Joe said, shrugging off his coat and draping it over Skylar's shoulders.
Earlier, the breeze had felt gentle, almost unnoticeable. But now, it had picked up, carrying a sharper chill that lingered in the air. The couple walked a bit farther along the path, the wind tugging lightly at their clothes as they continued through the quiet night.
###chapter1572
 
Elsie descended the staircase nearby.
She had noticed them earlier. Feeling restless, she had come out for a walk to clear her mind, only to stumble upon Joe and Skylar together.
The way they interacted in private was far more intimate than she had assumed.
Before, she had convinced herself that their displays of affection were nothing more than an act for cameras or for appearances in front of others. The idea that it might be real had seemed laughable.
Even the last time at the airport, she had told herself it was all for a show. With Paul present and her standing nearby, of course, Joe would act that way.
But just now, no one else was around. No audience, no crowd. Yet, the two of them were as intimate as ever.
Some things simply couldn't be faked. The way Joe instinctively moved closer to Skylar, and the subtle affection in his gestures told the truth.
The realization hit her like a wave, and her vision blurred with tears. For the first time in her life, she felt utterly defeated.
At that moment, her phone rang. The name "Mr. Rowe" flashed on the screen. Her heart tightened as she stared at the name.
After hastily wiping her tears, she answered, steadying her voice. "Mr. Rowe."
"The one-month deadline is nearly up. From what I hear, you've approached Joe privately more than once, and he hasn't shown the slightest interest in you, has he?" Alban's voice was icy, sharp with disappointment and anger.
Over the past few weeks, he had been working to orchestrate "chance" encounters between her and Joe, attending events where Joe was likely to be.
But it wasn't working.
Joe lived up to his reputation. No matter how beautiful or charming someone was, they turned to air in his presence.
Elsie's eyes reddened further as she whispered, "He loves his wife. I saw it myself-they're truly in love."
"I've found someone else. You don't
need to appear in front of Joe
anymore. Come see me tomorrow. If you keep me happy, your family will have nothing to worry about in Jipsburg. You'll live a life of
lovely
privilege," Alban said. 
His words made it clear he had set his sights on Elsie. Elsie's whole body trembled with fear as she stammered, "Mr. Rowe... I....."
net
"Not willing to please me, are you? Have you forgotten your family's situation? Even if you refuse me today, you'll end up as someone else's plaything sooner or later Think carefully. Spare yourself unnecessary suffering." 
Alban was not a man known for kindness or restraint. From his position of power, women were little more than entertainment to him.
The ones he chose to play with were all exceptional beauties. Elsie was no exception; her appeal was heightened only by her striking resemblance to Joe's wife.
He knew he could never touch Skylar, but a woman who looked like her was a different story. He could do as he pleased. In fact, he could still create opportunities for Elsie to appear before Joe.
But recently, selfish desires had taken over.
"It's not that, Mr. Rowe. I... I think I can still try, don't believe Mr. Martin will stay in love with his wife forever. No one can keep eating the same thing without getting tired of it. We agreed on one month. Please give me another month." 
Her voice cracked as she begged, desperation spilling out of her. The mere thought of becoming one of Alban's mistresses made her stomach churn. Alban went silent for a moment before scoffing. "There's no difference between half a month and a month. Come see me tomorrow."
Before she could say another word, the line went dead. He hadn't even given her a chance to plead further.
The phone slipped from her trembling hands, and she crumpled to the ground beneath the streetlamp's glow. She sobbed uncontrollably, her cries breaking the stillness of the night.
She had no idea how long she remained there. Eventually, a soft voice reached her ears.
"It looks like you're dealing with some problems. Would you like some help? I might even be able to make your wishes come true."
###chapter1573
 
On the street outside the filming set, cars passed by while people walked back and forth. But one person stood across the road. Looking up, she could see several billboards nearby.
Charles' ads were everywhere. His handsome face caught the eye of anyone who passed by. Many people would glance at it twice.
In Jipsburg, many girls were his fans. Charles had become one of the most famous male actors in the industry.
Ruth squinted her eyes, staring at Charles' face on the billboard with intense hatred. "Charles? You've become a superstar, but why don't you care about your own sister? You treat your non-biological sister so well, yet every time I try to contact you, you ignore me.
"Do I not exist to you? And Steven and Harvey, you're all the same. You're all heartless! Am I not your sister too?"
Grinding her teeth in frustration, Ruth muttered to herself for a while before turning and walking toward the set.
Before she could enter, she was stopped by a security guard.
"You can't go in," the security guard, Mortimer Clayton, said.
Ruth immediately adopted a superior attitude. "Why can't I go in? I need to see Charles. I'm his sister."
"Charles' sister?" Mortimer looked Ruth up and down, then raised his hand to push her away.
"Don't make things up. Do you think we haven't seen his real sister before? There are always people trying to pretend to be his girlfriend or sister. Don't think you can sneak in. What's with young girls these days? Always trying to scam people. Go on, leave!"
Ruth's face darkened. "Look properly, I'm Charles' sister. The one you've seen is not his real sister. I'm the real one."
Mortimer was completely speechless. "If you're his sister, call him and have him come out to get you! What kind of young girl spends all her time trying to deceive people like this?"
Mortimer couldn't help but wonder if Ruth thought he was blind.
A few days ago, when Charles' real sister visited the set, he personally came out to greet her. Everyone in the crew liked Skylar, and even the security guards were treated to fruits and coffee she brought.
Looking at the girl in front of him, who was acting so arrogantly and dismissively toward them, it was clear who had good manners and who didn't.
"You're nothing but a bunch of dogs working for people! If you're going to act like dogs, then do it properly! Go get Charles! Tell him his sister is here and wants to see him." Ruth's anger surged as she fixed the
security guards with a piercing glare. 
She thought, "A bunch of worthless, arrogant people!"
If this were a few years ago, no one would have dared to treat her like this.
Mortimer laughed at Ruth's shamelessness. "Who do you think you are? Do you think you're the first one trying to see Charles? There are tons of people who want that. Don't even think about causing a scene. We'll call the cops and have you escorted out of here if you keep this up." 
The crew was currently filming, and since Charles was the male lead, he had no time to meet fans. The person in front of them might be one of his anti-fans, intentionally causing trouble.
Anyway, this wasn't Charles' sister. His sister was even more beautiful than the female lead of their show.
"You! You'll regret this. When Charles
finds out, he'll make you pay. We'll see how you handle it then! You
won't be able to keep your jobs
then!" Ruth
was nearly driven mad
by these security guards, whose
meager salaries couldn't stop them
from being so disrespectful. 
A security guard, earning only a few thousand dollars a month, had no right to be so arrogant.
"Don't worry about it. Just leave!" Mortimer said.
"Who are you looking down on? Take a good look at yourself," Ruth scolded.
"She's probably just one of Charles' anti-fans," one of them muttered.
"Yeah, now that you mention it, she kinda looks like one," another agreed.
###chapter1574
 
The group of security guards jabbered at Ruth, making her face turn red with anger.
She was furious with Charles. If he had just acknowledged her identity, she wouldn't have been mocked and looked down on like this.
"You'll regret this!" Ruth angrily pointed at the security guards.
As the security guards were about to respond, they suddenly noticed someone walking toward them. It was Charles.
Charles had just finished filming and changed into casual clothes. As he walked over, he didn't notice Ruth right away. He was used to being watched by numerous eyes, so he didn't pay much attention.
"Charles..." one of the security guards murmured under his breath, drawing Ruth's attention immediately.
She quickly turned to look at him. Charles caught sight of her too. This was the first time they had met in person, though they had both seen each other's pictures.
Just one glance, and they instantly recognized each other. Charles' face immediately hardened.
Ruth quickly walked toward him. "I finally found you! Charles, tell them right now that I'm your sister. They're saying your sister is someone else, not me. You need to tell them the truth!"
She couldn't wait to have Charles prove the security guards wrong.
"Mr. Sullivan, should we call the police for help?" One of the security guards asked, seeing Ruth's frantic behavior.
Charles shook his head. "No need. I'll handle it. Just make sure to keep her away if she tries to come back."
"You! Charles, what are you even saying? Whether you acknowledge it or not, I'm your sister. You can't deny that." Ruth was furious at Charles' coldness.
Charles was so indifferent toward her in front of everyone.
Charles grabbed Ruth's arm and yanked her to the side. After walking a short distance, he squinted at her and asked, "What exactly do you want?" Ruth truly was the child of Finn and Miriam, taking shamelessness to a whole new level. She was even more shameless than Finn and that mistress of his. Their love child even dared to show up at the set.
Not only did she not reflect on being scolded by him over the phone, but now he dared to appear in person.
Ruth crossed her arms, her anger
radiating as she glared at Charles. "I told you over the phone, I have
nowhere to go right now. When bet
came back to Jipsburg, I had no choice but to rely on you. You're my brother. You must take me in. 
"And since you're a celebrity, if you don't want any bad press about abandoning your sister, you'd better take me in. Or, just give me five million a month. One million isn't enough for me, but five million is! I'll
ne
be your good sister and cause you
no trouble as long as use you
you do this for
me." 
She never expected that, more than two years ago, she would successfully have a kidney transplant abroad. After recovering her health, she discovered that her family had nothing left and was drowning in debt.
Even her grandfather's family had moved out of Jipsburg, and now they were living in utter poverty.
Her parents had divorced. Finn had stayed in Murida, living as poorly as a beggar. There was no way she could go to him for help.
As for Miriam, in the past two years, she had taken up with a boy toy and spent all her money on him, while she was now aimlessly wandering through life, not caring about Ruth at all.
Ruth couldn't bear the sudden downfall of her life. Once a socialite, now she didn't even have ten thousand dollars to her name.
Seeing Charles and the others, each
more glamorous than the last, living in a villa, driving luxury cars, and surrounded by wealth, she couldn't help but think, "Why is it that they, sharing the same father, had everything, while I have nothing?" 
She was the sister, the one who deserved to be taken care of. Skylar had stolen everything from her-the real sister.
###chapter1575
 
Ruth knew very well that as a celebrity, the last thing Charles would want was a scandal. Once a scandal hit, he would lose his fans for sure. Or, even if he were to get some business endorsements, it would force Charles to make compensations. After all, for Charles, scandals were a definite no-go.
She knew this about the entertainment industry better than anyone.
Charles looked at her, as though he had heard something unbelievable. Her way of thinking really left him speechless.
"Five million?" he chuckled slightly.
She was daring to ask.
Ruth raised an eyebrow. "Yes, five million dollars! I know it's not much for you. You're always working, shooting movies, attending variety shows, and taking on all kinds of endorsements. I've seen the news, and now you're probably the highest-earning actor out there.
"So, it's really just a few tens of millions of dollars a year you're giving me. I'm your sister, so it's not much. Oh, and I almost forgot to tell you, you probably don't know what's going on with Dad, right?
"He's in Murida, and he's about to end up on the streets. I might also need to send him a few hundred thousand every month with these five million dollars. Since you make so much money, you should take care of your family.
"Then you can help me get into the entertainment industry. Once I make it big, maybe I'll even give you some money. After all, we're family, and I'll consider you my best brother from now on."
Ruth said all this with confidence.
In the past, she looked down on female celebrities in the entertainment industry. She believed they would do anything for acting roles, but she refused to lower herself like that.
But things were different now. Charles was a superstar, and getting into the entertainment industry was a breeze.
She would have no trouble landing a leading role if she wanted one. Becoming famous would be effortless.
Charles was shocked by Ruth's shamelessness. "Get lost."
He then quickly got into the car parked nearby. Ruth froze, stunned. "You! You..."
"If you dare come after me again, you'll regret it. Don't bother my brothers and the others!" With that, Charles slammed the door shut.
He thought, "Want to be my sister? With that kind of character and mindset, how could she possibly be worthy?"
Freddie, who happened to be in the car, noticed Charles' grim expression and immediately asked, "What's going on?"
"I ran into some trash," Charles said coldly.
Freddie raised an eyebrow. "Trash? What kind of trash could make you so angry? We've seen a lot of trash over the years, but this level of trash is rare. Let me take a look. 
As he spoke, Freddie reached for the car door to step outside and check. But when he saw Charles' coldglare, he quickly touched his nose and chuckled awkwardly. 
The driver stepped on the gas, and the car sped away, covering a good distance.
It wasn't until the car was far gone that Ruth finally came to her senses after being told to leave.
She slowly widened her eyes. "He told me to get lost?"
Just moments ago, when Charles had looked at her, it was as though he had seen a dangerous predator.
She couldn't believe it. She was his
biological sister. At a time like this when she needed help from her family, he completely refused to help her. 
AQUMS
She made a decision. Since Charles wouldn't help her, and she couldn't get to Steven or Harvey, she would go find Skylar. Skylar wasn't even their sister, but they treated her so well. She couldn't understand why. Ruth wondered if it was simply because Skylar had married that perfect man, Joe Martin.
It had to be. She couldn't deny it-Skylar's luck was extraordinary. She married a man like Joe.
In the parking lot, at the end of the workday, colleagues were driving their cars out one by one.
###chapter1576
 
Skylar finished her workday as usual. After exiting the parking lot, she reached the first traffic light. It was red, so she stopped the car.
While waiting for the light to turn green, someone suddenly stood in front of her car. When the light changed to red, she honked, signaling the person to move.
However, the person stood still, seemingly ignoring the horn. Skylar frowned slightly.
She waited for a moment, but the car behind her kept honking. Then, the person blocking her way suddenly walked over to her car door, knocked on it, and signaled her to get out.
Skylar carefully studied the person outside. She looked familiar, as if she had seen her somewhere before. The woman knocked on the car door again. Skylar raised an eyebrow.
It then hit her who the woman was, and it was no wonder she felt familiar.
She turned the steering wheel slightly, moving her car to the side to allow the cars behind her to pass.
Then, she opened the door and stepped out. After glancing at her wristwatch to check the time, she finally looked up at the person blocking her path. It was Ruth, the daughter of Finn and Miriam, the woman who had tried various methods over two years ago to get Steven and the others to donate a kidney to her.
Skylar was surprised to see Ruth approaching her now.
She recalled how Ruth followed her on Instagram two years ago and even video-called her. She must have some ulterior motives, or she wouldn't have sought her out.
Considering what she had heard about Ruth and her family recently, Skylar braced herself for what was coming.
"Ruth, right?" Skylar said, her eyes scanning Ruth up and down as she spoke coldly.
Ruth's jealousy only grew the longer she stared at Skylar. She could tell Skylar's car was a limited edition, worth a few tens of millions of dollars, and her clothes were all custom-made by top luxury brands.
They were the same kinds of
custom pieces she could never
afford, the same car she could never
.n
drive! When she was young, her grandfather's company was doing well, yet they still couldn't buy these limited-edition cars. 
"You've stolen everything that should've been mine, Skylar. If it weren't for you, my brothers would never have ignored me.
"I'm their real sister. Why should you, an outsider, get to keep them?" Ruth ground her teeth and asked, her words dripping with resentment. The jealousy in her eyes was unmistakable.
Skylar couldn't help but feel a bit exasperated. "How old are you now? 22? 23? At your age, don't you understand some basic principles of how to behave?"
"You! I came here to tell you, don't talk to my brothers again. They are my brothers, not yours! You have no blood ties to them, so don't ever see them again.
"And I'm sure you only know Joe
because my brothers introduced you to him, right? You've gotten so much more than me, their real sister. You owe me! You're so rich, so give me a billion, and I'll forgive everything you've done. 
"But after this, you can never see my brothers again."
Ruth's words came out with such confidence as if she truly believed that everything she said was completely reasonable. She didn't even notice how outrageous her demands sounded.
In her mind, Skylar had received all the benefits. Therefore, she owed her.
"If it weren't for you, my brothers would've donated a kidney to me. The kidney got is unhealthy, and now my health is terrible. I get tired easily, and it affects my work. All of this is your fault!" Ruth continued, her voice shaking with frustration as she tried to manipulate Skylar with guilt. 
At that moment, Skylar's phone buzzed with a new WhatsApp message. She glanced at the screen and saw that it was from Charles.
"Ruth came to see me. She's just as shameless as Finn and Miriam-no, even worse."
###chapter1577
 
Skylar couldn't understand Ruth's behavior. She had just seen Charles, and now here Ruth was, confronting her once again.
Skylar was baffled by Ruth's thought process. Perhaps it was something she had picked up from her upbringing.
She slid her phone back into her bag and looked at Ruth with piercing eyes. "Maybe you should get your brain checked and take your parents along while you're at it."
Despite Ruth's youth, it wasn't an excuse for her misguided worldview. She made mistakes and shifted all the blame to others without any self- reflection—she truly had no moral sense.
Ruth's face flushed with anger. "What nonsense are you talking about? Did you even listen to what I said? I told you it's all your fault. You should compensate me!" she shouted, her voice full of resentment.
Just then, a handsome figure on a motorcycle appeared before them. Caleb took off his helmet and looked down at Ruth with a steady gaze.
He had originally planned to pass through the intersection, but upon seeing Skylar's car, he noticed the woman in front of her. Although he couldn't hear their conversation, it was obvious from Ruth's demeanor that she was being aggressive.
It didn't look like they were catching up. It seemed more like she was looking for trouble.
"Do you need help?" Caleb asked.
Ruth, who was always drawn to handsome men, was momentarily stunned when she saw Caleb. But as soon as she realized he was addressing Skylar, she quickly snapped back to attention.
She realized that this handsome guy knew Skylar. It looked like he treated her well.
"The one who needs help is me. Skylar is so impressive, and she married such an impressive man. What help could she possibly need?" Ruth quickly said.
She wondered if Caleb realized she was the one who was in a disadvantaged position.
Skylar was driving a luxury car while Ruth had to take a cab.
The cab ride there had nearly driven her mad. The driver was an elderly man who barely seemed fit to be behind the wheel, and Ruth was done with it.
Caleb raised an eyebrow as he dismounted from his motorcycle.
"There's nothing going on," Skylar replied to him calmly.
Caleb gave a hum of acknowledgment before looking Ruth up and down. "What exactly are you trying to do by blocking Skylar here?"
Ruth had been accustomed to a
crowd of admirers and handsome men flattering her wherever she went. But this guy-he was different. He was distant and cold, andshe didn't like it. 
She frowned in displeasure. "Of course, I have business with her. We have a lot to talk about. As for what it's about, that's none of your concern. But I'm curious, what's your relationship with Skylar?" 
"Could it be..." Her eyes narrowed as her mind began to race.
Her thoughts raced to all the older women who kept younger men around for their attention. She wondered if Caleb was one of Skylar's boy toys. Their relationship seemed so good.
She never expected that coming to see Skylar today would lead to such a surprising discovery. This was Skylar's Achilles' heel, and Skylar was afraid that Joe would find out.
"What could it be?" Caleb immediately saw through Ruth's intentions. Her squinting at people, her eyes full of dark intent, made it clear she wasn't up to much good.
"Could it be that you and Skylar have
?
some improper relationship? Why else would you show up so suddenly to defend her? That motorcycle you're riding looks expensive Did Skylar buy it for you?" 
She was certain her assumption was right.
Skylar and this handsome guy were definitely involved in something more than just a casual acquaintance.
Skylar was utterly speechless.
She couldn't help but wonder how Finn and Miriam had managed to raise someone like Ruth.
###chapter1578
 
Skylar said coldly, "Leave before I lose my temper."
Ruth crossed her arms and sneered. "That quick to fly into a rage? Did I hit a nerve? Are you afraid I'll uncover more of the truth, so you're trying to drive me away? If you're bold enough to do it, why do you fear me finding out?"
"Where did this idiot come from?" Caleb muttered, his lips twitching with disbelief. She wasn't bad-looking, but her thought process seemed completely scrambled.
"You called me an idiot? You're nothing but a kept man living off a woman. What right do you have to insult me? Do you think Skylar will keep protecting you forever? Wait until Joe finds out about your relationship with her.
"Who knows what he'll do to you? And Skylar-don't think Joe won't divorce you when he learns the truth."
Ruth stood there with a triumphant expression as if she had uncovered some great truth. It was almost laughable.
Caleb couldn't help but burst into laughter, loud and uninhabited. He laughed so hard he couldn't get a word out. He had been called many things in his life, but this was the first time anyone had dared label him a kept man.
If being with Skylar made him a kept man, then he would gladly sign up for that life. He might even wake up laughing in his dreams.
On the other hand, Skylar tugged at the corner of her lips, entirely speechless.
Ruth stared at Caleb, confused by his sudden laughter. "What's so funny? What's there to laugh about? Are you just trying to cover up your guilt by laughing it off?"
Her words sounded confident, but doubt crept into her expression. Neither Skylar nor Caleb seemed nervous or guilty-far from the panicked reactions one might expect from people caught red-handed.
"I'm laughing at how stupid you are. Are you sure you have a brain? If you do, do you even use it? In this day and age, it's rare to find someone as dumb as you. Truly one of a kind."
Once Caleb had laughed to his heart's content, he immediately launched into a tirade.
With that, he turned to Skylar. "You should head home. I'll deal with this idiot-it's kind of my specialty."
Skylar checked the time, then said casually, "Do you remember that incident three years ago when Finn and Miriam forced my brother to donate a kidney? She's their daughter."
Caleb's eyes widened in surprise. He glanced between Skylar and Ruth. "You're kidding me! Those two were already unbelievable enough, but now their kid's here too? They left Jipsburg after making fools of themselves. What's she even doing here?" 
"Who are you calling unbelievable? My parents are amazing people. If it weren't for Skylar and her family,
we'd all be living happily right nowet
I'm the younger sister of three brothers, and I only needed one kidney from them-what's the big deal? It's not like anyone was going to die because of it. 
"Instead of treating me well, they doted on Skylar, standing by while I suffered through illness. I'm the victim here! Why can't you see that? Yet you're standing up for Skylar?" Ruth's eyes welled up as she accused Caleb, her voice thick with frustration. 
They were all clueless. Steven, Charles, and Harvey were just as bad-they had all been completely manipulated by her. Otherwise, they would have felt sorry for her, the one who was sick, instead of blindly thinking that whatever Skylar did was right.
Caleb rolled his eyes in disbelief. "I shouldn't be wasting my time explaining anything to someone like you."
Skylar chuckled softly at Caleb's exasperated expression. She said, "Let's go."
"You go first." Caleb had no doubt Ruth would keep pestering Skylar. Someone needed to hold her off.
Skylar nodded, got in her car, and prepared to drive away.
Realizing what was happening, Ruth snapped to attention. "No! Skylar, you can't leave! You owe me compensation, and I want it paid in full right now."
"Seriously? Where is your shame?" Caleb shoved Ruth aside as she moved to block the car. He had never seen anything like this in his life. Skylar shot Ruth a cold look, stepped on the gas, and sped off.
"Why are you stopping me? Who even are you? Why do you care so much? This is between me and Skylar, and it has nothing to do with you! "I see. You're just Skylar's kept man, aren't you? You're too ashamed to be seen in public, and you can't stand seeing anyone else doing well, can you?
"Do you even understand what she owes me? She has to make it up to me. She has to pay me back!" Ruth shouted, her desperation growing.
###chapter1579
 
No matter how hard she pushed, Ruth couldn't move Caleb.
After all, a woman's strength was nothing compared to a man's. Moreover, she only had one kidney, which further weakened her.
Thinking about her single kidney, Ruth's eyes reddened with grievance. "Have you all been brainwashed? Why does everyone think I'm the one in the wrong? Clearly, I'm the weak one. I'm the one who needs care and protection!
"Skylar lives such a glamorous life, and yet you all still defend her! My three brothers are all so healthy-what's the big deal about giving me a healthy kidney?
"Losing one kidney is no big deal, so why act like my parents and I are the ones who did something wrong?"
"Damn!" Caleb exclaimed. It had been a while since he last met such a manipulative person. Furthermore, she was one with a screw loose in her head.
It seemed like only Ruth could pull off such a low level of guilt-tripping. It reminded Caleb of the events over two years ago with Finn and Miriam. Back then, the drama had caused a huge uproar, and almost everyone in Jipsburg knew about it.
People had endless discussions about the situation. Anyone with decent moral values were left speechless by Finn and Miriam's shamelessness. Fortunately, the morally skewed Finn had left back then. Otherwise, Caleb couldn't imagine what kind of person Skylar would become under Finn's influence.
"You don't understand! You don't understand anything! I've already lost everything. My parents divorced because of those news stories, and now I can only rely on myself. What else can I do? Even my brothers won't talk to me anymore.
"This is all Skylar's fault! If she hadn't said something to them, how could they have abandoned their own sister?"
Tears streamed down Ruth's face, her words full of accusations.
Caleb couldn't help but twitch the corner of his mouth. "Your tears are no different from a crocodile's. Instead of asking why others are against you, maybe you should reflect on the things your parents have done.
"If you have any sense of shame, stop bothering Skylar and her family. If you've got any brains, just leave."
After finishing his sentence, Caleb stepped on the gas and sped off on his motorcycle. He was afraid of losing his temper if he stayed any longer. Ruth's eyes widened as she watched Caleb leave with an expression of utter disdain. Her face burned, as if Caleb had slapped her multiple times. Since childhood, Ruth had always been the most dazzling, most outstanding person in everyone's eyes. No one had ever looked at her with such contempt.
"Why? Why do all of you look down
on me like this? I'm not the one in the wrong, yet you all blame me! I'm not the one who's sick-you are! You're all sick! 
"I won't give up. The more you despise me today, the more you'll regret it in the future. Each of you will come crawling to beg for my forgiveness!" Gritting her teeth in anger, Ruth cursed furiously.
Steven and the others would also regret it someday.
She was their only biological sister If they didn't protect her and instead watched her suffer in isolation, they would surely face retribution in the
future! ve
The hardships she faced today were meant to make her rise again!
"They'll all regret this!"
"Hey, aren't you Ruth Sullivan?"
A man's surprised voice interrupted Ruth. Startled, Ruth turned to look at him.
He looked familiar, like a high school classmate, but she couldn't remember his name.
"I'm Jed Pascall. Don't you
remember? We were high school
classmates-I always sat behind you. Weren't you sick? And your parents were looking for someone to donate..." 
###chapter1580
 
Jed, realizing the words he was about to say wasn't appropriate, quickly stopped himself.
After all, he had a crush on Ruth throughout high school. Everyone knew Ruth had fallen ill, and her family had also encountered some trouble.
The news stirred up quite a commotion back then. Many people used to envy Ruth's privileged family background, but after seeing how her parents behaved, everyone started to think differently.
Ruth bit her lip, her face flushed. "I managed to find a suitable kidney donor and successfully underwent surgery. I'm fine now."
"That's great! Congratulations!" Jed said enthusiastically, his eyes scanning Ruth.
He had a feeling that the once untouchable goddess wasn't doing so well these days-perhaps not even as well as he was.
The high school beauty, who had always seemed beyond reach, was now standing right in front of him, and there was even a chance he could win her over effortlessly. How could he possibly let go of such a golden opportunity?
After returning to the country, it was rare for Ruth to meet someone who looked at her with such admiration. She knew Jed had a crush on her back in high school-almost all the boys in her grade had liked her.
Otherwise, Jed wouldn't have been so eager to invite her to dinner. Her vanity was greatly satisfied.
"Alright then," Ruth agreed, her tone lofty and condescending.
Skylar had no idea what Ruth did after leaving.
She and Charles were both busy with their own lives. She had forgotten that Ruth had ever shown up after a few days.
She might not have even remembered if it weren't for her sister-in-law, Mona's call.
"Mona."
"Skye, I hope I'm not disturbing you," Mona said.
Skylar smiled and replied, "Not at all. I'm just done with work, so I'm free now."
1.n
Although she got along well with Mona, they rarely spoke on the phone, so receiving a call from her was a bit unexpected. Even if something was up, Skylar would always say it wasn't a bother 
Mona hesitated before saying, "Your
brother has been away on a
et
ne
business trip these past two days and has been very busy. I didn't know who else to talk to regarding this matter. So, I felt it would be best to speak with you." 
"What is it, Mona? Please tell me," Skylar asked immediately.
Steven was usually very busy, and Mona was handling most household matters.
Although they had hired a nanny, and Mona's mother often helped out, being pregnant and caring for a child must have been exhausting for her. Skylar was very understanding of Mona's situation.
Mona let out a soft sigh. "Ruth came to see me about an hour ago."
Ruth? Hearing this, Skylar frowned. "What did she want from you?"
She had assumed Ruth would only pester her and Steven. She didn't expect Ruth to go looking for Mona. Ruth was truly out of her mind!
"It seems you all know she's back. I
guess your brother didn't tell me about these messy matters because he didn't want me to feel stressed.1 was surprised she came to me If she hadn't introduced herself, wouldn't have recognized her. 
"She said she's out of money and asked me to give her some. She even said I'm her sister-in-law and should take care of her," Mona explained. Hearing this reminded her of Maisy from years ago. In certain ways, the two were really quite similar.
Skylar replied sternly, "Mona, don't pay her any attention! She's crazy!"
"I didn't, but... she had injuries on her face. I feel like something might be wrong with her," Mona added.
###chapter1581
 
Skylar frowned. "She injured her face? And she seems off?"
"Yes, she's just like those two other people, completely lacking basic moral values. She wanted money from me, but how could I possibly give it to her?
"She's young and able-bodied. She could easily support herself, yet she chooses to beg others for money. That alone disgusts me.
"At first, she was wearing a mask, but when she saw I was leaving, she took it off and started playing the victim. She said she had no one to rely on, that many people bullied her, and if I didn't help her, she'd die.
"I didn't want to argue with her while pregnant, so I left. But thinking about it now, something feels off."
Mona had always been kind-hearted-she even donated to charities monthly. But she couldn't muster any sympathy for someone like Ruth, who only knew how to ask others for money.
She knew how much Ruth's parents had wronged Janine and Steven.
As Steven's wife, Mona empathized deeply. As the eldest brother, Steven had huge responsibilities growing up. While younger siblings could cry, the eldest couldn't. With their father absent, Steven had to shoulder part of the burden himself, along with Janine.
Whenever she thought about how hard Steven's childhood had been and how accomplished he was now, her heart ached for him. Steven had sacrificed far too much.
Skylar then said, "I haven't interacted with her much, but if she keeps coming to us, it's clear she's out of money.
"She's used to a life of luxury but doesn't want to put in the effort to support it herself. That's why she keeps coming back to us. Mona, I think you should tell Steven about this."
Mona thought for a moment and agreed. "Alright, I'll talk to him. You should be careful too. She seems like the type who could easily go down the wrong path and do something shocking. Don't let her hurt you."
"Got it. I'll be careful. You take care as well."
After ending the call, Skylar reached out to Charles and told him what Mona had just shared.
Hearing this, Charles let out a cold laugh. "She's really bold-bringing shamelessness to a whole new level. Alright, I'll look into her and see what's going on."
Charles found himself feeling uneasy every time he heard the name Ruth.
"Good. And give Harvey a heads-up too—she hasn't approached him yet, but it's only a matter of time."
Charles burst into laughter. "Don't worry about Harvey. If Ruth dares to go to him, she'll regret it. Harvey has the worst temper of all of us! If he hates someone, he'll make them regret ever crossing him!"
"True."
As they were talking, someone called out to Skylar, "Skylar, your husband is here. He's waiting for you in the lounge."
Skylar looked up at the colleague who had called her. "My husband? Got it, thank you."
Charles, overhearing this through
the phone, chuckled. "Joe really pampers you. That's great! Seeing how strong your relationship is puts me at at ease. If he ever dares to treat you poorly, I'll make sure to teach him a lesson. Alright, go to him now." 
"Alright, Charles, take care of yourself."
Skylar went to the lounge.
Joe, who seemed bored from waiting, was flipping through a book. But when he saw her, he set the book aside.
"What brings you here?" she asked as she walked in.
Joe had been very busy these days. The two of them barely had time to talk except at night after work, and they hadn't even had time to chat during lunch lately. 
Joe rubbed his temples. "I wasn't feeling well today and wanted to see you."
Seeing his gesture, Skylar was a bit surprised. "Are you having a headache?"
It had been a long time since Joe had complained of headaches.
After regaining all his memories, his sleep had significantly improved in the past, even with her by his side, his sleep had been shallow, and he was often startled awake by nightmares. 
Seeing him with a headache now was unexpected.
"Yes, it started around noon," Joe said, seemingly relaxed in Skylar's presence but revealing his discomfort without hesitation.
Of course, he was well aware that his behavior in front of her was just him seeking comfort.
Skylar's expression grew serious. "Should we go to the hospital for a checkup?"
A sudden headache was concerning-it had to have a cause. Since it was also flu season, it made her even more worried.
###chapter1582
 
"No need. I've had headaches before it's not serious. As long as you're with me, I'll be fine," Joe said, gazing deeply at Skylar.
Even though they saw each other every day, he couldn't understand why he felt like it was never enough.
Skylar knew Joe too well. She knew he disliked going to the hospital, so she frowned slightly and said, "Let's get Howard to check on you at home then."
If it were supernatural, she could handle it. But if it was a physical illness, she should consult a doctor. Most things should be left to the experts. "Alright," Joe reluctantly agreed.
Howard, however, always used these chances to prescribe him all sorts of medications, which he found troublesome.
It was late at night when Harvey finished work.
He was currently busy with a project, so everyone, including him, one of the shareholders, had to work overtime.
Tonight was considerably early compared to the past few days when they'd sometimes pulled all-nighters.
At the front of the company, Harvey waved goodbye to a few colleagues. They each got into their cars and headed home.
Harvey, who had had two cups of
et
coffee earlier, felt wide awake and not sleepy at all. He checked the time and found that it was half past midnight. 
He had recently developed a liking for road cycling, so he commuted by bike. Even with traffic jams, it didn't affect him much. He only needed 30 to 40 minutes to reach home.
Swne
Just as he was about to start riding, someone suddenly came rushing toward him, making him brake sharply.
"Are you alright? Did I hit you?" Harvey asked with concern.
The person he almost hit was a woman. Her hair was disheveled, and the messy strands almost completely covered her face.
If Harvey weren't so composed, he might've been startled, thinking he'd run into a ghost in the dead of night.
"You're Harvey Sullivan, right?" the woman asked as she tidied her hair.
Her face was delicate and striking, but her sharp eyes gleamed as she stared intently at Harvey.
Harvey's expression turned cold
immediately and his earlier concern
disappeared. He recalled Charles'
phone call yesterday, in which he repeatedly warned him to be wary of Ruth the daughter of those two despicable people. 
Looking at the woman in front of him, whose features were a blend of those two scumbags, he instantly confirmed her identity. It was Ruth.
"Why aren't you saying anything? Are you Harvey or not?" Ruth asked impatiently, irritated by his silence despite her clear question.
###chapter1583
 
Harvey looked at Ruth with a half-smile, his expression unreadable. "Go on, what do you want from me?"
Hearing this, Ruth immediately realized she hadn't mistaken him-this was indeed Harvey.
"I'm your younger sister, Ruth! You're my brother, my biological brother!" she exclaimed excitedly, reaching out to grab Harvey's hand, which rested on his bike.
Harvey instantly dodged, his face full of disdain. "I don't have a younger sister."
Ruth flushed with embarrassment at the rejection. "I'm Dad's daughter. We have the same father, so of course you're my brother!"
Why were they all so cold to her?
She hadn't committed any heinous crimes. She looked sweet and innocent. Why didn't they like her? Why did they just stand by and watch her suffer?
She couldn't understand it. She really couldn't understand it.
She had been through hell after hell these past few days.
"Hurry up and say what you have to say, and then get lost," Harvey said coldly.
If he didn't want to figure out what Ruth was up to, he wouldn't have wasted his time standing there watching her perform.
Ruth quickly responded, "Look at how other brothers treat their sisters, and then look at you. I came to find you because I trust you and see you as family. Can't you treat me with some care and kindness?"
Steven and the others were difficult to talk to. Maybe their hearts had grown cold because they had seen and experienced too much.
But Harvey was different. He was younger, just a few years older than her. He must have seen all those posts about brothers doting on their sisters online.
Harvey's mouth twitched. "What do you think you are?"
"You! I'm your sister! Even if you don't admit it, we're related by blood!" Ruth shouted.
Harvey let out a cold laugh. "Is your dad the same as my dad?"
"Of course! My dad is your dad."
"Your dad isn't even Clusian. How could he be my dad? Get lost. I know you've been pestering my family. If you come to harass me again, 'll
Come
make sure you regret it!" Harvey's
voice was icy. 
S
He wasn't one to show mercy, let alone to someone like Ruth-a scheming opportunist and the product of an affair between Miriam and Finn.
To him, there was no gray area. Everything was black or white.
He didn't even have any feelings for Finn, so how could he possibly feel any affection for Ruth? She could go wherever she wanted he didn't care. Ruth stomped her foot in frustration, spreading her arms to block Harvey's path.
"How can you be so heartless? You know I'm your sister. We're biologically related, and yet you treat me like this!
"Look at my face, my injured arm-I've been bullied. Doesn't that make you feel even a little sorry for me?
"I'm homeless, out of money, no
better than a beggar on the street. I
don't even know where my next meal will come from. I came to you because I had no other choice! 
"You're my brother, my only hope. Your company makes so much money, and this bike of yours costs thousands. What would it cost you to help me?"
Helping her would be so easy for them, but they all refused. How could they be so cruel?
Harvey looked at Ruth, her face streaked with tears and snot. His lips twitched in disgust, his disdain fully visible.
"Save your crocodile tears. You and
your family know exactly what kind of people you are. If you keep
pestering me, I'll call the police,"
Harvey said coldly. Content belongs
It was his own business to have money. Even his family didn't covet it, so who did Ruth think she was to ask for it?
"You've got arms and legs-go work. Begging others is pathetic. No wonder you're covered in injuries! You reap what you sow. Now get out of my way!"
With that, Harvey pushed Ruth aside forcefully.
He used enough strength that she, already weak, fell straight to the ground.
She tried to get up and block his path again, but it was no use. Harvey was already far down the road on his bike, leaving her behind.
###chapter1584
 
"You're all cold-blooded creatures! You'll face retribution! Every one of you earns so much money, you're so rich! Why should I work hard and struggle?
"I was born to be pampered, a wealthy socialite-not some lowly laborer! You'll all get what's coming to you!" Ruth screamed into the night. The street was mostly deserted. Her bitterness and resentment fell on deaf ears.
What she had just told Harvey was true-she was completely out of money. She couldn't understand how she had spent it all after just a few meals and some skincare products.
And then there was Jed. He said he liked her, but after spending a night together, everything changed.
When they went shopping the next day, she had simply admired a luxury handbag and wanted to buy it, but Jed outright refused. Outside the store, he even slapped her and said she wasn't worth the price of the bag.
If she had known this earlier, she wouldn't have spared a glance for someone as plain and ordinary as Jed when they were in school.
She ended up with Jed because she was now left all alone in Jipsburg, longing for the love and protection of her brothers.
However, every single one of them had met her with cold indifference.
Being with Jed felt like she was doing him a favor, as if he didn't even deserve her. But now...
As she watched the endless flow of cars on the road under the streetlights, she felt utterly alone.
Her parents were no longer reliable. She couldn't count on her brothers either. Even Skylar wouldn't compensate her.
What was she supposed to do? She really didn't have a single cent to her name.
Before going to Harvey, she had called her mother, only to hear her mother incoherently demanding money, saying she needed it to buy something. She was completely out of her mind!
Ruth couldn't understand it. Her family used to be like any normal family. Why had it all come to this?
A gust of night wind swept past. Ruth took a deep breath, trying to clear her thoughts.
In the end, she could only call Jed.
"You were right. Yesterday was my fault. I shouldn't have taken you to go shopping with me."
The next day was a rainy day. The steady drizzle continued into the evening, making the commute home wet and dreary.
Joe sat in the backseat of the car with his eyes closed, resting.
Suddenly, the driver slammed on the brakes. The sudden stop was abrupt and sharp.
Joe opened his eyes and looked at the driver. "What happened?"
"There's someone standing in the
el.ne
road. It's raining, and the fog is thick I almost hit them!" the driver said, still shaken. Content
swelongs to
Who would have expected someone to be standing in the middle of the road in the rain without an umbrella?
Joe glanced outside before closing his eyes again.
The driver honked at the person. But the person on the road didn't move an inch.
"What's wrong with this person?
Standing in the middle of the roadet
el:
like that are they trying to kill. themselves?" the driver muttered, exasperated. 
He turned the wheel, ready to take a different route.
Driving in the rain was already challenging enough, and now this person, clearly disturbed, was making things worse.
"What the hell! They're at it again!
Blocking the road-are they trying to
scam us? Don't they know almost
every ear has a dashcam these days?" the driver cursed angrily. 
Joe opened his eyes again and looked toward the person in front of the car.
###chapter1585
 
Joe paused for a moment when he saw a woman blocking the road.
There was something vaguely familiar about her. He felt as though he had seen her somewhere before.
"Mr. Martin, I'll go check it out!" The driver opened the door and stepped out.
After speaking with the woman for a few moments, the driver returned to the car, his face full of disbelief.
"Mr. Martin, she says her name is Elsie Shepard. She claims she has something very important to discuss with you and that she's been waiting here for hours just to get a chance to speak with you," the driver reported.
Upon hearing this, Joe looked outside again at Elsie. She was soaked to the bone.
Upon closer inspection, he remembered where he had seen her before. She was the secretary who worked for Alban. But why would she need to see him?
"Mr. Martin?" The driver hesitated, uncertain of Joe's intent as he neither moved nor spoke.
After all, many people tried various tricks to get Joe's attention. Those who worked closely with him had seen it all.
However, this was the first time someone like Elsie had intercepted him on his way home, which made the situation somewhat baffling.
Joe finally spoke. "Let her come over."
The driver nodded in acknowledgment and was about to invite her into the car. But as he opened the door, Joe added, "No need to invite her inside." So, he lowered the car window.
The message was clear-he didn't want her in the car.
The driver nodded in understanding and didn't find it surprising.
Apart from himself, only Skylar and Paul had ever sat in this car. Joe was a known germaphobe.
When Elsie heard the driver relay the instructions, her expression stiffened.
Standing in the rain, she glanced at the half-lowered car window, momentarily taken aback.
It was raining heavily, yet Joe refused to let her into the car, leaving her outside in the downpour. What could she, a woman, possibly do to him? Was he afraid she'd dirty his car?
He was so heartless, so cold.
Through the half-open window, Elsie fixed her gaze on Joe's flawless profile as she bit her lip gently.
"I didn't block your way to disrupt
your plans intentionally, Mr. Martin. I just... I had no other choice. I
know if you believe in
reincarnation-where some
relives their life starting a few years back-but that's what happened to me," she began. 
Upon hearing this, Joe's sharp gaze immediately locked onto Elsie. That look sent a chill down her spine.
A deep dear coursed through her, making her entire body tremble involuntarily. And her face turned pale. She couldn't tell if it was from being completely drenched or from that piercing look. 
It was as if his gaze could see through every thought in her mind, leaving her feeling completely exposed.
Fear began to spread uncontrollably in her heart. But she couldn't back down, couldn't retreat or avoid this confrontation because she wasn't the one in the wrong.
"Mr. Martin, you may find this unbelievable or think I'm spouting nonsense, but this isn't a story, nor am I saying this to get your attention.
"I have been reincarnated. I know
that Mrs. Martin has also been
reincarnated. In the previous life, she
died long ago—tormented to death by her own biological parents and family. She never had any connection with you. 
"As for me, I met you around this time in my past life. You saved me from Mr. Rowe's clutches."
###chapter1586
 
Elsie spoke quickly, fearing that if she took too long, Joe would lose patience and stop listening.
She knew all too well how unbelievable her words sounded. Someone like Joe would hardly be inclined to take them seriously.
After all, it sounded absurd, like the plot of some novel.
The driver, meanwhile, was utterly dumbfounded, staring at her as if she had lost her mind.
At first, he hadn't thought much of it, but now he noticed that this young woman bore a slight resemblance to Skylar. Could it be that she was banking on this resemblance to stir up trouble between Joe and Skylar in a bid to replace her?
The tactic seemed far-fetched and clumsy. But why wasn't Joe saying anything?
Tears streamed down Elsie's face as if the whole world had wronged her. "I didn't want to disturb you, but just this morning, I suddenly regained memories from my previous life. The person who stole my life was Skylar."
She had never understood why Joe had always ignored her.
Sometimes, she even felt that he should have liked her. Although he seemed unattainable, and they were from completely different worlds, deep down, she felt that she was meant to be his one and only.
Despite being fragile and inexperienced, she believed herself to be the delicate flower he would cherish. But in the end, Skylar took everything away from her.
If Skylar hadn't been reborn and gotten her revenge ahead of time-if she hadn't met Joe, married him, and secured her position-then Elsie's struggles would have already been resolved.
To Elsie, Joe was her savior, her hero, the person who had rescued her from despair.
In her previous life, she had even felt unworthy of being with him and tried to avoid him, but he had insisted on having her, taking her by force and binding her to his side. She couldn't escape.
But then, there was the car accident. It was the accident that she was sent back to this year-the year she met Joe.
Now, however, she no longer felt the need to run from him as she had in her previous life.
She just couldn't accept how distant he was now, ignoring her while giving all his attention to Skylar. Had he truly forgotten the deep,
unforgettable love they shared ne
their past lives? Had he forgotten how he had gone to any lengths to possess her? 
Joe expressionlessly looked into Elsie's tearful eyes, which were filled with both love and grievance.
"Are you high or something?" the driver interjected incredulously.
Reborn? Both her and Skylar?
If so many people could be reborn, wouldn't the world fall into chaos? How could things still function as they did?
Joe gave Elsie a deep, prating look. "Do you know the consequences of trying to deceive me?"
Elsie's chest tightened, and she trembled with fear, not daring to meet his gaze.
Yet, a voice inside her insisted that Joe had fallen for her at first sight in his heart-that he loved her deeply and would never harm her.
His cold attitude now must be Skylar's fault.
She had once thought Skylar was incredibly lucky to marry Joe and had a great career.
But after regaining her past-life
memories, she realized Skylar was
cheating. Skylar changed Joe's
marriage and then used him to
advance her career and achieve her goals. 
Skylar was wicked, selfish, and calculating!
Unable to hold back her overwhelming sense of injustice, Elsie sobbed, "Why don't you believe me? Every single word I just said is true! If tie to you, I'll die a horrible death and become nothing more than Mr. Rowe's plaything forever!" 
###chapter1587
 
It looked serious for a young woman to curse herself that way.
This made the driver utterly shocked.
She didn't quite seem like she was on drugs, but the things she was saying were far too unbelievable. She said she was reborn, that Joe should love her and that she was Alban's plaything.
If it weren't for the fact that it was raining outside and Joe was sitting in the car, the driver might've thought he was dreaming. Otherwise, how could something this weird be happening?
Listening to her felt like accidentally opening a novel app, turning on the audiobook feature, and hearing a story about a reborn female lead.
It was just too much like a novel. Did she just read up on something and decide to come to Joe?
Were people really this na?ve? Did they truly think they were the heroine of a story? How could she just come over and say she had some kind of past-life relationship with Joe while blaming Skylar for ruining their love?
It was so melodramatic.
Unable to hold back any longer, the driver glanced at Joe's impassive face and then twitched his lips before speaking, "Young lady, there's nothing wrong with reading novels, but imagining yourself as the heroine and coming here to harass others is just wrong.
"You'd better open your eyes and look at reality. The more you talk, the more embarrassing this gets!"
"I know you and your driver probably think the same thing that I'm crazy or that I've read some novel and come here because of it. But everything I've said is true!
"Skylar changed your fate. If it weren't for her interference, you wouldn't have gone missing and lost your memory in Murida a few years ago. This is all connected.
"And the fact that you and Skylar still don't have children-doesn't that prove you're not meant to be together? Have you ever thought about that?" The more Elsie spoke, the more anxious she became. The colder and more indifferent Joe's expression grew, the less she could gauge his thoughts. She started to feel like she had become a joke before him.
What could she say to make him believe her? How could she awaken the memories buried deep inside him?
A sense of helplessness overwhelmed her. In her previous life, she had wanted to escape from him. But in this life, she wanted to get closer, to let him know that her heart beat for him.
In her past life, she had fallen for him in the end.
However, in this life, she had already fallen for him the moment she saw him. She couldn't control her feelings at all.
"That's enough."
Joe coldly spat out two words before rolling up the car window.
Elsie stood there in stunned silence, staring at the now-closed window.
Rain clung to her eyelashes, blurring her vision. She could no longer see Joe clearly inside the car.
The driver leaned out of the car and
glanced at her. "I think you've got mental issues. Maybe you're schizophrenic. Go see a doctor
instead of wasting time thinking
about nonsense. 
"What's the point of saying such ridiculous things? Why can't young women focus on working hard instead of looking for shortcuts like this?"
Joe was busy enough. How would he have the time to like one woman and then another? And the reborn part? Seriously?
Elsie stood there, utterly devastated.
She met the driver's exasperated gaze and felt a sharp pain in her chest.
"I'm telling the truth! In our past lives, we were passionately in love! Because of you, I could never love anyone else in this life. My body and soul are yours. I'm not dreaming, and I'm not schizophrenic 
A wave of helplessness surged through her again.
No matter how much she explained, Joe remained unmoved. He likely thought, as the driver did, that she had mental problems.
She could only watch as the car pulled away, disappearing from her sight.
Taking a deep breath, she
et
whispered, "believe the heavens will help me. They'll make you remember. I've come to understand your story with Skylar, and I know it wasnt the kind of deep, passionate love we had in our past life. 
"In our past life, your love for me was all-consuming. If I so much as glanced at another man, you couldn't bear it. You wouldn't let me work, fearing other men might pursue me.
"But in this life, you let Skylar work. What does that show? It shows you don't love her as deeply, not as intensely!"
###chapter1588
 
The more Elsie compared, the more she realized that Joe and Skylar's marriage in this life was nothing more than a compromise.
It wasn't built on a foundation of deep, passionate love.
If their love wasn't so fiery and intense, how could it leave a lasting mark on the heart? If the emotions were this calm and lukewarm, could it still even be called love?
Perhaps Skylar and Joe's relationship was complicated. Or perhaps Skylar used dark magic to get Joe to marry her a few years ago.
Skylar, with her deep knowledge of the occult, would surely know what kind of dark magic could make a man fall for her.
"That must be it!"
"Skylar, if you really used cursed items to achieve this, then you're truly despicable! How could you just manipulate someone's life?
"Just because you suffered in your previous life, abandoned and hurt by your family, does that give you the right to harm innocent people? You're shameless to hurt others with your skill."
Elsie stood resolutely in the rain.
Even though Joe's car had long disappeared from view, she remained rooted to the spot, driven by her obsession.
She continued to fantasize. Maybe Joe would, like her, suddenly recall the events of their previous life. Maybe he would realize he couldn't live without her and come rushing back to her side.
Maybe... Maybe that could happen.
So, she couldn't leave.
In this life, she had to stay where she was, waiting for Joe. He would come to realize that, even if he lost everything else, he couldn't afford to lose her.
Joe...
"Come back to me, please. I'm so heartbroken today. My heart is torn into a thousand pieces. Don't you know..."
But, even after the rain stopped, Joe never came back.
...
Vol.ne
Skylar left work early that day. When she arrived at Galaxy Villa, she headed straight to the kitchen check the fridge and see what ingredients were available. 
After taking stock, she decided what to make for dinner and got to work.
She found joy in cooking, much like how some people found happiness in exercise, Watching raw
ingredient's transform into delicious dishes under her hands always brought her immense satisfaction. 
Today, she timed everything perfectly.
BUMS
Just as she finished making four dishes and a soup, Joe walked in.
"You're back? I just finished cooking. Go wash your hands and change before coming to eat," Skylar called out to him cheerfully as she headed back to the kitchen.
Joe's gaze lingered on Skylar as she busied herself in the kitchen.
Even in loose-fitting loungewear, her well-proportioned figure was impossible to hide. And she seemed to be in a particularly good mood today.
When Skylar walked out of the
kitchen with two plates and noticed
Joe still standing there, staring at her instead of going upstairs to change, she gave him a puzzled but amused smile. 
"Why are you just standing there staring at me?" she asked with a light laugh.
###chapter1589
 
Joe withdrew his gaze and tugged at his tie.
"I'll head upstairs to change. Be right back."
Skylar noticed something seemed off about him but didn't dwell on it.
Joe had been extremely busy lately. He was probably overworked and exhausted. Coupled with the gloomy, rainy day, it was no surprise his mood might be affected.
Once she finished setting the table, Skylar sat down to wait for him.
Joe soon came downstairs in his loungewear.
They exchanged a few casual words during dinner but didn't talk much.
After finishing their meal, Joe washed the dishes and returned to sit with Skylar on the couch. His expression turned serious as he finally spoke.
"On the way home earlier, Elsie blocked my car."
Skylar raised an eyebrow. "Elsie?"
For a moment, she couldn't recall who that was, though the name felt vaguely familiar. It must be some she had encountered before.
"You saw her last time at the airport when you came to pick me up," Joe clarified.
Skylar immediately remembered and nodded. "I remember now. What did she want?"
Joe gave a faint acknowledgment. "She claimed she's someone who has been reborn." "What?" Skylar said in surprise.
She had always suspected that someone would be reborn again, but she didn't expect it to resurface so soon-and with someone she had previously met.
But something didn't add up.
Why had Elsie approached Joe specifically? Could it be...
"If she told you about her rebirth, then what she said must have been related to you, right?" Skylar guessed.
She suddenly recalled Joe's demeanor just before dinner earlier. Elsie's words must have deeply unsettled him.
Joe's face darkened further as he summarized everything Elsie had said, keeping it as concise as possible.
When he finished, Skylar's expression turned cold. The mood between them grew tense and icy.
Taking a deep breath, Skylar grappled with the realization that Elsie knew about events from before she was reborn. That meant...
Her heart sank heavily. Could Elsie really be someone reborn?
Skylar didn't know much about Joe in his past life. All she had heard from Kevin was that Joe's fate had been one of solitude.
She couldn't know what Joe might have gone through in his previous life.
After Skylar had been reborn, her choices had altered both her and Joe's original fates, leading to the current situation where they were unable to have children for several years.
Now, Elsie's words were like a bomb dropped into their lives, disrupting Skylar's thoughts and making it hard for her to stay calm.
"I'd like to meet her sometime. Do you have her contact information?" Skylar asked, trying to steady herself.
She knew her experiences from her
previous life could no longer hurt her. Those who had wronged her had already faced their deserved outcomes years ago, leaving no emotional ripples in her heart 
et
What she cared about now was whether Elsie being reborn was caused by some kind of dark force.
If so, who was behind it? And how did they know so much about her past life? If not, then Elsie's claims raised another question. Was her connection to Joe in their supposed past life real or fabricated? 
Joe poured a cup of warm water and handed it to Skylar. "Take a sip. She doesn't have much to do with us, but if someone tries to use her to target me or you, they'll fail."
Skylar accepted the cup and took a sip. The warmth of the water instantly eased the chill in her chest.
"You're right," she then said.
Joe noticed Skylar's emotions beginning to calm down. Having been married for years, they were intimately familiar with each other's moods, and Skylar couldn't hide her feelings from him. 
His eyes darkened imperceptibly as he pondered in silence.
###chapter1590
 
It was late, and the bedroom was silent. Only the sounds of steady breathing of the two people asleep could be heard.
Both were in a deep slumber.
But suddenly, Joe furrowed his brow. It was as if he was pulled into a nightmare at that moment.
In the dream, he and Skylar were locked in a fierce argument. The way they looked at each other was unfamiliar, filled with bitterness and hatred for one another's actions.
The sheer intensity of the hatred shocked him.
"Stop arguing! This is just a dream! A dream that can't possibly exist! Don't let it control you!" he said to himself in the dream. However...
Both the dream versions of himself and Skylar turned to look at him. Their expressions and eyes were so unfamiliar, filled with an unknown coldness. The strangeness of it all made Joe feel as if his chest were being squeezed tightly. The pain jolted him awake.
The dream felt too real. It was as if he was there in the dream.
The faces were so familiar, but the loathing they held for one another was crystal clear.
This nightmare was not new-he had experienced it sporadically over the years.
But each time, it felt slightly different, becoming sharper and more vivid. He could see more clearly the mutual resentment between him and Skylar.
In tonight's dream, they seemed like mortal enemies, locked in a grudge so deep that neither would rest until one of them was dead.
The nightmare left Joe drenched in sweat. His clothes were soaked through and clung to him.
So, he got out of bed and silently made his way downstairs. Then, he took a bottle of water from the fridge and drank it quickly.
The icy liquid coursed down his throat, clearing his head instantly.
Why had these dreams haunted him for years, like a shadow that refused to leave? His brows knitted tightly as he stood there in the quiet of the night.
...
Meanwhile, Elsie waited in the same spot for an hour, but Joe never appeared. Disappointed, she finally left.
After returning home, she showered and locked herself in her room, skipping dinner. But she hardly slept the entire night.
The next morning, a knock came at her door.
"Elsie, you didn't eat dinner last night. Come out and eat breakfast now. I made your favorite," her mother called from outside. Hearing her mother's voice, Elsie replied, "Mom, I'm not hungry. You go ahead, don't worry about me."
Outside, her mother hesitated,
clearly worried. "Elsie, is something
wrong? You... You've been working for Mr. Rowe for a while now. Is
treating you badly? Is he making?
do things you don't want to
do?
you
"I asked your father, but he just said Mr. Rowe wouldn't trouble his employees. Still... I just can't shake this uneasy feeling."
"Mom, I'm just working as Mr.
Rowe's assistant. It's hard work, but
it's fine. Don't worry about it. I'm just.Onot in a great mood, that's all," Elsie explained. 
There was no way she could tell her mother the truth-that Alban was pressuring her.
In reality, her father knew everything.
But he couldn't stop it. He was
powerless to resist. Their ent nee
family's fate was under Alban's control. 
Yet this wasn't how things were supposed to be.
She shouldn't have to live in constant fear, worrying that Alban would harm her family. She was meant to be cherished and protected.
But someone had altered her destiny-someone had changed both hers and Joe's fates!
At that moment, her phone rang.
When she glanced at the screen, she saw it was Alban.
Her face instantly turned pale, and her hand holding the phone began to tremble uncontrollably.
###chapter1591
 
"Mr. Rowe..." Elsie's voice was low and subdued.
Alban let out a cold laugh. "Yesterday, you said you wanted a few days off. Is it because you think you can make Joe fall for you in just a few days?"
Elsie's heart tightened, fear shadowing her every thought. She took a deep breath before saying, "Yes, Mr. Rowe."
"I think you're just using excuses to avoid me. Is it because you don't want to serve me? Do you find me repulsive?" Alban was clearly frustrated about something as he spoke sharply and aggressively over the phone.
Elsie tried to suppress her fear. "No, you're overthinking it, Mr. Rowe. I was just thinking about what I initially promised you. I believe there's still a chance to succeed.
"I met Mr. Martin yesterday, and his attitude toward me has already shifted slightly. I'm 50% sure that he will fall for me."
If it weren't for her memories of her past life, she wouldn't be so confident.
Her memories of the past life were crystal clear. Joe hadn't just liked her he had loved her obsessively. So, even if he couldn't yet recall their shared past, that love was etched into his soul. How could he possibly forget it so easily?
Earlier, she still had some reservations. She had felt like she was destroying Joe and Skylar's marriage, turning herself into the kind of mistress she had always despised.
But now...
Now she believed Skylar was the mistress.
Skylar was also someone who was reborn. If Skylar had been reborn just to change her own destiny, that would have been fine. But why did she have to alter Joe's fate and, in turn, Elsie's?
Now, Elsie longed for Joe to take her fiercely into his arms and cherish her like she deserved!
Alban was silent for a few minutes. During that time, Elsie couldn't stop replaying her memories. Each fragment of her past life tempted her to sink deeper into those thoughts.
How foolish had she been in her past life? Why hadn't she realized Joe's true feelings for her? Who else in this world could protect her as fiercely as he could?
"Fine. I'll give you one last chance," Alban finally said, his voice heavy.
What others didn't know was that Alban himself was currently facing a significant crisis. A misstep could cost his family everything.
In the entire Jipsburg, the only person capable of solving his problem was Joe. But someone like Joe wouldn't help anyone easily.
Thus, Alban tried everything he could.
Elsie seemed like a potential. Although he had observed Joe's attitude toward her before and it wasn't promising, he still decided to give her a chance.
Elsie let out a sigh of relief after finally being granted a brief reprieve. "Thank you, Mr. Rowe. I won't disappoint you," she quickly replied.
Once she helped Joe remember their past life, she would make sure he crushed Alban just like before, exposing all of his dark dealings one by one. He wouldn't have another chance to harm her family 
It was lunchtime, and Skylar was just about to invite Caleb to lunch when she noticed him on the phone, heading out.
After hanging up, Caleb didn't forget
to greet her. "I'll treat you to lunch in a couple of days. I've got something
to
the care of for now. See you in
the afternoon!" 
"Alright," Skylar replied, raising an eyebrow as she watched Caleb leave.
Over the past few days, he had been disappearing right after work-was he in a relationship?
The thought made her smile. Young men his age should definitely start dating.
Just as she was grabbing her bag to leave, Caleb returned unexpectedly.
"I think she might not be into me. We agreed to have lunch together, but then she suddenly said she had work to do," he said, exasperated. He was on the phone again.
"Fine, I'll try again. But she might
actually be dating your brother. I accidentally saw her phone
wallpaper it was a man's hand. And that hand looked a lot like your brother's. Doesn't he have a scar on the back of his hand?" 
"You should just ask your brother directly. It's been days, and I've been chasing Wendy non-stop. She doesn't even look at me.
"I'm handsome and rich-any woman I pursue usually falls for me. If she's ignoring me, it must be because her heart's with someone else. "Alright, I'm hanging up. I'll just order takeout for lunch."
###chapter1592
 
After Caleb hung up, he realized Skylar was still there.
He guessed she must have overheard his phone conversation with Simona. Well, it wasn't something he needed to hide.
He smiled at Skylar immediately and said, "I was just on the phone with Simona. She suspects her brother is dating her high school classmate and asked me to investigate."
Skylar smiled and nodded. "Yes, I heard. Since your date's canceled, how about we grab lunch together?"
It had been a while since she had last contacted Simona and Aiken. Everyone's lives had been changing recently, and things seemed to be heading in a positive direction.
"Great! I just got stood up and was about to order takeout. Honestly, I'm so sick of takeout-I've eaten everything there is to eat around here." Caleb wasn't exaggerating. Sometimes, he would stay late after work to study and would have to order dinner from nearby restaurants.
He probably knew better than anyone what was good and what wasn't around the area.
"Let's go."
"Okay!"
After hanging up, Simona thought about it and decided to call her brother directly. Having Caleb dig around didn't seem to be yielding much anyway. Wendy was always sharp, and if things went sideways, it could end up being a big joke. It was better to just get a straight answer from her brother. The phone rang for a long time, and just when Simona thought Aiken wouldn't pick up, he finally answered.
"Simona?" His voice was low, like he was deliberately trying to control his breathing. It sounded unfamiliar to Simona.
She blinked and asked, "Aiken... what are you doing?"
Why did it feel like he was up to no good?
Aiken's voice remained low. "What is it?"
The more direct he was, the more
suspicious it seemed to Simona et
The background was very quiet, but she thought she could faintly hear some rustling sounds. 
It sounded like... someone putting on clothes?
Her guard immediately went up.
"Aiken, you haven't called me in ages. Have you started dating someone and forgot you still have a little sister?"
Aiken replied, "I've been busy. I've arranged bodyguards for you over there. They'll let me know if anything happens."
Simona's mouth twitched. She had
realized two years ago that her
brother had secretly assigned
people to protect her, worried that
she'd be bullied while abroad
In reality, she spent her days studying, surrounded by familiar classmates-what danger could there be?
Still, she didn't say anything. If
et
having people protect her eased her brother's mind and allowed him to focus on his work back home, she didn't mind. 
But what was he implying now? Was he denying that he was dating someone?
She was starting to feel confused. What was going on between her brother and Wendy? What was their relationship now?
###chapter1593
 
Realizing she wouldn't get any answers from Aiken over the phone, Simona decided to end the call without pressing further.
There was no point in continuing the truth wasn't something Aiken would admit to easily anyway.
"I just missed you and wanted to check in on you. Since everything's fine, I'll hang up now. When I'm on break, I'll come back to visit," she said. "Okay. Stay safe out there. Call me if you need anything," Aiken replied.
The siblings then ended the call.
On Aiken's side, he was naked on the bed while holding a cigarette in his hand.
The room was a mess as clothes were scattered all over the floor.
Wendy had gotten out of bed at some point. She had just slipped on her underwear and was searching for her clothes amidst the chaos.
Earlier, in his urgency, he had been too rough and had likely torn her dress.
"I've already sent someone to bring you new clothes. Go take a shower first," Aiken said.
Wendy paused, her hand halfway through putting on her bra. She looked over at him immediately.
Their ambiguous relationship had gone on for quite some time.
In the beginning, it had been her boldness-she'd had too much to drink and seduced him. Moreover, he had also been drugged that night.
After that, he wanted to compensate her, but she refused and instead made a request-she wanted to be his girlfriend.
Aiken had rejected her, saying he never planned to marry and that being his legitimate partner was impossible.
He had always been surrounded by women, and their night together was just that a one-night stand. He had even told her that they could only have that one night since she was Simona's classmate and close friend.
But Wendy refused to back down, saying she was willing to be his mistress just so she could exchange it for his help in advancing her career. However, in truth, she had fallen for him a long time ago.
Aiken had saved her from a dark and desperate place, shielding her from the people threatening her.
Her so-called exchange of benefits was just a pretense-she only wanted to be with him, even if it meant staying in the shadows.
But now... She shook off those memories immediately.
"There's no need. I can cover the torn part with a jacket. I'll drive home, and no one will see me," she said.
Aiken remained silent, continuing to smoke as if lost in thought.
After being with him for so long, Wendy felt like she had failed. She had believed that after all this time, she would occupy some space in his heart.
But aside from the moments they shared in bed when he seemed so close, there was always a layer of mist shrouding him a barrier she couldn't pierce or get past.
From the beginning, he made it clear that their relationship was meant to be secret and hidden from the world.
When he was on the phone with Simona earlier, Wendy didn't dare to make a sound.
Being with Aiken while keeping it a secret from Simona often made her feel guilty. She felt as though she had leveraged her friendship with Simona to maintain this relationship. 
Through subtle inquiries, she had learned that Aiken was indeed surrounded by many women. But none of them stayed by his side for long he was cold-hearted in that way. 
Yet, she had been with him for this long, largely because of Simona. She and Simona were close friends and classmates.
For some reason, this thought made her feel suffocated.
As she reached the door to leave, she took a deep breath and finally summoned the courage to speak.
"I won't bother you anymore. From
now on, let's not see each other
again. Simona will be back soon. Let's pretend everything that happened before today never happened." 
###chapter1594
 
These words were as good as a breakup.
The thought of "break up" made Wendy chuckle bitterly. After all, they had never truly been together in any meaningful sense. There was nothing to break up from.
From this moment on, she could only hope that Aiken would find peace and happiness.
When Aiken heard her words, his gaze instinctively shifted toward the door. Their eyes met for a moment, locking across the room.
Even now, after everything that had transpired, Wendy's heart still skipped a beat when she saw him. Despite knowing him so well, despite all they
had shared, she couldn't control her feelings when he was near. Deep down, she knew she wasn't good enough for him.
After all, he had seen her at her worst-messy, broken, and humiliated. If their relationship had lasted this long, it was largely due to Simona.
But now, she didn't want to force him any longer. She didn't want to force herself either.
"Thank you for the memories we made," she said with a smile.
From this point on... they would go their separate ways. She truly hoped Aiken would find someone he could love, someone he could build a life with. She couldn't bring herself to believe he would remain single forever. He just hadn't met the right person yet.
Suddenly, Aiken stood and walked toward her.
They knew each other's bodies so well, yet Wendy still couldn't meet his gaze. She was afraid that if she did, she might regret her decision.
She cherished the memories they had shared too much to let them cloud her resolve now.
The words she had spoken were carefully prepared, rehearsed in her mind over and over. Today was the deadline she had set for herself-the day she would finally let go.
"What's going on?" Aiken's gaze locked onto Wendy.
They had been in this arrangement for over two years now. In that time, he had grown used to their dynamic. She was always compliant.
Aside from her initial insistence on
vel
becoming his mistress, she had never made any other demands. In return, he had given her many things including the career advancement she desired most. 
If nothing had happened, she wouldn't be so determined to end things.
Wendy shook her head. "Nothing happened. just think we shouldn't continue like this anymore. I... I want to live a normal life. Maybe even find someone I can truly connect with, get married, and build a family. 
UMS
"And honestly, I think you don't want to keep this going either. It's better if we both let go."
Her words came easily enough, but deep down, she knew she would never marry.
After enduring the chaos of her broken family, the thought of marrying someone she didn't love felt unbearable. She would rather face life alone.
"No, something's happened. Tell me," Aiken insisted, his tone suddenly firm as he frowned.
His sudden urgency startled Wendy, and for a fleeting moment, it almost felt like he cared about her. But just as quickly, she dismissed the thought.
Shaking her head, she replied,
"Nothing happened. I just don't want
to keep living like this. I want a
normal life. These two years... I was
greedy I know if it weren't for.
Simona, you probably would have
ended this a long time ago. 
"I get it. Don't worry I'll make sure Simona never finds out about us. I'll avoid you as much as possible. There won't be any awkwardness." With that, she walked straight into the bedroom.
Wendy was familiar with this place. It was Aiken's luxury apartment downtown, one he rarely stayed in except for their meetings.
Aiken watched Wendy leave, his expression unreadable. After a long pause, he took a deep drag from his cigarette.
She was hiding something. That much he was sure of.
###chapter1595
 
The Wiscadian restaurant was quiet. Rain began falling outside the window again, but it wasn't heavy, so it wouldn't affect anyone's travel plans.
Elsie stared out the window, her mind wandering. She wasn't sure whether having memories of her past life was a blessing or a curse. The memories had a way of resurfacing, unbidden, forcing her to relive moments she couldn't forget.
She found herself recalling that unforgettable love. Just an hour ago, Paul called, asking her to meet him at this restaurant. Now, her heart raced with anticipation.
Could it be that Joe remembered his past life too, after hearing her words? Her pulse quickened at the thought.
She was convinced that Joe must have memories of his past life, just like her. Otherwise, why would he have asked Paul to go to Alban and get her contact details?
When Alban had received Paul's call, he had been even more excited than she was. He had been so eager. In fact, he gave her more time than she expected-three months instead of just a couple of weeks.
Elsie exhaled slowly, the weight of relief lifting from her chest. She had time to work with Joe, to help him remember their past life. She could also allow him to resolve things with Skylar and their marriage.
It felt like the right thing to do-respectful to Joe and Skylar. After all, if she hadn't remembered their past life, Skylar and Joe would likely have remained together in this life.
Luckily, they didn't have children. A divorce would bring no significant loss to either of them.
Just as Elsie was about to continue pondering the future, someone walked into the restaurant.
She immediately turned to look, unable to contain her excitement.
But when she saw who had entered, a wave of disappointment washed over her. It wasn't Joe. It was Skylar.
She wondered if Skylar was the one who wanted to meet her or if someone had told her about the conversation Elsie had with Joe that night.
As this possibility crossed her mind, Elsie pursed her lips. She wondered if it had been the driver or if Joe himself had told her.
If it was Joe, then maybe he hadn't fully regained his memories yet and had brushed off her words as a joke. Perhaps Skylar had found out and was here to mock her. 
Elsie's mind races with possibilities, but before she could settle on one, Skylar had already walked up to the table and sat down. "Have you ordered?" she asked.
Elsie's expression darkened. She didn't know why, but she couldn't bring herself to meet Skylar's gaze.
A fleeting glance was all she allowed before quickly turning her eyes back to the window. She replied in a neutral tone, "Not yet."
"I'll order for us then. Are there any dishes you can't eat?" Skylar asked again.
Elsie shook her head, biting her lip. She could feel the calmness radiating from Skylar-there was no confrontation, no questions about why Elsie was involved with Joe. Instead, Skylar remained calm and coffected. 
The more composed Skylar was, the more uncertain Elsie felt.
Logically, Skylar should have felt guilty, not Elsie. After all, Skylar was the one who had taken everything from her.
Once Skylar had placed the order,
she turned her attention back to Elsie. Elsie looked young and beautiful, and it was clear that she had received an excellent education from a young age. 
###chapter1596
 
Elsie bit her lip and looked directly at Skylar. "If you have something to say, just say it. I know you're someone who's been reincarnated and has changed many things. So, don't try to manipulate me with the same tricks you've used on others. Speak plainly."
Skylar's expression darkened at her words, though it was hard to tell exactly what she felt.
"I know your past life was miserable," Elsie continued, her voice sharp. "In this life, you've probably used every method to steal Joe away. You must also know how deeply we loved each other in the past. No, in the past, Joe loved me dearly. But I was too blind to see it and kept rejecting him.
"You've probably never felt that kind of love from Joe, have you?" A smug smile spread across Elsie's face, and her eyes gleamed triumphantly.
But to her surprise, Skylar slowly smiled.
"Why are you smiling?" Elsie's confidence wavered, unsettled by Skylar's calm demeanor.
Skylar replied casually, "Nothing. Let's eat first. We can talk afterward."
She was a bit hungry anyway, so she decided to have some food.
Elsie frowned, unease creeping in. Despite the justification she felt in her words, guilt gnawed at her. Skylar's composure was unnerving-anyone else would have cracked under the pressure of such accusations. But Skylar... She simply ate, as if nothing had happened.
Skylar ate a good amount while Elsie barely touched hers. She nibbled on a piece of steak, her thoughts a tangled mess of confusion.
When Skylar finally set down her knife and fork, Elsie couldn't hold back any longer.
"What's your plan? Why did you have Paul arrange this meeting today? Come on, tell me everything. I have other things to do later," Elsie said, her voice tense.
Skylar's eyes narrowed slightly, a cold gleam entering her gaze. "Before you regained your past-life memories, did you meet anyone? Did you receive something?"
Skylar could sense the negative energy surrounding Elsie. It was something she hadn't noticed the last time they met at the airport.
It was clear that Elsie had acquired a negative item recently, much like the situation with Maxine. However, Elsie had spoken so precisely about her past life experiences that it gave Skylar the illusion that Elsie might
truly have memories of her previous life. 
et
But after sitting here, Skylar was certain that someone had manipulated Elsie. The person behind these negative items likely knew about her past life, and that person might be the one who had truly been reincarnated. 
Elsie widened her eyes in shock. "You... What did you say? I meet so many people every day, and just a few days ago, it was my birthday. Lots of people gave me gifts. What exactly are you asking?"
She recalled the words that person had said to her that night.
That person had told her that the predicament she was facing was due to someone altering her fate. The mysterious person had offered her a way to fix it. In her desperation, she'd believed them.
She remembered their conversation well. She had promised herself she would never let anyone find out about it.
Skylar's voice dropped lower. "It seems you've accepted something. Do you realize that what you've taken is a negative item?"
The phrase "negative item" sent a jolt through Elsie. She shot to her feet, panic flashing across her face.
"A negative item? How could I
possibly have one? I don't know what you're talking about," she
snapped "Anyway, I know what's et
really going on here. You're feeling guilty because you changed your fate-you never had anything with Joe in your past life. 
"If you hadn't, you wouldn't be sitting here questioning me. I have more important things to do I'm leaving."
Grabbing her bag, Elsie turned to leave, her movements hurried and disjointed. Yet as she walked away, two words echoed in her mind-negative item.
She couldn't shake the thought. Could the gift she'd received truly be one? But how could that be? It had helped her regain her past-life memories.
If it hadn't been for Joe's cautious nature, she would have already given it to him. Only then would he remember and see Skylar for who she truly
was.
###chapter1597
 
As Elsie brushed past her, Skylar said in a low voice, "The negative item you have will bring you even more trouble later on."
Elsie froze momentarily before snapping, "I already told you! I've done nothing wrong, and there's no way I'd have a negative item on me. Stop dodging your problems. I'm certain Joe will remember everything about his past life soon. When he does, he'll realize that you have nothing to do with him. You're nothing but a thief to me!"
It was as though voicing her denial could somehow bolster her confidence, but her words betrayed her inner turmoil. Deep down, Elsie dismissed Skylar's claims as manipulative lies meant to sow doubt. Only fools would believe such nonsense.
Skylar didn't argue. She simply watched as Elsie stormed out, her steps hurried.
Outside, rain continued to pour. Elsie didn't even have an umbrella. She stood anxiously at the curb, trying to hail a cab.
She glanced back nervously at the restaurant occasionally.
Their gazes met briefly through the window. The moment Elsie saw Skylar watching her, she quickly looked away, guilt flickering across her face like a shadow caught in the light.
Skylar sipped her water, her calm demeanor unshaken. After Elsie finally got into a cab and disappeared into the rain-drenched streets, a car pulled up in front of the restaurant.
From it emerged Joe, holding an umbrella as he walked inside.
Skylar turned her gaze toward him as he entered; raindrops clung to his jacket despite his efforts.
Rising from her seat, she walked over to meet him.
"Done talking?" Joe asked.
Skylar replied with a nod, "Let's talk at home."
Once they were back at Galaxy Villa, Skylar shared everything with Joe—the presence of a negative item on Elsie and her suspicions about its origin.
However, just as she was about to delve into more personal matters, Joe reached for her hand, stopping her.
"On the way to pick you up from the restaurant, I had a dream," he said.
"What kind of dream?" she asked.
After much hesitation, Joe finally voiced his concerns. "For the past two years, Kve been having this recurring dream. In it, you and I are distant and cold toward each other.
We argue constantly. I always ever.
thought it was just a meaningless nightmare-a side effect of losing my memory for so long. But now, I'm not sure." 
Skylar froze in place, her palms suddenly damp with sweat.
She had occasionally had strange dreams for the past two years, though not frequently. Sometimes she would wake with the unsettling feeling that everything she held dear was nothing more than a fleeting
dream that couldn't be trusted. 
In those dreams, she and Joe were indeed filled with animosity toward each other. It was as if the intensity of their love and trust in the real world had been reversed into hatred and bitterness in the dream world.
Taking a deep breath, she steadied herself. She finally said, "I've had similar dreams, just like you."
The couple exchanged a long, silent look, the weight of unspoken thoughts hanging in the air.
Skylar was the first to break the silence, her tone measured and deliberate. "I've been thinking. Maybe we aren't meant to be together in the first place."
Joe frowned, about to argue, but Skylar quickly shook her head to stop him. She said, "Wait, let me explain. There are things I never
thought 'd share in this lifetime
They're bizarre, and for a long time, I thought they were just cautionary dreams warning me to stay grounded. But I've realized it's not that simple." 
She hesitated before continuing, "Recently, I've heard of multiple people claiming they've been influenced by negative items and recalling experiences from past lives. This can't be a coincidence. I... I was reborn."
Joe's expression remained calm as he listened to her, his lack of surprise catching her off guard. Skylar blinked in confusion. "You..."
"I believe you," Joe said firmly, without hesitation.
Skylar's eyes welled up with tears as emotion surged within her. "Do you want to know about my past life?" she asked, her voice trembling slightly. "More than anything," Joe said, his grip tightening on her hand.
Skylar fought back the tears in her eyes and began recounting the events of her past life.
Joe's grip on her hand tightened with each revelation. It took him more than ten minutes to calm himself after she finished.
Many of the puzzles that had plagued him now began to make sense. Back then, she had been awakening from a nightmare, trapped in a life filled with darkness. Now, the pieces were finally falling into place.
###chapter1598
 
The harm inflicted on Skylar by both the Williams family and Christopher was unimaginable.
Joe, knowing Skylar deeply, understood the anguish she must have endured after having her heart trampled by those she once trusted. She had even saved her biological mother in exchange for her legs, only to face betrayal and cruelty in return.
Yet, life had given her a second chance. And because of that, he had the fortune to marry her.
After a moment of silence, Skylar shared some details about Joe's past.
"So, in the beginning, you agreed to marry me just to repay Grandma?" Joe asked.
"At first, yes," Skylar admitted, recalling the time they obtained their marriage certificate. Back then, doubt and suspicion had clouded his view of her. Their marriage had been riddled with misunderstandings, leading to a series of humorous mishaps along the way.
Joe continued, "Before meeting you, some fortune tellers-including Grandma Viola-claimed I'd never have a relationship in this lifetime. So, the only reason I'm in a relationship now is because of you. As for what Elsie said, I never believed her."
Even if Skylar hadn't come into his life, Elsie would never have been his choice-she was never his type.
Meanwhile, back at her family home, Elsie brushed past her family without a word, heading straight to her room as though she hadn't heard them.
Once inside, she locked the door, refusing to let anyone in.
Though her family didn't know the specifics, they sensed she had been grappling with something serious. They exchanged concerned glances but chose to respect her silence, giving her space. 
Elsie went straight to her bed after locking the door.
After a moment of dazed silence, she frantically yanked a bracelet off her wrist.
The bracelet was delicate, featuring a vial-shaped emerald set in gold with pearls strung along its chain. It was of a traditional, ancient style.
In recent days, the more she admired the bracelet, the more she grew attached to it. Something so beautiful couldn't possibly harbor negative energy or so she thought.
She hadn't expected Skylar to conceal her true intentions so masterfully. Skylar had spoken at length, yet Elsie hadn't detected even a flicker of emotion from her.
The bracelet's supposed influence gnawed at her thoughts. Could it have tricked her into seeing that mesmerizing dream?
But that person had assured her there would be no deceit. They claimed Skylar was reborn, someone who had altered not only her own fate but also the fates of others-including Elsie's.
Reflecting on her recent struggles,
Elsie realized something chilling. Skylar, with her shrewdness and
layered strategies, was far bey
her ability to confront. Though, Skylar appeared indifferent, she was far more calculating than anyone imagined. 
Determined, Elsie grabbed her phone and scanned her call history. She needed to contact Paul. She had to meet Joe.
Paul, seeing the incoming call,
hesitated He prided himself on his
sharp memory for numbers and instantly recognized who it was. Moreover, it was a number he had dialed earlier that day. 
After a brief contemplation, he decided to answer the call. "Ms. Shepard, what can I do for you?"
###chapter1599
 
Elsie said, "Yes, I need your help with something. I... I want to meet Mr. Martin."
Paul, who had been lounging on the couch, immediately straightened at her words. "You want to see Mr. Martin?"
Earlier that day, Paul had been informed that Skylar was supposed to meet Elsie. He also had a general idea of why. Elsie was carrying what was believed to be a negative item, and because of it, she was convinced she was a reincarnated soul.
She claimed that in her past life, she had some connection with Joe.
The details of that connection had been shared with Paul by Lucas after Elsie had dramatically stopped Joe's car in the rain. When Paul heard the story, he couldn't help but think Elsie had read one too many romance novels.
Her supposed past life sounded like a cliché a tale of passion and heartbreak where someone was swept into an all-consuming love.
Joe, however, was a man known for his unshakable composure. He wasn't the type to force his affections on anyone, let alone be swayed by someone like Elsie. After all, not everyone was like Skylar.
Paul knew Joe better than anyone. Elsie was definitely not Joe's type.
Eager and almost impatient, Elsie spoke again, "Yes, I need to meet him. Could you help me arrange it? I went to the restaurant today, hoping to meet Mr. Martin, but instead, it was his wife who came."
Paul's tone remained calm yet firm. "What exactly do you need to discuss with Mr. Martin?"
Elsie hesitated, knowing this was a question Paul had to ask as Joe's assistant. But there were things she couldn't share not with him.
Paul was just an assistant. Even if she explained, he wouldn't be able to solve anything. Yet if she refused to answer, he wouldn't help her arrange the meeting.
"I... I have something important to
discuss with Mr. Martin. It's personal and can only be said face-to-face. When I met his wife earlier, I didn't fully understand what happened, and need to clarify it with M Martin directly. I won't take much of his time-20 minutes, or even 10, would be enough." 
She knew how valuable Joe's time was.
Even Alban, a man of considerable influence, had to make appointments to meet Joe. Casual encounters were rare unless they happened to cross paths at an event.
But lately, there had been no such opportunities. As for stopping Joe on the road, that method could only be used once. She feared it would only make Joe resent her if she tried it again.
Paul sighed, feeling a mix of
exasperation and pity. "Mr. Martin
has been extremely busy lately. He doesn't have much free time. By way, I heard you say you're reincarnated, right? Funny enou I've met others who claimed the same. Without exception, they all had a negative item." 
He paused, then added, "Do you know what a negative item is? It creates false dreams-illusions. Do you understand what 'false' means? It's all fake. These items might feel real, but they come with a price. Eventually, they backfire." 
With that, he ended the call.
Elsie stared at the phone, her face burning with embarrassment. Her ears buzzed, the sound of the disconnect tone echoing in her ear.
"Negative items, negative items," she muttered bitterly. "Why does everyone insist they're negative items? I see it now. This is Skylar's doing. She's spinning lies, convincing everyone that my rebirth is a sham.
"Even Mr. Ziegler... even Joe... they've all been brainwashed by her. They think everything I say is a delusion caused by these so-called negative items."
A suffocating frustration closed in on her like she was adrift in a small boat surrounded by hostile waters. Everyone doubted her and questioned her, yet there was nothing she could do to prove them wrong.
The more she thought about it, the more wronged she felt.
"Skylar, you'll pay for this!" she hissed, her voice trembling with emotion. "You stole someone's destiny. You won't escape the consequences. One day, you'll face the price of your lies."
###chapter1600
 
Elsie couldn't fathom why a thief like Skylar had managed to earn so much trust from so many people. It was incomprehensible that Joe would place his faith in her.
In their previous life, he had fallen for her at first sight, pursuing her relentlessly, loving her with an intensity that defied reason. How could it be possible that, after meeting her again in this life, he would feel nothing?
Elsie refused to believe that Skylar and Joe were truly in love. It was all an act-a carefully constructed fa?ade. A lie. A scheme orchestrated by Skylar.
"Mr. Ziegler, do you think I'll just give up if you stop me from meeting Joe? Others may not have the chance, but I will. I'm certain of it! I'll make Joe remember everything, and I'll make that shameless woman, Skylar, stop clinging to him!"
Standing just outside the door, Elsie's mother, Katy Seinfield, overheard her muttering and felt a wave of unease.
Katy had raised Elsie under her watchful eye and knew her daughter's temperament well. Elsie had always been studious, gentle, and kind—a girl who approached problems with a calm and measured resolve. Even now, with the family facing hardships, Elsie had stepped forward to help without hesitation.
But Katy had never seen Elsie this agitated before. She could hear the anger and bitterness laced in every word Elsie spoke. It felt so unlike the daughter she had raised.
"Elsie, have you eaten dinner yet?" Katy asked softly, trying to ease into a conversation.
"Don't bother me!" Elsie snapped, her voice sharp. "I told you not to disturb me! Why are you still here? Don't you know I'm in a bad mood? Of course, you wouldn't understand. Just leave me alone. You're all burdens to me!"
Katy froze, her face paling at the harsh words. This wasn't the Elsie she knew. The obedient, considerate daughter she had raised wouldn't speak like this.
"Elsie, what's wrong? If something's bothering you, don't keep it to yourself. Talk to me."
"Leave me alone!" Elsie shouted,
alone!"
covering her ears. "What's the point of talking to you? You're just a housewife! You can't even manage Dad, so how could you possibly help
me? Just stop bother nov
Elsie found Katy infuriating. Katy's feigned concern grated on Elsie's nerves, especially considering her complete lack of understanding.
Katy's life was consumed by
domestic duties, leaving her
emotionally and physically
exhausted. This, coupled with a fear of facing the truth, led her to ignore her husband's infidelity. She clung to a fragile sense of normalcy unwilling to disrupt the delicate balance of their lives. 
Elsie, witnessing her mother's silent suffering, felt a surge of anger and disgust The passivity within her own family felt suffocating, leaving her filled with a deep sense of loathing. 
Later that evening, as the workday was drawing to a close, Skylar received an unexpected call from Harvey. "Hey, Skylar, do you have time tonight? Want to grab dinner?"
Skylar blinked in surprise. Harvey rarely called, let alone invited her out. "Sure. What do you feel like eating? It's on me."
"I'll treat you, Skylar."
"Alright."
"I'll send you the restaurant's address," Harvey added after a pause. His voice grew serious as he hung up and forwarded the location.

###chapter1601
 
Harvey arrived at the restaurant first. After getting there, he ordered dishes according to Skylar's preferences.
While waiting, he quickly replied to some messages in his work group chat. As he watched a particular video, his expression grew increasingly grim. When Skylar arrived, the first thing she noticed was Harvey's furrowed brow. She asked, "Did something happen?"
Harvey didn't evade the question. "Actually, yes."
"Let's eat and talk about it," Skylar suggested as the waiter began serving their food.
Halfway through the meal, Harvey explained the situation.
"Ruth has started working as a print model. She's planning to enter the entertainment industry. She's been sleeping with several high-profile businessmen and claiming to be Charles' sister.
"Some variety TV shows have approached her to join their programs. A friend on one of the production teams told me about it. Charles doesn't know anything yet, but the show is in its planning stages. If he finds out, he'll be disgusted."
The video Harvey had seen showed Ruth posing provocatively in a bikini during a photo shoot, surrounded by photographers capturing every angle. It was clear what kind of image she was trying to project.
Skylar's smile faded as soon as she heard Ruth's name.
"I want to put an end to this," Harvey said firmly. "I'll gather evidence and expose her, along with that man she's involved with. Don't worry-I won't do anything illegal. I'll make everything public so Ruth and her family can't threaten us anymore. I even recorded the conversation from the last time Finn asked me for money."
Harvey shared his plan with Skylar.
Harvey couldn't bear to remain passive. While Ruth's actions might not directly harm them, they felt like a venomous snake coiled too close for comfort. It made him feel uneasy.
Ruth and her family were a menace
et
that required a firm hand and no room for compromise. Allowing them to linger was inviting disaster. He prayed Ruth would leave their lives for good and return to her conniving, insufferable parents overseas. 
Skylar fell silent, deep in thought.
Over the past couple of years, Harvey had grown significantly. His company, co-founded with friends, was thriving, and he had developed sharp decision-making and business skills Even Joe, who had known Harvey for years, remarked that he had the makings of a successful businessman. 
Harvey had always been determined. Skylar nodded in agreement. "I support you, Harvey." Some lessons needed to be taught the hard way.
...
Charles had just wrapped up a scene and was taking a break when Freddie approached him.
"Something wrong?" Charles asked, noticing the hesitation in Freddie's expression.
"Well," Freddie began, "a variety
show reached out, inviting you to participate. They mentioned yourè sister would be part of the show too, so I wanted to check. Isn't she usually busy? Does she have time for something like this?" 
Charles, still tired from filming, immediately perked up at the mention of Skylar. "Skylar? She's joining a variety show? That's news to me." Even though Skylar had been less busy in the last couple of years, she wasn't the type to agree to such things. She would have told him if she had signed up for a variety show.
"I'm not sure either," Freddie said, frowning. "They said it's a lifestyle show about family life. If your sister agreed, it feels... unusual."
Freddie had worked with Charles long enough to know Skylar's background. Her husband, Joe, was a big name in the industry, and Skylar herself had no reason to join a variety show.
These kinds of programs were usually filled with people seeking fame or money, neither of which applied to Skylar. Yet, the producers insisted she had already signed a contract.
###chapter1602
 
They said they were just waiting for Charles to give his approval.
At this point, Charles felt the situation had taken a surreal turn.
Charles said, "I'll ask Skylar."
He quickly made the call. Skylar picked up right away. "Hey, Charles?"
"Are you driving? I'll keep it short. My manager just told me you have agreed to attend a variety show. Now, the production team is reaching out to me," Charles asked directly, cutting to the chase.
Skylar immediately pulled over to the side of the road.
Just half an hour ago, she and Harvey had discussed Ruth joining a variety show, and now Charles was being contacted by the show's team. The producers were moving fast.
"It's not me, it's Ruth."
"What? I almost forgot about her. What's she up to now? Is she seriously using her status as my sister to join a variety show?"
Charles' frustration boiled over. His patience with Ruth had worn thin.
Skylar explained, "Harvey reached out to me earlier. We met up and ended up talking about Ruth. His classmate works on the production team. Ruth is working as a print model right now."
"Unbelievable! Alright, don't worry about it. Harvey and I will handle it. I can't stand her anymore," Charles said, clearly exasperated.
Skylar responded with a quick "Okay" before hanging up. She couldn't make sense of Ruth's behavior too.
Some people's logic and values were simply beyond comprehension unless you met someone on the same wavelength. Ruth was one of those people.
An indoor photo shoot had just wrapped up. Ruth was only wearing lingerie.
Although the shoot was over, the photographers lingered, crowding around her.
"Ms. Sullivan, how about joining us for a late-night snack?"
"Or maybe head to a bar and have some fun?"
Ruth had grown used to this by now.
At first, she'd struggled to accept posing so scantily in front of so many people. The way their eyes lingered on her through the camera lenses had been unbearable
UMS
But she had no other source of income. This job had been arranged by Jed Pascall, a photographer.
She hadn't wanted to take it, but Jed had intimate photos of them together and left her no choice.
Within days, she had become numb to it. She knew what the
photographers wanted. It wasn't just her youth and beauty or the fact that she was Charles' sister-they wanted to sleep with her for both reasons. 
Jed didn't care. He'd even told her that if she found someone she liked, she could sleep with them as long as they paid.
But Ruth had her limits. She wouldn't agree to sleep with just anyone.
"I have to meet with the producer of a variety show tonight. I don't have time to join you all for dinner. Maybe another day." She skillfully deflected. The group dispersed reluctantly.
Once alone, Ruth changed into her clothes and called the production team.
"Can you send the money over first? I urgently need the funds," she said.
The photo shoots barely paid enough to cover a single bag or outfit.
"This show is off the table," the producer snapped. "And as for you... are you and Charles even legally related? You claim to be siblings, but there's no real proof, is there? Charles is pissed. You've caused us enough trouble already!" The résentment in his voice was unmistakable. 
###chapter1603
 
Ruth was stunned. "The show is canceled? We already signed the contract. How can you just cancel it?"
She had been counting on the money. The paycheck from this variety show was substantial.
The producer, exasperated by Ruth's indignation, snapped back. "So what if there's a contract? Didn't you read the terms? Besides, the show's cancellation is your fault for lying.
"Our team should be suing you for damages. We had other celebrities lined up, but because of you, the entire production fell apart."
Ruth's eyes widened in disbelief. "This has nothing to do with me. Everything I said is true. I am Charles' sister. You must've seen the reports a few years back, right?
"My parents held a press conference back then to get Charles and the others to help me. They even publicly acknowledged it. As for legal proof of our relationship—who goes out of their way to get that unless absolutely necessary?
"This is on you for not clarifying things beforehand. I turned down so many jobs to make time for your show. If anyone deserves compensation, it's me!"
"You've got some nerve!" The producer's frustration boiled over. "I remember that press conference. Your parents were shameless, and clearly, you take after them. If we had known you were their daughter, we wouldn't have even considered you for this show. And now you're demanding compensation from us? Do you even want to work in Jipsburg anymore?"
Any other celebrity might have scrambled to apologize, terrified of ruining their reputation and prospects. But Ruth stood her ground, bold and defiant, as if oblivious to how precarious her position was. To the producer, she was nothing more than an attention-seeker trying to use the show to gain fame.
He wondered where she got her confidence or her audacity.
Besides, the team had just received damning information about Ruth and her family. The things they had done were appalling.
If they hadn't double-checked with Charles and allowed Ruth on the show, it could have been disastrous. Imagine the fallout if Ruth started airing dirt about Charles during the program. The team would have faced a slew of legal notices.
It wouldn't just ruin their show-it could jeopardize the entirework. The outrage from fans and viewers could bury them.
But Ruth didn't grasp the stakes. She only cared about her lost payment. "How dare you blame me for this? If you don't take responsibility, I'll go to the media and expose your team for bullying me."
"You're out of your mind!" the producer yelled before hanging up. He refused to waste another second on her.
Let Ruth try her stunts. The team wasn't worried about her tantrums or threats to involve reporters.
If anyone dug into Ruth's background, no one would take her side against the production team.
Listening to the dial tone in her ear, Ruth was furious. "You're all bastards! Jerks! I don't believe this. Is there no justice in the world? Isn't there anyone who can help me?"
As she spiraled into rage, Jed walked in.
Seeing Ruth cursing and crying, he assumed it was the photographers from earlier who had upset her. Taking his time, he strolled over and asked, "What's going on? Why are you so mad? Did those
over
photographers from earlier give you
a hard time? If they did, I'lhandle it for you." 
At the sight of Jed, Ruth immediately latched onto him as if he were a lifeline. A sinister idea began forming in her mind.
"It's not the photographers-they wouldn't dare bully me openly. It's that variety show I told you about. They canceled it, and now I won't get paid.
"Jed, look at us. We work so hard every day, hustling to make a living, and still, we barely scrape by. We can't even afford to eat at a high-end restaurant in Jipsburg without worrying about money. Our lives are miserable.
"But there are people out there living in villas, spending more in a single day than we could earn in a lifetime. Don't you ever feel jealous?" Jed's lips twitched at her words. "What kind of question is that? Of course, I'm jealous. Anyone would be.
"We're all just human, aren't we? So why do some people get to live like kings while people like us are stuck at the bottom? You at least came from a wealthy family and got to enjoy some of that life. I never even had that. So yeah, I'm probably more jealous than you." 
Ruth nodded vigorously. "That's exactly why it's so unfair. I've
experienced that kind of life before, and I know what I'm missing. It's infuriating. You know, if it weren't for certain people deliberately
novel
sabotaging me, I'd already be back home by now. My brothers are all loaded, yet here I am, scraping by with these ridiculous photo shoots just to survive." 
"You've got it worse than me, that's for sure!" Jed said with a forced smile.
"What if I told you we don't have to live like this anymore? What if we could change everything? You just have to be bold enough," Ruth said.
Jed's interest was piqued. He narrowed his eyes, a sly grin tugging at the corners of his mouth. "You have a plan?"
"If you follow my lead, Jed, the two of us could live the life we deserve."
Ambition burned in her eyes as she spoke, her mind already working through the details of her scheme.
###chapter1604
 
Ruth had come to a realization. If she didn't look out for herself, no one else would. There was no room for hesitation anymore. She had to act and act decisively.
Jed said, "Alright, I'm in. Tell me what to do."
"You know my brother, Steven, right? His wife is pregnant. She goes out every day for walks or errands. We'll wait until she's out and then..."
The sharp sound of breaking glass echoed through the room as Elsie hurled a crystal vase against the wall. Shards scattered across the floor, glittering like tiny, shattered stars.
She clutched her phone, her hand trembling with frustration as though ready to hurl it next. But at the last moment, she stopped, her grip tightening around the device.
The past few days had been an endless, fruitless battle to meet Joe. Every attempt had been futile. It was as if he was deliberately avoiding her. She had gone to the Martin Group, only to be turned away at the entrance. She'd even tried stopping his car on the street, but he owned so many vehicles. It was impossible to know which one he would be in, or it was just Paul and Lucas orchestrating her failure all along.
They were doing everything they could to prevent her from meeting Joe. It was as if they were treating her like a threat, something to be feared and avoided.
Her thoughts spiraled. How am I a threat?
She tried calling Paul again, but after their last conversation, he had blocked her. Over the past couple of days, she couldn't make sense of what was going on.
Could Joe truly be indifferent to what she had said?
But Elsie refused to believe that, her mind racing.
The woman who had given her the bracelet-she had to find her. That woman knew something.
Perhaps delivering another bracelet to Joe would spark his memories of their past life. It had to work.
As these frantic thoughts consumed her, her phone rang suddenly, slicing through the silence. The screen displayed an unfamiliar number.
Her heart skipped a beat, unease mingling with a flicker of hope. Could it be...
Elsie quickly answered, her voice trembling.
"Are you in trouble again?" The woman's voice was calm and soothing, as though it could melt away the tension coiled in Elsie's chest.
Elsie responded eagerly, "Yes, I am! I'm in trouble again. I've been trying to reach you. You're the only one who can help me now."
"Don't worry," the woman said, her
et
tone steady and reassuring. "I already guessed you'd be facing some trouble. Some things aren't your fault, but you still have to bear the consequences. Meet me at the same place as last time." 
"Okay, I'll go meet you now!" Elsie hung up, her face lighting up with an uncontainable smile. She hurried to change her clothes, her heart pounding with renewed
determination. 
She had always believed fate
wouldn't abandon her. It couldny ot
have given her a second chance at life only to leave her powerless to change anything. 
No-fate had been especially kind to her.
###chapter1605
 
After returning from her vacation, Natalie spent two days resting before bouncing back with full energy.
Despite being pregnant, she hardly felt any symptoms and decided to go shopping with Skylar. Their casual outing led them to a massive three-story baby store.
Previously, Natalie had never shown much interest in baby items, but now, everything seemed irresistibly cute.
"How about this crib and that stroller? What do you think? Should I buy them now and have them delivered to the house?" Natalie asked Skylar.
Skylar stared at the baby items Natalie pointed out and nodded with a smile. "It's a good idea to prepare early."
"Perfect! I'll check out a few more things and have them delivered together," Natalie said, her enthusiasm sparking a shopping spree.
Skylar patiently accompanied her as they explored the store, with Natalie marveling at nearly everything she saw. They spent the entire afternoon shopping, and by the end of it, Natalie felt like she could have bought the whole store.
Feeling peckish after their spree, they stopped at a convenience store next door for a quick meal. The restaurants nearby specialized in fondue and barbecue, but Natalie, mindful of her early pregnancy, avoided anything too spicy or greasy.
The convenience store's simple fare brought back fond memories of their school days when grabbing a quick bite was a regular ritual. Sitting by the window, they enjoyed their hot dogs, surprised by how good the flavors still were.
"What are you looking at?" Natalie asked when she noticed Skylar seemed distracted. She quickly looked in the direction Skylar was looking, yet all she could see were a few people strolling outside.
Skylar pulled her gaze away and looked down at the hot dog in her hands. "Do you remember Ruth? I told you about her before."
"Ruth?" Natalie echoed, the name sparking a faint memory. "Is that her? Let me take another look. I wasn't paying attention earlier."
Natalie had to admit she had
forgotten Ruth's appearance
entirely. She had only ever seen a
e
?
few photos online, and after a couple of years, people could look quite different. It made perfect sense that she might not identify Ruth, especially from the limited perspective of looking through a window. 
Skylar discreetly gestured toward a young woman outside who borea striking resemblance to Ruth. But Ruth wasn't alone-a man stood beside her, their body language close and familiar. 
The man's behavior, however, caught Natalie's attention. He kept glancing toward the baby store they had just left, his movements furtive, as though trying to avoid being seen. 
One person behaving like that might not raise too many eyebrows, but when two people were acting the same way, it started to feel a bit suspicious.
"Is that her boyfriend?" Natalie asked.
Skylar gave the pair another look. "I'm not sure, but they seem pretty close."
At that moment, Mona emerged from the baby store, accompanied by a friend, both visibly pregnant.
Natalie raised an eyebrow as she watched Ruth and the man abruptly turn away from Mona, their actions unmistakably evasive.
###chapter1606
 
Elsie and Jed waited until Mona had gotten into her car and driven off before turning their attention to the vehicle parked at the intersection. Their cautious behavior made it clear they were trying to avoid being seen by Mona.
"Hey, isn't that your sister-in-law? Are they following her?" Natalie asked, her sharp eyes immediately catching the situation.
Skylar's expression turned serious. "It looks like it. Let me make a call."
The phone rang for only a few seconds before it was answered. "Hey, Steven, I just saw Mona at the baby store."
Steven replied, "Yeah, she mentioned this morning she'd be out picking up things for the hospital bag."
"I saw Ruth and some guy acting suspiciously, following her. You need to make sure Mona stays home for now. If she needs anything, have the housekeeper get it. Ruth has no boundaries, and she might do something reckless. Mona's pregnant-she can't afford to take any risks," Skylar warned, her tone firm.
There was a brief silence before Steven's voice turned grim. "Understood. I'll handle it. You should be careful, too."
After hanging up, Skylar still looked uneasy.
Natalie frowned. "Are you okay? You're worried Ruth might try something?"
Her gaze shifted to Ruth and Jed, who were now kissing passionately right there on the street.
"Desperate people do desperate things," Skylar muttered. "She's asked us for money a few times, and we refused. Recently, she even tried to get Charles to join a variety show with her, but he turned it down, and the whole thing was canceled.
"Without the money, she's bound to act out. She's spent her whole life being pampered, thinking only of herself, and pulling strings to get her way," Skylar said, her frustration evident in her furrowed brows.
Outside, Ruth and Jed were still lost in their embrace, oblivious to the fact that they were being watched.
Natalie nodded in agreement. "People like that often make reckless choices. You're right. We should make sure your sister-in-law stays alert."
"Steven loves Mona. He'll do what's necessary to protect her," Skylar replied with a reassuring nod.
Still, Skylar couldn't shake her unease. Ten minutes later, they each returned to their homes.
On the way home, Skylar contacted Aiken, hoping to hire a few discreet bodyguards to protect Mona without alarming her or Steven.
Aiken had reliable contacts who could ensure someone's safety without drawing attention.
Just as she ended the call with Aiken, her phone buzzed again-Joe was calling.
There was some traffic ahead, so Skylar quickly pulled over to the side of the road before she answered the call.
"Traffic's bad on my end. I might be a bit late getting home. Have you made it back yet?" she asked.
Skylar had spent the day with
Natalie, while Joe had gone to play basketball with Jeremy and Rowan. He'd texted her about half an hour ago, saying the game had ended and he was heading home. 
"Not yet-traffic's rough here too," Joe replied.
Skylar laughed. "Looks like it's a race to see who gets home first."
It was likely that they were close to the city center, a place notorious for its heavy traffic. The nearby roads were almost constantly jammed. 
swne
"Is there a punishment for the loser?" Joe's voice suddenly lowered, his tone carrying a playful, intimate undertone that only the two of them would understand. 
Skylar's eyes sparkled, and her ears flushed slightly. "Alright, I accept your challenge."
She then heard Joe speaking to Lucas. "Take a route with less traffic."
He then added to Skylar, "Get ready when you get home tonight."
###chapter1607
 
Skylar's heart skipped a beat.
"Who's to say who will lose? You're the one who should be getting ready," she replied.
Joe chuckled on the other end of the line.
After hanging up, Skylar immediately started the car again.
The traffic was a mess. The cars barely moved.
But she was lucky-traffic officers had arrived to direct the flow, and the road would likely clear up soon.
As she approached the traffic light, she suddenly spotted Aiken, the man she had just spoken to on the phone earlier, and he wasn't alone. Standing beside him was Wendy. They appeared deep in conversation.
Skylar glanced at the nearby office building, which housed several companies. Wendy likely worked there. Had Aiken come to see her?
Their interaction seemed... peculiar. Aiken's gaze held a mix of anger and affection, a complexity Skylar had never seen before.
Her thoughts flashed to something Caleb had once mentioned-Simona suspected Aiken and Wendy were involved. Perhaps it wasn't just idle gossip.
As the light turned green, Skylar forced herself to look away and drove on.
...
Wendy kept her head down, unable to look Aiken in the eyes.
Their time apart had only deepened her longing, making it harder to suppress the ache in her heart.
She regretted their separation more than she cared to admit. Why had she agreed to let him go?
She loved him deeply, and she knew she always would. No one else could ever take his place. But she couldn't afford to be selfish anymore.
All she could do now was cherish the memories of the past two years. The memories he had given her over the past two years were more than enough.
"Have you found a boyfriend?" Aiken asked in a low voice.
Aiken was convinced that if it hadn't
et
been for a new relationship, Wendy wouldn't have ended things so abruptly. At first, he thought it was just a tantrum, a way for her to demand a more prominent place in his life instead of always being kept in the shadows. 
Wendy looked up in surprise at Aiken. "I broke up with you because I thought we couldn't continue like this. I want to have my own family. During the time we were together, I
never strayed. I was always faithful." 
UMS
Aiken's expression hardened, his eyes narrowing as he studied her. He already knew the answer. He'd had her investigated. Despite the admirers constantly circling her, she had never entertained any of them.
Yet, she had left him.
And now, he couldn't ignore the possibility that someone else might step into the space he once occupied. Perhaps even offering her marriage. "Come back to me," he said in a low voice.
Wendy was stunned. "You..."
She couldn't believe her ears. Her heart raced uncontrollably. She wondered if he was trying to win her back.
After two years of shared intimacy, she knew exactly what his words meant. But... Aiken was likely just used to her presence. He didn't love her.
"I'm sorry," Wendy said, her voice
trembling. "can't come back to you.
I won't accept a relationship that has to remain hidden. It's not fair to you, and it's not fair to me. And I know one thing for sure-I can't change your decision not to marry 
With that, she turned and walked away.
###chapter1608
 
Aiken pulled Wendy back immediately, his lips crashing onto hers in a heated kiss.
As the kiss deepened, Wendy felt her resolve begin to crumble. Her once firm decision wavered entirely. Aiken's voice broke through the haze of her thoughts. "I can give you everything except marriage. Come back to me."
Wendy opened her mouth to speak, but before she could, another kiss silenced her. Gradually, she lost herself in the moment, her control slipping away.
And before she knew it, she had agreed.
It seemed that she and Aiken would forever be tangled in each other's lives.
...
At the entrance to the complex parking lot, Ruth and Jed crept cautiously, trying to blend in. The security guard, Lonnie Glover, immediately noticed them and stopped them in their tracks.
"You can't be here. This is for cars only," he said.
Ruth quickly thought on her feet. "We're homeowners here. We're just picking up our car."
She had to get in this was the only way to find out which floor Steven lived on. The property management was notoriously tight-lipped, refusing to disclose any details about the residents, no matter how much Jed asked.
So, the only solution was to sneak into the underground parking lot.
Once inside, they could locate Steven and Mona's car, follow the trail, and pinpoint Steven's apartment. That would solve everything. Lonnie eyed them with suspicion, clearly unconvinced by their story.
"Homeowners?" he scoffed. "I've never seen you around. Even if you are, you can't come in. Go back and use the elevator like everyone else." Ruth's patience ran out, and her voice grew sharp. "The car is right below us. Why should we go all the way back up just to come down again? It's a waste of time. You may not value your time, but every second of mine counts. You're just a security guard-why are you so involved?"
"Yeah, you're just a security guard. Mind your own business and stop sticking your nose into things where it doesn't belong. Get out of our way!" Jed shoved at Lonnie.
Fortunately, Lonnie was no amateur. He stood his ground without flinching.
Lonnie glared at them coldly. "Get lost! I don't believe a word you're saying. Our complex has high-end homeowners, not the likes of you two." "What did you say?" Jed's temper flared, and he took a step forward, ready to act.
Lonnie rolled his eyes. "If you keep causing trouble, I'll call the cops. Let them figure out what's going on with you two."
When they heard that Lonnie was about to call the police, they muttered angrily and stormed off, cursing under their breath. But they didn't go far.
They lingered near the complex. "It
seems like there aren't many
options. We'll have to strike when
e
she's alone," Jed said, his tone heavy with frustration after thinking for a
while, still no closer to a decent plan. 
UMS
Ruth's expression darkened. "There's not much of an opportunity, but as they say, hard work pays off. We'll find a way. There's always an opening."
She narrowed her eyes, staring up at the luxurious complex.
This place was one of the most expensive properties in Jipsburg City, where every inch of land was worth its weight in gold.
Steven lived here, enjoying a lavish life, using his wealth to keep other women while Ruth hadn't seen a penny.
Since Steven wasn't acting like a man, she had no reason to show him any mercy.
...
Paul had been out all day and didn't
return home until late that night. Usually, his mother, Barbara Ruiz, would be asleep by now. But to his surprise, when he entered the house, the living room was brightly lit. 
swne
Barbara rushed toward him as soon as she saw him. "Finally, you're home! I've been waiting for you since dinner time. I've been waiting all this time."
"Mom, why wait for me? What time is it? You should be asleep by now," Paul said, looking at Barbara helplessly.
Though Barbara had aged, she still maintained a youthful and beautiful appearance, with only a few gray hairs betraying the years that had passed since his disappearance a few years back.
"I went to the church and got you a bracelet. I had to wait in line all afternoon for it. They said it'll protect you and even bring you good luck with women. You should wear it," Barbara said eagerly, trying to slip the bracelet onto Paul's wrist. 
###chapter1609
 
Paul sighed when he heard that the bracelet was supposed to attract romance.
Barbara was relentless in her attempts to meddle in his love life. One day, it was setting him up for a blind date; the next, it was giving him a charm bracelet to enhance his romantic prospects and improve his appearance.
Paul wondered if his mother thought he lacked charm and was incapable of finding a woman.
"Mom, I've already told you, when it comes to finding a girlfriend, I believe in fate. And honestly, it's hard to find someone who doesn't care about looks. Wait, no, scratch that-it's even harder to find someone who doesn't care about my money. Please, take the bracelet back," he said quickly.
He didn't want to wear any bracelet like that it would ruin his image.
Barbara, however, was not pleased. "I spent all afternoon lining up to buy this for you, and you just refuse it? No way. Today, you're going to tell me the truth. Don't tell me you don't like women.
"Otherwise, what man doesn't want women after him? This nonsense about not caring about looks-if you really do care, just get plastic surgery. Money's not an issue.
"And those scars on your face-don't tell me they're for 'reminding yourself.' You've been feeding me all these excuses because you don't want a girlfriend, and you don't want to give me a grandkid to play with."
Barbara's words came out in a steady stream, her impatience clear. She wasn't going to let Paul dodge the subject.
Paul couldn't help but feel a little speechless. "Grandkids are for playing with?"
"Is that really the main point? Stop talking nonsense and just put the bracelet on."
With a shake of his head, Paul reluctantly took the bracelet. After all, it was a gesture of his mother's thoughtfulness. The bracelet was just a gimmick, not real jewelry.
It was only meant to fool children and his mother. If he wanted something for good luck, he could just ask Skylar.
But as he studied the bracelet more closely, he suddenly found himself unable to look away.
"Doesn't it look nice? A lot of young
people wake up early just to line up
et
for these. I'm your mom, so of course thought of you first when something good came along," Barbara said proudly, pleased with her efforts as a mother. 
Paul continued to stare at the bracelet, not hearing a word of what Barbara said next.
But she didn't mind. After all, the younger generation had their own ways of thinking, far removed from the older generation's.
As long as they had each other in their hearts, that was enough.
Waving her hand, she said, "I'm going to bed now. You should hurry up, shower, and get some rest too."
But Paul didn't respond. It seemed like he was completely mesmerized by the bracelet, unable to tear his eyes away.
At the Gardner Group, Skylar had just finished her work and was about to make herself a cup of coffee when Alexander suddenly called her into his office.
Alexander was staring intently at the paperweight on his desk, his gaze fixed and unblinking. Skylar sat down and followed his eyes to the .
It was an old-fashioned paperweight,
likely
intric the 18th century, with
carvings on its
Alexander spoke, "Do you
notice
anything strange about it?" 
"Strange?" Skylar asked, immediately inspecting it more closely.
As soon as she looked at it, a vivid image appeared before her eyes. She saw a scholar dressed in rough, homespun clothes, writing fervently by candlelight.
Bathed in the warm glow of the candlelight or perhaps flushed from the long hours of focused writing, the scholar's face was visibly reddened.
Just a glance was enough to feel the
I
scholar's frustration—a frustration born from participating in three rounds of examinations but still could not fulfill his dreams. His
anger burned bright, directed at his fate. 
UMS
###chapter1610
 
Skylar examined the paperweight with a solemn expression. "This isn't a negative item, but it carries the lingering resentment of its original owner." Alexander met her gaze and nodded. "It carries the original owner's resentment? That explains a lot."
"What's the story?" Skylar asked.
Alexander began recounting, his tone deliberate. "This paperweight belonged to a friend of mine. After he acquired it, he started using it for his work. And whenever he would use it, he often felt a heavy pressure on his chest, like something weighing him down. It made breathing difficult.
"He used to enjoy practicing calligraphy during his leisure time, but since possessing this paperweight, he couldn't write a single word. At first, I suspected it might be a negative item. But it turns out to be just lingering resentment. Can you resolve it?"
Skylar nodded. "Leave it to me. I'll help dispel the lingering resentment."
"Great, I appreciate it. By the way, there's something else I'd like you to look at." He set the paperweight aside and handed her a handwritten letter. "It's from my friend, Waldo Brewer."
In an age dominated by instant communication, handwritten letters had become rare-a practice mostly kept alive by the older generation. They carried a nostalgic charm, a reminder of a time when words were given more weight and thought.
Skylar unfolded the letter, her curiosity piqued. At first, it seemed mundane, but as she read further, her expression turned grave.
The letter was from Alexander's friend, Waldo Brewer. In it, Waldo explained that his granddaughter, Haven Brewer, had been insisting she was a reborn individual. She had been pleading with him not to undergo heart bypass surgery, claiming that if he did, he would never survive the operation. Waldo, though ready for the procedure, was deeply unsettled by Haven's warnings. While the rest of the family dismissed her claims, Waldo couldn't shake his unease and sought Alexander's help.
"Do you think it's possible for someone to be reborn? Or could this be another case of a negative item influencing someone?" Alexander asked after Skylar finished reading.
Skylar shook her head. "It's too early to tell. Whether she's truly reborn or under the influence of a negative item, we need more information. Interestingly, this is the third time recently I've encountered someone claiming to be reborn.
"In both instances, the claims were tied to negative items. To determine if that's the case here, I'll need to meet Haven in person."
Alexander's frustration was palpable. "Why can't these cursed items just disappear? It's infuriating how they're used to hurt others. Absolutely despicable."
Skylar shared his sentiment. The situation was growing increasingly complex.
These so-called rebirths seemed to be connected to her, as if someone knew about her past life and shared her fate of being reborn. Her own rebirth had already caused ripples, altering the fates of the Williams family and Christopher. 
As the implications sank in, Skylar's expression hardened.
That evening, as night fell, Skylar took a long bath before settling on her bed with a book. She hoped reading might quiet her restless thoughts.
But the meeting with Alexander and the contents of the letter lingered in her mind, refusing to let her relax.
Joe emerged from the bathroom, towel-drying his hair. He immediately noticed the tension in her demeanor.
"What's on your mind?" he asked, approaching her.
Skylar looked up, her gaze clouded with worry. "Someone else is claiming to be reborn. I can't shake
the feeling that whoever's behind
this is targeting me. They minne
even know me from a past life." 
in
She had spent hours pondering who could be creating these negative items. The Williams family was no longer a threat-most members were either imprisoned or deceased, and Samuel had no knowledge of such things. 
As for others, Skylar had always maintained good relations with most people, rarely making enemies. Yet, the question remained-who could hold such a grudge against her?
###chapter1611
 
Joe's tone softened as he reassured her. "I'll have someone investigate. We'll find out who's been contacting these people behind the scenes." "That's a good idea," Skylar replied.
Sharing her concerns with Joe eased some of the tension that had been weighing on her. The uncertainty pressing on her chest felt a little lighter
now.
Joe dialed Paul's number. The phone rang for nearly a minute before going to voicemail. His brows furrowed slightly in surprise.
Paul had always been prompt, answering on the first or second ring since the day he started working for him. This was the first time a call had gone straight to voicemail.
"Are you calling Paul?" Skylar asked.
"Yeah, but he didn't pick up."
"It's not urgent. We can wait until tomorrow to talk to him in person. He can investigate later."
"Alright." Joe nodded.
The next morning, at 9:00 am, Mona drove herself to the hospital for her scheduled prenatal checkup. She had initially hoped Steven could take time off work to accompany her, but his workload had been overwhelming lately.
The checkups typically consumed her entire morning, and Steven had mentioned that Ruth might be following her. He even suggested Ruth could be planning something malicious.
The thought sent a shiver down
Mona's spine. It was unnerving to think that, in a society governed by laws, Ruth-a young woman-could act so recklessly. Mona wondered if it was because she had refused to give Ruth money last time, leading to a grudge. 
Mona had felt slightly unwell earlier but didn't want to trouble Steven, who had just started his workday. Deciding to manage on her own, she drove to the hospital.
The route was straightforward, and her destination was the hospital. Even if Ruth had malicious intent, it wouldn't be easy for her to act.
Days had passed since Ruth had
last followed her, and it seemed unlikely she could maintain such vigilance. If Ruth truly intended. harm Mona resolved to call for help and involve the authorities immediately. 
The drive to the hospital was uneventful. She completed her prenatal checkup and consulted with the doctor about her condition. To be thorough, she requested additional tests to ensure the baby's health.
Reassured by the results, Mona left the hospital feeling relieved. On her way home, she passed a bakery and remembered their signature cheese lava bread-a favorite of both her son and Steven.
Deciding to treat them, she parked and went inside to purchase a couple of loaves.
A few minutes later, she emerged from the bakery, the warm aroma of freshly baked bread wafting from the bag in her hands.
"Mona!"
The sudden voice startled her, and she froze. Her mind went blank for a moment.
Without turning around, she instinctively reached for her car door, intent on getting inside.
"Mona, I'm talking to you. Why are you ignoring me? Isn't that a bit too heartless? No matter what, you're still my sister-in-law, aren't you?" Ruth's voice grew louder as she ran
sw no
up and grabbed Mona
###chapter1612
 
At the same time, Jed walked over, positioning himself in front of Mona's car, effectively blocking her from getting inside.
Mona's face turned pale as she fixed Ruth with a cold glare. "You're not Steven's acknowledged sister, nor are you my mother-in-law's daughter. That means I'm not your sister-in-law. I don't deserve the title. Move aside."
Ruth's smile faltered for a moment but quickly returned. "Mona, we're both women. Do you really have to be so heartless?"
Jed chuckled loudly. "Ruth, your sister-in-law's got some fire. Pregnant and still stunning-imagine if we recorded something scandalous with her. Think your stingy brother would pay up? Maybe... 100 million?"
Ruth's eyes narrowed into a calculating smirk. "If it were just her, he might not. But with his child involved? That's a different story."
The plan was simple-Mona had to experience the crushing sensation of being surrounded by people taking compromising pictures of her. That would surely be enough to break her arrogance.
Upon hearing this, Mona's face went ghostly pale. Without betraying any panic, she discreetly pulled out her phone and dialed the preset emergency number-something she hadn't expected to use so soon.
Simultaneously, she turned to the bakery staff by the door and shouted, "Help me! They're trying to kidnap me!"
The area wasn't completely deserted. A few people on their lunch break were milling around, and several turned to look in her direction. Some even began moving closer.
Caught off guard, Ruth and Jed hesitated. This was their first attempt at kidnapping someone, and Mona's quick thinking threw them off balance. "She's making it up! I'm her husband. She's just throwing a tantrum because I didn't handle her pregnancy mood swings well," Jed said quickly, improvising.
Ruth jumped in, opened the car door, and shoved Mona inside. "I'm her sister. My brother-in-law's right. She's been emotionally unstable ever since getting pregnant. We just need to calm her down."
Mona didn't respond to their words, and her silence seemed to lend credibility to their story. The onlookers began to relax, dismissing it as a domestic issue.
Mona regained her composure and allowed herself to be pushed into the car, mentally calculating her next move.
"Damn! That was close. If I hadn't thought on my feet, this would've gone south fast," Jed said, letting out a frustrated breath once he got into the driver's seat.
et
"Relax. People these days aren't so eager to meddle in others' affairs. We've been tracking her for days and finally got our chance. Let's not waste it. Drive to the farmhouse we rented. Once we're there, I'll contact Steven," Ruth said. 
Mona remained incredibly calm as she spoke, "You've been following me for days just to kidnap me and extort my husband? Do you even know that this is a crime?"
"Crime? What crime have I committed? Once we get there, I'll take some fun photos of you. You'll be begging me to take your money then." Jed sneered.
He couldn't help but feel amused-a pregnant woman lecturing him about the law was almost laughable.
He knew her kind all too well-wealthy, arrogant, obsessed with appearances. If the photos leaked, her carefully curated image would crumble in public disgrace.
For people like her, solving problems with money was second nature. A small price for them, but for him, it was the lifeline he desperately needed.
Ruth joined in, her tone mocking.
"Mona, stop being na?ve. Think about how you're going to cooperate. After all, we're family. I'd hate to see things get ugly, especially with you being pregnant." 
Jed then ordered, "Take her phone away. Don't let her call the police."
Ruth immediately started searching through Mona's bag. When she finally found it, her hands froze.
The screen displayed an ongoing call to 911. Her face turned ashen, and her hands trembled.
Mona's face remained
expressionless as she spoke coldly, "The police heard everything. Both my phone and the car have tracking functions. No matter where you take me, the police and my husband will find us. If you harm me, neither of you will escape." 
"What is she talking about?" Jed barked, slamming on the brakes in panic.
Ruth's face turned pale. "She... She must've called the police without us knowing. The cops must've heard everything we said."
Just then, a car suddenly pulled up in front of them, blocking their path.
###chapter1613
 
40 minutes later, Skylar and Steven arrived at the police station almost simultaneously. The bodyguards Aiken had sent to protect Mona quietly observed from the sidelines.
When they saw Skylar, the three of them nodded in her direction. Skylar returned the gesture. Their efforts had been crucial-without them, Mona might not have been rescued so swiftly.
Even though Mona had called the police, response time was always a factor. Neither Ruth nor Jed had anticipated someone secretly guarding Mona, nor had they expected her to remain so composed and immediately alert the authorities.
Mona had stayed remarkably calm throughout the ordeal. The moment she saw Steven, she walked directly to him, and the couple embraced tightly. Steven, still visibly shaken, carefully examined Mona. "Did they hurt you?" he asked.
Mona shook her head. "Don't worry. I'm fine. I could tell this was their first time abducting someone. They were inexperienced. And I had set up my phone before I left, so when I realized something was off, I called the police right away."
"That's a relief," Steven said, the tension lifting from his shoulders. But his eyes were still dark with anger.
Mona suddenly noticed Skylar and turned to her. "I'm sorry to cause you worry. I heard from the people who rescued me that you had them secretly protect me a few days ago, fearing something might happen."
She truly felt grateful to Skylar. After learning that Ruth had been secretly following her, Skylar had arranged for someone to protect her. If it hadn't been for Ruth's attempt to abduct her, Mona might never have realized how much Skylar cared about her well-being.
Skylar smiled and said, "I just thought Ruth had lost her mind and might hurt you. I hope you don't mind."
Mona shook her head. "How could I mind? I know you were looking out for me."
If it had been any other family, a sister-in-law might simply warn, "Be careful out there." But Skylar had gone above and beyond, paying people to protect her.
After they had finished speaking, Steven looked over at the police officer standing nearby. "Can I see Ruth?"
"Sure, the suspect has been asking for you," the police said.
The case was clear-cut, with undeniable evidence. Ruth would face the consequences of her actions. Skylar said, "I'll take Mona home first."
"I'll go home with Skylar. Don't worry,
and don't get too angry with Ruth.
et
She will pay for everything she's done," Moha said, feeling exhausted after the ordeal. Being pregnant made everything even more tiring. 
As soon as she saw Steven and Skylar, she lost all her strength. She just wanted to go home and rest.
Steven nodded, trusting Skylar to take care of Mona. But he had to go see Ruth.
20 minutes later, Steven met Ruth.
She had just been brought in and didn't seem to fully grasp the gravity of the situation. When she saw Steven, she immediately shouted, "Tell the police to let me go! I didn't do anything. Mona is fine, so why amt being held here?" 
She was furious with Mona. It had been such a simple matter-if Mona had just cooperated and they had secured the money, there would have been no need for drastic measures. But Mona had called the potice, and now everything had spiraled out of control. 
###chapter1614
 
Ruth didn't want to be locked up in here. She needed to get out as soon as possible.
"Do you know how many years one could be sentenced for abducting and extortion?" Steven's gaze was sharp as he stared at Ruth.
Through her, he could already picture Finn and Miriam in his mind.
Before, there hadn't been much of an opportunity to act, but now that Ruth had handed him one. This time, he would ensure Ruth understood the consequences of messing with his family.
Ruth's eyes widened. "How many years? What are you talking about? I'm your sister. I've just been short on cash lately and thought this would pressure you into giving me some money. I didn't do anything to Mona. She's perfectly fine! You wouldn't send me to jail, would you? I'm your sister."
She hadn't grasped how serious the consequences could be. In her mind, she had done nothing wrong. It was Mona and the others who were overreacting.
Throughout her life, Ruth had done far worse-hurting classmates so severely they developed mental illnesses-yet she had never faced real punishment. Now, she couldn't understand why Mona was left untouched while she had to bear the brunt of the fallout.
Steven remained expressionless. "You should spend your time reflecting there."
He was determined to make Ruth pay the highest price for what she had done.
Ruth started to feel the first hints of fear. "But I'm your sister. Are you out of your mind? Don't you know what you're doing? Just tell the police it was a misunderstanding, and I can get out of here. Are you really going to do this to me over Mona?
"You're my brothers-why are you doing this to me? I didn't do anything wrong. If Dad comes back and finds out you're locking me up in prison over a joke, he'll be furious. He'll never acknowledge you again. I'll hate you all for the rest of my life."
She couldn't go to prison. If she did, she would lose everything her freedom, her youth.
She still dreamed of marrying into a wealthy family and entering the entertainment industry, where money and fame awaited her. She belonged there, not in a cell.
But Steven didn't seem to hear a word she said. Her protests were nothing more than background noise to him.
Standing up, he made to leave. Ruth banged on the glass.
"Don't go! You can't leave me here. Let's talk this out. Why do you hate me so much? Is it because Dad stopped wanting you all when we were kids? Do you hate me because of that?
"I didn't even know anything about it. Dad didn't do anything wrong. He and my mom were in love back then-true love isn't wrong. You can't transfer your hatred for Dad onto me. That's not fair!
"I went through so much just to get a kidney transplant. My health is still fragile, and now you want to lock me
n
up for years? That's no different than killing me. Steven, we share the same blood! Half of me is you. You can't just abandon me!" Ruth shouted in panic and anger. 
But her words fell on deaf ears. Steven didn't stop, didn't even glance back.
Ruth watched in disbelief as he
walked away, disappearing from her view entirely. It was as though a cold bucket of water had been dumped over her, forcing her to confront the reality of her situation. 
It was over. This time, she was finished.
She suddenly regretted coming back to Jipsburg. She regretted provoking Steven and the others. "I regret it! truly regret it. Officer, please tell my brother and the others I'm sorry. I swear I'll never do it again! I mean it!" 
The officer remained unfazed. "Be quiet."
The incident with Ruth abducting Mona came to an end. There was enough evidence, and the court's ruling was only a matter of time.
However, what Skylar hadn't anticipated was that Paul had gotten into trouble.
###chapter1615
 
Joe mentioned that Paul had taken two days off and wasn't answering his phone. Concerned, he decided to check on him in person.
When Joe arrived at Paul's apartment, Barbara was home, but Paul hadn't returned since leaving the day before. It appeared Paul was missing. Joe had already sent people out to search for him. Upon hearing the news, Skylar joined Joe in analyzing Paul's situation.
Surveillance footage from Paul's apartment complex showed him leaving the previous day. Nothing appeared out of the ordinary, and there was no indication he was being followed.
Paul, a seasoned martial artist in excellent shape, wouldn't be an easy target for an abduction. Yet his disappearance and the lack of contact raised serious concerns.
"It's been less than 48 hours since he left. I'm not sure we can call the police yet," Skylar said cautiously.
Joe's expression grew serious. "We should report it now."
Just as they were about to head out with Barbara to file a missing persons report, Paul suddenly called. But it wasn't Joe or Barbara he called-it was Skylar.
Skylar hesitated briefly before answering, "Mr. Ziegler, where are you right now?"
"I don't feel right. I have been restless these past few days, but I think I've finally calmed down. I believe I've been affected by negative items. I couldn't stay at home, so I went to a park near my place. Here, I feel much more at ease," Paul's voice came through, raspy and drained.
Skylar immediately responded, "We're coming to get you."
She glanced at Joe and then turned to Barbara. "Mrs. Ziegler, we have
P.ne
news about Paul. He's okay and just at a park nearby. We'll bring him home Why don't you prepare some of his favorite dishes for when we return?" Content belongs
S
Barbara, usually optimistic, had been distraught since Paul's disappearance, haunted by memories of the time she believed he had died overseas. Now, relief flooded her face.
"Of course! I'll get started right away. You two must stay for dinner. I'll make something special," she said eagerly.
"Thank you, Mrs. Ziegler," Skylar replied with a smile.
"It's no trouble at all. You've both been running around on my behalf. I'm the one who should be grateful."
Ten minutes later, Joe and Skylar arrived at the park where Paul had mentioned. The park appeared to have been recently built, and there weren't many people around It was quite peaceful. 
Occasionally, elderly people could be seen exercising on some of the outdoor equipment. After walking a short distance, they spotted Paul sitting on a bench by a man-made lake. His hands were pressed
against his head. 
From his posture alone, it was clear that he was in considerable pain. Joe's expression turned serious.
Skylar, equally concerned, felt a gnawing unease. On the way over, she had wondered what Paul meant by "negative items" and how they could have affected him so deeply.
She had known Paul for years; he wasn't one to get involved with such things.
"Paul?" she called out softly.
###chapter1616
 
Paul's body stiffened. He reluctantly removed his hand from his head and turned to look at Skylar and Joe.
"My mind is a mess," he began, his voice strained. "Chaotic memories are flooding in, blending with my own as if I've been reborn. Then those three years in Murida came rushing back, and with them, the fear. I feel like I'm losing control of myself."
He exhaled heavily, his words tumbling out in one breath. The memories of those three years were a nightmare he had fought hard to overcome. Yet now, with his mental state fragile, those horrors had returned to haunt him.
Joe furrowed his brow. "Have you come into contact with anyone or anything unusual recently?"
Paul nodded, pressing his fingers against his temples. "It was something my mom brought back for me. I hadn't even put it on yet, and these memories started overwhelming me."
Skylar followed his gaze to a beaded bracelet resting on the bench. At first glance, it seemed ordinary-something one might pick up at a tourist shop.
She picked it up, turning it over in her hand as Joe handed Paul a simple red string bracelet. "Wear this," Joe said.
Skylar recognized it as one of the talismans she had given him earlier. The string was imbued with calming properties-exactly what Paul needed
now.
"The memories from my past life... they're all about Mrs. Martin. In my past life, she never married Mr. Martin. Instead, she was killed by the Williams family. Her brothers lost everything-their jobs, their futures.
"It was a tragedy. Even though we eventually exposed the Williams family and avenged Mrs. Martin, she still didn't survive. What's strange is that only these memories came back. The rest of my past life mirrors this one. That's the part I can't explain."
Paul's voice steadied further after slipping on that bracelet. "Who made this negative item? I feel like whoever made it has a vendetta against Mrs. Martin. We need to be careful."
Once he put the bracelet on, a sense of calm seemed to wash over him, and he resumed recounting the memories from his past life.
Skylar inspected the bracelet closely, her expression hardening. "This bracelet is a negative item."
Without hesitation, she snapped the elastic string, scattering the beads across the ground. Only one bead remained in her hand-a white agate with faint carvings etched into its surface. 
The agate itself was unremarkable, the kind of decorative trinket most would overlook. But to Skylar, the faint patterns were glaringly obvious. After hearing Paul's explanation, her initial suspicion was confirmed. She exchanged a glance with Joe.
Noting the worry in Joe's eyes, she
smiled to reassure him. "Don't worry. Whoever's behind this is operating from the shadows, but their tricks are minor. They can cause disruptions, but they're no real threat to me." 
As she spoke, she wrapped the bead in the talisman she had prepared.
Paul stretched, rolling his shoulders and jumping lightly on his feet. His color had returned, and he looked far less pale. "I feel better now. Before you arrived, those memories made it impossible to tell reality from dreams. Content belongs
s won
"But once Mrs. Martin dealt with the bracelet, everything cleared up. Those so-called past life memories now feel like a bad dream—or maybe even a movie I watched."
This whole metaphysical stuff was too disturbing. Elsie was probably going through something similar.
###chapter1617
 
Skylar praised Paul. "It's a good thing your willpower is strong, or you would have easily been influenced."
Paul truly deserved the compliment. Without strong resolve, these sudden memories could easily cause someone to lose their judgment and believe they had genuinely been reborn.
As long as the negative item was nearby, it would continue to exert its influence. The weaker the person's will, the more susceptible they would be, eventually convincing themselves of their rebirth.
"Well done. Your quarterly bonus is doubled," Joe added, not only praising Paul but also offering a substantial reward.
Paul's face lit up, and he couldn't stop smiling. "Such a thing exists? I guess the suffering over the past few days wasn't in vain."
For the past few days, Paul had been unable to calm his nerves, feeling as if he had been possessed. Thankfully, he had resisted. Now, he would be rewarded with a large bonus.
It felt incredible almost surreal.
Skylar asked, "Where did this bracelet come from?"
Paul immediately became serious. "This bracelet was bought by my mother when she went to a church to pray. She stood in line for it. They say these bracelets are blessed by a master and have become quite popular.
"Everyone's lining up to buy them. My mother never came into contact with negative items, so she has no idea about them."
"Someone must have tampered with some of these bracelets," Skylar speculated, a chill creeping down her spine.
The person behind this had gone to great lengths, even targeting Paul.
Joe pulled her closer, his voice soft but firm, "I'm here with you."
et
"I think someone is deliberately targeting you, Mrs. Martin. I'll have someone trace these clues, and we'll find out who's bold enough to do this," Paul said quickly. 
As expected, Paul was thorough and quick to respond.
Despite having barely slept for two days and being tormented by negative items, Paul could still think clearly and even come up with some countermeasures.
Joe was pleased. "Find out who it is."
"Don't worry, Mr. Martin. I'll figure out who's behind this as soon as possible! I'll uncover their tricks!" Paul said with confidence.
Skylar knew that, no matter what,
Joe would always be by her side. However, a lingering sense of
unease gnawed at her. She couldn't shake the feeling that something or that
crucial had been overlooked,
she was missing a key piece of the
puzzle. 
A few days later, at 1:00 am, Joe, Jeremy, and Rowan stepped out of a private club. They had all had a few drinks.
It was Rowan's birthday, so everyone had taken time out of their evening to gather. They had been celebrating until now. Rowan had especially indulged that night.
"I'm heading out now. Thanks, everyone, for coming to celebrate my birthday. See you all next time. Rowan waved goodbye to Joe and the others before getting intohis car 
Then, Joe and Jeremy got into their respective cars and headed home.
Once Joe settled into his seat in the car, he pressed his fingers to his temples, feeling a slight headache from the alcohol.
Lucas noticed this and quickly said, "There are hangover pills in the car, Mr. Martin. Would you like to take one?"
###chapter1618
 
Joe gave a brief hum of acknowledgment as the car pulled over. Lucas quickly retrieved the hangover medicine and handed it to him.
Only after Joe had taken the medicine did Lucas start the car again. At this hour, there was hardly any traffic or people on the road, making the journey smooth and uninterrupted.
At the current speed, it would only take about half an hour to reach Galaxy Villa.
20 minutes later, as they neared the villa, the car suddenly came to a halt. Joe, who had been lightly dozing, opened his eyes.
"Are we home?" he asked groggily.
Lucas shook his head. "No, Mr. Martin. That woman who blocked the road last time when it rained is out there again."
In the dead of the night, it was a terrifying sight. At first, Lucas had thought she was a ghost. Fortunately, he wasn't easily frightened and quickly recognized her face. Still, he couldn't understand why she kept acting so erratically.
Joe furrowed his brow. "Get rid of her."
"Got it! I'll handle it. Why can't these young women find something better to do than chase fantasies? I bet she's here again claiming she's been reincarnated or something."
Lucas was sure he had her figured out. He got out of the car and immediately confronted the woman standing in front. "It's dangerous out here at this hour. What if I hadn't seen you and accidentally hit you? Move out of the way. You're just a young woman-how can you be so reckless?"
"I need to see Joe," Elsie said, her gaze fixed on the car.
Elsie could make out a figure inside the car but thought the interior was too dark to identify anyone.
"Mr. Martin doesn't have time to see you. You need to come to your senses. Don't keep daydreaming. Do you realize what you're doing right now?
"It's shameful. Do you want the media to see you like this? Are you ready to lose your reputation? What will you do then?" Lucas scolded, hoping to drive Elsie away with his words.
The woman was a real headache to deal with But Elsie only continued to stare intently at the car. "I have to see him today. I have a lot to say. If you want me to move, there's only one way-run me over." 
In the previous life, Joe had relentlessly pursued her, using all kinds of forceful tactics. In this life she was going to use the same methods to wake him up and make
n
him remember everything from their
past. 
UMS
She was certain now. Skylar had also been reborn, and she had been reincarnated years before Elsie, changing the fates of many people. Lucas was beyond words. "What's the point of causing a scene this late at night?"
"I'm not causing trouble. I'm here to tell Joe that some things really happened. If he ignores me, he'll be pushing me into a fire pit," Elsie said, stepping closer to the car.
Ever since meeting Skylar, her confidence had soared. She had never felt so determined. She would reclaim everything that was rightfully hers. She was going to make sure Skylar stayed far away from Joe. Joe was her husband.
Lucas couldn't help but twitch his mouth, realizing he was dealing with someone who wouldn't listen. He glanced at Joe in the car.
Joe could probably hear everything they were saying, but he still hadn't gotten out of the car. That clearly meant he didn't want to see Elsie.
He didn't want to waste any more time with her. Lucas immediately pulled out his phone and made a call.
"Is this the head of security? Please send someone to the entrance of the villa. We've got someone blocking the road and not letting my boss through."
"What are you doing? Why are you calling people? I told you, if Joe just sees me and listens to what I have to say, I'll leave. But now you're calling in security to make me look ridiculous? 
"Aren't you worried Joe will get mad and fire you?" Elsie asked, surprised that Lucas, who had been so patient with her, was now calling security. Lucas remained calm. "So blocking the road is justified now?"
Seeing the situation escalate, Elsie immediately walked up to the window and knocked. "Joe, look at me!"
###chapter1619
 
As Elsie got closer, she could faintly make out Joe through the car window. But no matter how hard she knocked on the glass, he didn't even glance her way. His indifference cut deeper than when they first met.
"Did Skylar say something to you? Is that why you're ignoring me?" she asked, her voice laced with obsession, desperate for an answer.
The woman had warned her. Skylar was someone who would stop at nothing to achieve her goals without any regard for morals. She would hurt anyone who got in her way to get what she wanted, and everyone was expendable for her.
She thought about what the woman had told her and realized how right she was. Skylar gave her exactly that kind of impression.
She was probably the one who had done something to Joe, making him trust her so completely. Luckily, the woman had said there was a way to restore Joe's memory.
But for that plan to work, he had to see her.
She had to face him, and she would place an item on him when they were face-to-face. This would trigger his memories.
Elsie would do everything she could to get closer to him no matter what obstacles she faced. She was helping Joe. She would make sure he wouldn't fall victim to Skylar's deception any longer.
Joe was a good man. He deserved pure, real love, not the fake one Skylar offered.
"Hey, what are you doing?" Lucas had had enough. Losing all patience, he grabbed Elsie and pulled her aside.
He couldn't understand why someone as beautiful as Elsie was so fixated on Joe. Joe was already married.
With a forceful shove, he pushed her back several steps, sending her sprawling to the ground. "Why did you push me?" Elsie shouted in protest.
"I tried to talk to you calmly, but you wouldn't listen. Now I have to resort to force to make you understand," Lucas growled.
He then opened the car door, got in, and revved the engine, speeding away.
Elsie stood there, stunned, struggling to process what had just happened. By the time she reacted and tried to stop the car, it was already too late. The car had vanished without a trace. In the distance, she could faintly make out several people walking toward her.
She remembered the phone call Lucas had made earlier. It must have been the security captain arriving with his team.
"Why does this keep happening to me? I was spoiled by my family and never had to suffer growing up. I've never been dismissed like that before. "Why do I have to endure such humiliation now? I've already been shameless enough to cling to Joe. Now I have to deal with these people laughing at me."
Overwhelmed with a sense of injustice, she couldn't help but cry. But her instincts kicked in. She turned and ran, unwilling to lose any more dignity.
If she couldn't meet Joe today, she would find another opportunity. That woman had told her that if she didn't rekindle her relationship with Joe she would never escape Alban's control and would inevitably become his mistress. She would never be able to marry anyone else. 
She couldn't let that happen.
Alban was a horrible person. He loved anyone who came his way and many women were always around him. When he grew bored of one, he'd pass her along to another man. 
Elsie knew she would have no choice in the matter. Alban controlled her family's future, and one wrong move could bankrupt them, leaving them drowning in debt.
She could end up on the streets. She had heard such stories before.
One of her friends' fathers was close to Alban, so she knew how dangerous he was. Men like Alban were common in their social circles, where everything was treated as something to be shared. Even
relationships and partners were often passed around without a second thought. 
The thought of being involved with Alban made her sick. She didn't want to end up as one of his discarded lovers.
Joe had treated her so well in her past life. If he regained his memory, he would remember how much he cared for her. She had to hold on to that hope.
###chapter1620
 
The next morning, Skylar woke up quietly, careful not to disturb Joe. She had noticed when he returned the previous night, but she had been too tired.
After he finished his shower and joined her in bed, she instinctively nestled into his arms, found a comfortable position, and drifted off to sleep again.
After preparing breakfast, Skylar left a note for Joe before leaving for work. Just as she stepped out the door and approached her car, her phone buzzed with a text message.
"Do you think rewriting fate will lead you to a happy ending? Aren't you afraid of divine retribution?"
It was an unsigned message from an unfamiliar number. Those two simple lines made her face go pale.
Taking a deep breath, she forwarded the number to Paul. "Look into the owner of this number for me," she instructed.
With that done, Skylar got into her car and drove to work. About ten minutes later, Paul called her back.
"I had someone investigate it. The number is a virtual one-impossible to trace."
When Skylar heard that the number was a virtual one, she wasn't surprised. However, her expression grew more serious. "Got it. Thanks." Stopping at a red light, she stared at her phone, lost in thought. "Rewriting fate?"
She mulled over the words and thought, "Who could this be?"
...
During her lunch break, Skylar received a call from the police. Ruth had caused a scene at the detention center, threatening to take her own life and demanding to see Skylar.
The disturbance had grown too much for the authorities to manage. While the court had yet to deliver its verdict, Ruth's actions were causing significant disruptions.
The police couldn't realistically monitor her 24/7, and her antics were affecting the other detainees.
In light of this, the authorities reached out to Skylar to see if she could meet with Ruth and perhaps calm her down.
Skylar hadn't expected Ruth to
request her specifically. They had no
personal bond. If Ruth intended to play the sympathy card or beg for forgiveness, her target should have been Mona, not Skylar. 
Still, curiosity gnawed at her, and she agreed to meet Ruth during her lunch break.
Upon arriving at the detention center, Skylar finally saw Ruth for the first time in days.
The few days in confinement had taken a visible toll on Ruth. She looked thinner, though she still had a youthful vitality, As Skylar took her in, Ruth returned the scrutiny.
The contrast between them was striking.
The first thing Ruth said was a biting, sarcastic remark. "I'm the real sister here, but they treat you like a queen. If it weren't for your brother's help, do you think you'd be living so well?" 
Skylar's response was curt. "You went through all this trouble with the police just to say that? If that's all, save your breath. I don't need to hear it."
She turned to leave without hesitation.
Panic flickered across Ruth's face as she blurted, "Wait! Don't go! Please listen to me. I—I need your help."
Skylar paused, raising an eyebrow. "You? Need my help?"
She couldn't help but wonder what gave Ruth the audacity to ask for it.
vel
Ruth pressed on shamelessly. "I know my brothers and Mona won't see me or listen to me, but they'll listen to you. Please, talk to them. Ask them hot to press charges. Please help me get a letter of recommendation so I can get out of here as soon as possible. I'm still young and have a bright future
ahead of me. I can't let this ruin me. I need my record clean." 
###chapter1621
 
At first, Ruth hadn't fully grasped the severity of her situation. But as the days passed, the reality became unmistakably clear.
Without a letter of recommendation and with Mona relentlessly pressing charges, she knew her chances of avoiding prison were slim. There was still a chance, however, if Mona spoke up for her, framing the whole ordeal as a misunderstanding. If that happened, Ruth might escape jail time.
Ruth looked at Skylar with a hopeful expression. She had already lowered herself as much as she could, so surely Skylar would take the opportunity to help.
Once Steven, Charles, and Harvey welcomed her back into the fold, she would speak highly of Skylar in front of them.
For Skylar, it would be a win-win situation. Skylar understood what Ruth was trying to do, and it was clear that Ruth had no remorse for her actions. She still dreamed of escaping the consequences. Asking Skylar to intervene with Steven and Mona was a flawed logic, and Skylar knew it. Ruth stared at Skylar, her frown deepening. "Why aren't you saying anything? This wouldn't be hard for you. If you help me, I'll treat you like a sister. It's a win-win for you," she insisted.
Skylar smiled coldly. "I have no relationship with you, and neither do Steven, Charles, or Harvey. The only way you'll get out of here is by facing the law and truly realizing your mistakes.
"You chose to abduct Mona and extort money with your accomplices, so you should understand the consequences. Make sure you reflect on your actions and reform while you're in there!"
"What did you say? I've already acknowledged my mistake. Why are you still being so unforgiving? Wait a second... I'm also a victim here.
"It was Jed-he threatened me and forced me to help him abduct Mona. It wasn't my idea. I'm innocent!" Ruth shouted, panic in her voice, hoping to get Skylar's help.
But Skylar was too relentless. She refused to help and even took pleasure in making things worse, wanting Ruth to stay behind bars.
Over the next few days, Ruth continued to cause trouble. After failing to get anything from Skylar, she tried to get Steven and Harvey to visit her.
But neither of them was in Jipsburg at the time-one was filming abroad and wouldn't be back for a while, while the other was on a business trip and wouldn't return for at least a month. 
Mona, the actual victim, would never agree to see Ruth.
Gradually, people started to realize that Ruth was only making a scene. She wasn't suicidal. After all, someone so young wouldn't seriously consider taking their own life.
Her family must have spoiled her since childhood, with no one teaching her proper manners.
By coincidence, another person who happened to know Ruth entered the facility a few days ago. They were middle school classmates.
Reunions with old classmates were usually pleasant, but Ruth's expression darkened as soon as she saw this one. "What are you doing here?"
"Well, look at this. I never thought
the day would come when you'd end up here too. Didn't you use to act all arrogant back in school? You even said that if you killed me, there'd be no consequences for you. 
net
"Isn't your family known for using money to cover everything up? You bullied all the prettier girls in class, and I had to drop out because of you. I didn't even finish high school. You ruined my life, do you understand? If it weren't for you, I'd probably be living a much better life right now." 
Her former classmate, once a victim of Ruth's bullying, was now taller and more muscular, towering over Ruth. She kicked Ruth and scratched her face with her nails.
Within minutes, Ruth was covered in blood.
At a café, Simona swirled her coffee in her cup.
###chapter1622
 
The faint aroma of coffee filled the air. Even before taking a sip, Simona felt the jet lag melting away.
"What do you feel like eating after coffee? A new Thaspia restaurant opened nearby. It's pretty good," Wendy suggested in her soft, soothing voice.
The gentle question carried a comforting warmth. However, Simona didn't have much of an appetite. "I ate something before I came out, so I'm not very hungry. Are you? If you're starving, I don't mind grabbing something with you."
"I'm not really hungry either," Wendy said with a gentle smile.
Much like Simona, Wendy had eaten before heading out. There was always plenty of bread and snacks at home. Whenever she felt a pang of hunger, she would snack on something, often to the point of forgetting regular meals.
"Wendy, we've been good friends for so many years. We practically have no secrets from each other, right?" Simona wasn't just here for a casual chat today. She wanted to clarify some things-things that had been troubling her.
Aiken's attitude left her deeply unsettled.
Wendy felt her heart skip a beat. She looked down, a bitter smile tugging at her lips. "You've figured it out, haven't you? About me and your brother?" When she received Simona's invitation to meet, Wendy suspected this might be the topic. After all, Simona had only just landed last night. Normally, she would rest for a couple of days at home before going out. This urgency was uncharacteristic.
"Yes, have you thought this through? Aiken... he's not a good man for you. He doesn't want to marry you. He hasn't even told me that you're his girlfriend. Do you really think he'll treat you well in the future?"
Simona wasn't trying to hurt Wendy. These were just hard truths that Wendy had to face.
Simona knew Aiken better than anyone. A few years ago, he had been infatuated with Skylar. However, that relationship was destined to go nowhere. After Skylar, his attitude toward the women in his life was always indifferent-using them more for entertainment than anything else. And Wendy...
Last night, Simona had tried to test Aiken's feelings about Wendy. His
bet
response was blunt. He had said that he and Wendy were simply used to being together, and while
marriage wasn't an option, they
could continue their current
arrangement. 
"What kind of talk is that? Why shouldn't Wendy have a marriage of her own?" Simona thought.
Wendy was accomplished, stunningly beautiful, and had countless admirers. She had no reason to waste her youth on someone like Aiken.
"I love him. I've never been able to talk to you about this openly before. Before I got together with Aiken, I tried dating other people, but I couldn't feel anything for them.
"Simona, I know he won't marry me. I've made peace with that now. If he won't commit, then fine. I'll enjoy the moments we have while they last." Wendy looked at Simona with a smile.
Simona's eyes reddened as she listened. Her heart ached for Wendy.
"You're amazing, Wendy. Why would you fall for Aiken? Why waste your time and youth on him? I'm not saying he's a bad person, but when it comes to relationships, he's not the kind of man you can count on for a lifetime. Unless he changes his mind and wants to marry you, your relationship will always be
uncertain." 
"I've spent two years thinking about us. Not long ago, I even tried to break things off. But it hurt too much. Eventually, I realized that loved him too much to let go. So, I've chosen to accept the way he
ve
?
approaches relationships," Wendy
replied, her tone laced with bitter
humor.
Perhaps Aiken was the one obstacle in her life she could never overcome. Years ago, he had saved her from the depths of despair, and now she willingly let herself sink into the whirlpool of emotions he created.
Simona's chest tightened as she listened. "You... I..."
"I know you're worried about me, but don't be. Other than the fact that he won't marry me, he's been good to me these past few years." Wendy reassured her, forcing a smile.
###chapter1623
 
Simona found herself at a loss for words.
It was clear to her that Wendy had become deeply attached to Aiken. As for Aiken, he seemed to care about Wendy as well.
Otherwise, he wouldn't have allowed Simona to learn about their current relationship. Some of the people around him even knew of Wendy's presence in his life.
Still, Simona couldn't shake the feeling that if things continued as they were, Wendy would ultimately be the one who hurt the most. However, matters of the heart were something only those involved could truly understand.
In the end, only Wendy could decide for herself.
As for Simona, all she could do was occasionally try to talk some sense into Aiken. She hoped he would take their relationship seriously and make up his mind about marrying Wendy sooner rather than later.
At the golf course, after finishing a game, a group of men sat down to rest, sipping tea while casually discussing a joint business project.
No one paid much attention when a graceful waitress brought over their tea.
That was until one of the men squinted and remarked, "Wait, aren't you Mr. Rowe's assistant? What are you doing here as a waitress?"
The casual comment drew everyone's gaze toward Elsie. Joe, seated among them, also cast a cold glance her way.
Several gazes landed on Elsie at the same time, making her feel very nervous. Elsie swallowed hard. She could feel a tingling sensation on her scalp as she sensed Joe was also looking at her.
At least her efforts hadn't been wasted. It had taken careful planning to get hired here.
After all, Alban had mentioned that Joe came to this golf course three or four times a month. Many people frequented this spot for business discussions, and Elsie had placed her bet on this habit of his.
Elsie had been working at the golf course for several days. It was tiring, and she nearly gave up on holding on. But today, she finally saw Joe arrive. "Good things come to those who wait," she thought, her heart racing as she tried to steady her breath.
Her voice was soft and gentle as she explained, "I resigned from Mr. Rowe's assistant position recently and decided to take a job here."
Some people knew Alban's characteristics well, and after hearing Elsie's words, they couldn't help but chuckle softly. The woman had some backbone.
For a woman like Elsie to quit, it was clear she didn't want to become just another of his conquests. After all the man had a notorious reputation for taking advantage of the beautiful, capable women around him
swnow
Those who didn't want to fall into that trap had no choice but to leave.
After a brief rest, the group resumed their game. Elsie stood nearby, her eyes drawn to Joe as he played.
She couldn't help but watch his
every move, noticing the effortless skill he displayed on the course. The way he moved, the strength and grace in his posture, made her heart
race even faster. 
A man like him, standing at the top of the pyramid, was exactly the type of man she should be drawn to.
Other men around her seemed insignificant in comparison.
At first, the other CEOS had been interested in Elsie. She was young, stunningly beautiful, and had an innocence that triggered their instinct to protect. But with that protectiveness came other, less honorable intentions. 
However, it was clear from the way she acted that Elsie's interest was solely focused on Joe.
Young women just entering society often had no hesitation.
But for those who knew Joe well, they understood this pursuit was futile. Still, sometimes, things had a way of turning out differently than expected. Half an hour passed.
###chapter1624
 
In front of the restroom door, Elsie's heart was racing. Today, she would finally be able to see Joe. This time, he wouldn't be able to avoid her anymore.
She clutched the talisman in her hand.
This talisman had been given to her by the woman. All she had to do was slip it into Joe's clothing.
She had earlier noticed that the side pocket of his jacket would be the perfect spot for it. She could pretend it was an accident and slip it in there. Just then, Joe walked out of the restroom.
She heard his footsteps. Timing it just right, she threw herself toward him.
"Ah! I'm sorry!"
After several rejections and failed attempts to get close, Elsie had learned from her mistakes. This time, she made sure it was Joe and that no one else was around before she threw herself at him without hesitation.
Joe was quick to step back but still allowed her to brush against his arm. The air around him seemed to freeze.
After stumbling to regain her balance, Elsie met Joe's gaze, which was cold enough to freeze her in place. She swallowed nervously.
"I... I didn't mean to. There's a stone here, and I didn't notice. I'm really sorry!
"And also, I want to apologize for disturbing you the past couple of days. I've been going through a lot recently. I had a nightmare and got all muddled up, unable to tell reality from dreams. I'm sorry for causing any inconvenience to you and your wife. I won't bother you again."
She said this carefully, glancing at Joe with caution. The woman had told her that as long as the talisman was on Joe, he would remember their past life experiences once they came into contact. She wouldn't have to work so hard to seek him out again.
He would come to find her, just like in the past life, and she could finally speak her mind without any worries.
Hearing her words, Joe was slightly surprised. He narrowed his cold eyes and stared at Elsie.
Elsie didn't understand why she felt guilty, but her heartbeat became uncontrollable after being stared at like that.
Elsie felt an inexplicable sense of guilt, which she couldn't quite describe. She panicked and quickly ran away, truly afraid that Joe might see through her.
"Mr. Martin, what are you looking at? That assistant of Mr. Rowe from earlier?" someone approached.
Joe withdrew his gaze. "It's time. I have to go," he replied.
"Huh? Aren't you going to play a few more rounds? I haven't won a single game today," the person said.
"Next time," Joe said, his tone dismissive.
Elsie nervously dialed a number while in a cab.
"I've placed the item in his clothes," she said into the phone.
The voice on the other end sounded a little excited. "He didn't notice, did he?"
"No, he didn't. But I can feel that he probably still thinks I'm throwing myself at him. He clearly dislikes me now. I don't know how long it will take for him to regain his memory and realize that I'm the one he loved in his past life," Elsie said, feeling like she might break down. 
When she collided with Joe earlier, his gaze was so cold and terrifying that it felt like her heart would leap out of her chest.
He'd looked like he wanted to kill her.
It was a look of complete disdain and even repulsion for her trying to get close to him. It stung like a stap to the face. She didn't want to feel so pathetic, so desperate for Joe's affection. 
"You've done ve eywell. Don't worry. He'll remember everything soon. It'll happen in the next couple of days He'll realize the truth about Skylar
and come looking for you. Then You be the one he loves the most. 
"Anyone who dares to mess with you will regret it. Elsie, your good days are coming." The woman's voice grew more excited.
Elsie wasn't sure why, but something about it all felt off. She couldn't shake the feeling that something was wrong.
"Are you sure?" she asked.
The woman laughed. "I'm the one who made you remember your past life. I gave you the chance to know the truth so you wouldn't blindly follow Alban. Don't you trust me?"
###chapter1625
 
Elsie said earnestly, "I... I trust you completely. I understand now that you are the best person for me. You've done so much for me without asking for anything in return. When Joe and I are together, I'll repay you."
She truly meant it. She would repay her.
Hearing her words, the woman on the other end of the line chuckled softly. "Okay."
After hanging up, Elsie stared out the window. She knew she wouldn't be able to sleep tonight.
She instantly regained memories of her past life when she took the items the woman gave her. If everything went as planned, Joe might recover his memories tonight. If he did, he would seek her out that very night.
After all, in their past life, his possessiveness was overwhelming. He couldn't stand not knowing her whereabouts. After awakening such intense feelings, he would certainly seek her out.
"I'll wait for you," she thought, staring deeply at the city lights through the window. As the familiar scene passed, she felt like she was walking down a path toward a bright future.
On the ride back, Lucas glanced at Joe in the back seat. After leaving the golf course, Joe started to feel unwell.
"Mr. Martin, are you feeling alright? There's a hospital just ahead. Would you like me to stop and take you to see a doctor?" Lucas asked.
Joe looked at Lucas, his gaze unfocused, as though he was looking through a mist.
"Take me home. Call Skylar and tell her to come home."
After speaking, Joe closed his eyes. He didn't look like himself at all.
Lucas was startled. He had never seen Joe like this before. Quickly, he called Skylar.
As soon as the phone call connected, Lucas' anxious voice came through. "Mrs. Martin, Mr. Martin isn't feeling well. Are you at home?" Skylar, who was having lunch with Simona and Caleb, immediately felt her smile fade after hearing Lucas' words. "I'll head home right now."
She quickly grabbed her bag and said to them, "Let's plan for another time."
Simona froze for a moment before nodding. "Sure. We'll meet next time."
She could tell that Skylar was in a rush. Something must have happened. It was the only explanation for Skylar's sudden change in demeanor after answering the call.
Caleb commented, "It must be Joe asking her to come home. It's the weekend, and he won't let her stay out with friends? He's way too clingy, isn't he?"
As the CEO of Martin Group, Joe was decisive and feared by many in the business world. But privately, he was clingy.
If people knew this, they would never believe it.
Simona raised an eyebrow. "No way. Are you still into Skylar? Sounds like jealousy in your voice."
She couldn't believe that Caleb had become so sentimental.
She could understand his past crush
on Skylar but that had been years ago. Now, he wasn't even seeing anyone, and he still seemed to be
holding on to feelings for he 
Caleb's face flushed. "Stop making up stories. Skylar is my mentor. She teaches me things every day. I'm just standing up for her."
He just couldn't stand Joe. He felt Joe didn't deserve Skylar.
Simona smirked. "Yeah, keep telling yourself that. If it makes you happy, go ahead. But seriously, you should find yourself a girlfriend. It's time."
"I don't want one. Women are too much trouble."
"And men aren't troublesome?" Simona rolled her eyes.
Caleb groaned. "Alright, let's not argue every time we meet. Didn't you say your brother and Wendy are dating now? What's going on with them?"
Simona's expression darkened as
she began to vent. "Aiken is such a
scumbag when it comes to
relationships. He doesn't want to get married, but he's stringing Wendy along. 
"I'm so frustrated with him. And Wendy, she's completely devoted to him-she's hopeless. I don't know what to say about them. Honestly, I feel bad for her. She met him in her prime and ended up falling for him like this." 
S
###chapter1626
 
Caleb didn't say anything. After all, it was about Aiken. And there must be a reason why he didn't want to get married. Of course, Simona understood that.
When she was younger, she didn't understand, but now that she was older, she realized that Aiken probably feared that marriage would make him vulnerable. He worried that it would become a weakness-something that could harm his family.
Now, Simona thought that sometimes Aiken overthought things. He shouldn't worry about things that hadn't even happened yet. He was living just fine as it was.
Worrying about things that might never happen could lead to a life full of regrets, and that just didn't seem worth it.
She had told Aiken all of this, but he disagreed. So, she could only wait and see. Their relationship couldn't stay the same forever.
Skylar drove home quickly. Thankfully, the place where she had met Simona and Caleb wasn't far, so the drive home only took about 20 minutes. She was a bit worried about Joe's condition.
He had gone to play golf today, and it wasn't even a particularly intense sport. She wondered why he was suddenly feeling unwell. A sense of unease began to settle in her chest.
Soon, she arrived at Galaxy Villa. Seeing the car parked in front of the house, she hurried inside. Lucas had just come downstairs.
Upon seeing Skylar, Lucas quickly spoke up. "When Mr. Martin came back, he said he wasn't feeling well and asked me to call you. He said he didn't need to go to the hospital, but I noted that he didn't look well. I'm not sure what happened, so I just informed Mr. Grey. He should be here soon." Skylar nodded. "Okay, I'll go check on him."
Two minutes later, she was at Joe's side. He was lying on the bed, eyes closed, his brow furrowed tightly. It was clear he was feeling unwell. "I'm back," Skylar murmured as she walked over to the side of the bed.
As she got closer, she suddenly felt that something was off. Joe opened his eyes.
When he looked at her, his gaze seemed to pierce right through her, as though he was seeing someone else entirely. He said nothing.
Skylar's expression changed
instantly. Who did you meet today?
Did you come into contact gel
something?" she asked, but
didn't respond. 
After a brief glance, he closed his eyes again. Skylar immediately grabbed his hand, refraining from asking more questions. She knew that no matter what she asked, Joe wouldn't hear her now. 
He had come into contact with a negative item today.
Over the years, Joe had developed a sharp sensitivity to negative items. Although he could usually keep most of them at bay, sometimes, when he wasn't sure, he would ask
her 
So, today's situation must have been particularly unusual. Perhaps he had unknowingly encountered negative items.
As soon as she held his hand, Joe spoke up. "Are you Raven Garrett?" he asked.
His eyes were closed, but his words were clear, not at all like incoherent ramblings.
"Raven Garret?" Skylar thought.
She paused for a moment. She had never heard that name before.
She wondered if it could be one of his friends, a classmate, or maybe someone from his company.
###chapter1627
 
Now was not the time to dwell on those thoughts.
Skylar knew that Joe's situation was urgent. The negative item had already begun to affect him.
If she wasn't mistaken, Joe's condition should be similar to Paul's.
For those with weak willpower, the sudden influx of memories would cause little pain-they'd quickly accept them. But for someone with Joe's resilience, the struggle to resist the invasive memories was agonizing. It felt as though his very essence was being ripped apart.
Skylar sprang into action, grabbing a pen and swiftly drawing a seal on Joe's palm. The moment she finished, she sensed his condition stabilize. The influence of the negative item began to wane.
Skylar wiped the sweat from her forehead just as Howard arrived.
He asked, "What's going on with Mr. Martin?"
He had just performed some checkups on Joe a few days ago. Joe's health had been excellent, and there were no major issues.
Skylar turned to Howard. "He came into contact with a negative item, and now it's affecting him. We need to step outside and talk. He requires a quiet environment to calm his mind."
"Oh, okay."
Howard's expression became more serious after learning it was a negative item. He had just spoken with Paul over the phone, learning about the situation Paul had encountered a few days ago.
Paul had come into contact with a similar negative item, and it had caused him to believe he had been reborn. He had developed strange, movie-like memories that didn't belong to him.
When Howard heard that, he thought it sounded fantastical. But now, seeing Joe's condition and observing Skylar's serious expression, he suddenly understood how harmful these negative items could be.
If such items controlled everyone, the world would descend into chaos. People would live in fabricated memories, abandoning reality entirely.
When they reached the living room, Skylar took a moment to drink half a glass of water to soothe her dry throat.
Howard, who was standing nearby,
asked uneasity, "Who could be
powerful enough to create such a
e
negative item? Mr. Ziegler told me that several people now believe they underwent a rebirth. Hardly anyone can resist the illusion. Honestly, I'm terrified I might run into one of these items myself." 
et
He knew his limitations. His courage wasn't as great as Paul's, and his willpower wasn't as strong. He feared that he might fall under the control of a negative item as well, and he dreaded becoming the kind of person others would think was insane. 
Although his thoughts were a bit paranoid, they weren't entirely unfounded.
"I'll give you a talisman later. If you do come into contact with one of these negative items, you'll know deep down that it's just an illusion. Then come find me." Skylar reassured him.
Howard let out a relieved breath. "Okay, okay. I don't want these bizarre things clouding my judgment."
Skylar checked the time. It would soon be dark, and Joe probably wouldn't wake up anytime soon.
"Joe's condition has stabilized. I'll wait for him to wake up. You don't have to worry," she said.
Howard nodded. "Alright. I'll head home. I recently moved, and my new place is closer to you. Just call me if anything happens, and I'll be there immediately."
"Alright."
After Howard left, Skylar stood alone
in the quiet Galaxy Villa, feeling az weight on her chest. Paul had been investigating the person behind the negative items, and there were already some leads. 
It didn't seem to be someone she knew.
Over the past few days, she had been checking people she knew, but there were no red flags.
###chapter1628
 
Skylar took a deep breath and pushed aside her thoughts. She went to the kitchen, cooked some chicken soup, and heated a few sandwiches she had made earlier and stored in the fridge.
Time passed unnoticed, and the sky outside had completely darkened before she knew it.
There was no moon or stars tonight, only the glow from some streetlights. She glanced out the window before looking away.
Suddenly, she felt someone standing at the kitchen door. She immediately turned to look and met Joe's deep, intense gaze.
She asked as she walked toward him. "How are you feeling now?"
Without saying a word, Joe immediately pulled Skylar into his arms and kissed her. The kiss was urgent and passionate, as if he needed to confirm that she was real and wasn't just a dream.
"I've been having so many conflicting memories. One of them is about a person named Raven. I met her a few years ago, and what happened next... it's almost exactly like what Elsie described," he said, his voice laced with confusion.
Half an hour later, after finishing their chicken soup and feeling warm and content, Joe shared more about his memory.
"Raven?" Skylar murmured, unfamiliar with the name.
Joe had mentioned it briefly earlier when he was delirious. At that moment, a new memory of this person seemed to emerge in his mind. She hadn't appeared in front of them yet. A negative item wouldn't just randomly insert someone into memory, so Raven would show up soon. "I don't know her," Joe replied with a frown.
When he first woke up, he felt disorientated, but he quickly regained clarity.
As Paul had mentioned, the extra memories now felt like scenes from a movie. Seeing the seal left on his palm, Joe felt a warm sense of
reassurance.
"I'll have Aiken look into this person," Skylar said.
Joe immediately frowned, clearly not wanting Skylar to have too much contact with Aiken.
Skylar smiled and said, "Aiken has been liking a girl for the past few years. She's a friend of Simona. They've been secretly dating, and hardly anyone knows about it."
She actually knew about Aiken's feelings for her a few years ago, but both of them understood that they could only remain friends.
Joe raised an eyebrow. "They're dating? Interesting."
He had thought Aiken would still be as stubborn as always. But it seemed he had finally learned that it was best to let go if something wasn't meant to be.
...
That evening, after arriving home, Elsie began to wait. She waited through the night, watching darkness deepen, and kept waiting as the first rays of sunrise broke through.
She hadn't slept a wink. But by the time the sun dipped below the horizon again, her patience had run out.
"Joe still hasn't come to find me. He
knows my phone number, but he hasn't called. Is something wrong? Didn't she say he would regain his memories soon? Why hasn't he come to find me yet?" she questioned. 
S
The woman on the other end of the line remained calm. "After all, Joe has a strong will. For him to truly ? believe he has undergone a rebirth, it won't happen overnight. You've already waited this long-what's another day or two?" 
"I'm not worried for myself, but... but Mr. Rowe has contacted me again. He said that there's still no progress after all this time, and he believes I've been deceiving him.
"He wants me to meet him
ne
tomorrow. This is the last deadline. I... I don't have time anymore. Should I go see doe? After meeting with him, he'll be more certain that the memories from his past life are real." The more Elsie talked t
more her voice betrayed her rising anxiety. 
###chapter1629
 
After hearing Elsie's words, the woman at the other end said, "There's no point in looking for him."
"Why?" Elsie felt uneasy as she listened to the woman's sudden cold tone.
Why did it feel like the woman's attitude had changed? She didn't seem as gentle and kind as before.
"There's no reason. Do as you please. This is the end of it. Don't contact me again," the woman said, her voice growing colder.
As the call disconnected and the busy tone sounded, Elsie felt an unbearable chill enveloping her, as if she were wrapped in ice. Even though she was na?ve and not particularly clever, she still sensed that something was wrong.
"What did she mean by that?"
Panicked, she immediately called the woman back, dialing again and again, but every call failed. She had been blocked!
It was hard to believe that someone she had trusted so sincerely could suddenly abandon her like this. Why would she leave her alone?
Elsie stood up in a flurry. Looking outside into the pitch-dark night, she glanced at the clock on the wall.
It was already 9:00 pm.
Skylar and Joe were just about to go to sleep when they heard some noises.
It sounded like someone was knocking on something outside the door, shouting something. But because their villa was well soundproofed, they couldn't hear clearly.
"Let's go down to check."
Both of them put on their clothes and headed downstairs.
When they looked at the surveillance feed, they saw Elsie standing outside the main gate.
At that moment, Joe's expression
turned
Leones
cold. Skylar also lookedet
slightly impatient. Then, they walked
Stogether. Content belon walked
to
When Elsie saw the two of them walking out side by side, her eyes were full of disbelief. "You..."
How could they still seem like a harmonious couple?
Joe looked at her with cold, indifferent eyes, as if nothing had changed. At the very least...
Shouldn't his gaze toward her have changed if he had regained some memories? Shouldn't there be
love he couldn't hide? 
suspicion, longing, or per mee
some
But there was none of that!
"Why are you here again?" Skylar asked with some helplessness.
Of course, it was just helplessness, not blame. After all, Elsie had been influenced by a cursed .
Over the past two days, Skylar had
also learned a bit about Elsie's situation. She had Paul investigate some things. 
While under the influence of a cursed , Elsie had originally been instructed by Alban to approach Joe.
The cursed and her being reborn were just triggers.
###chapter1630
 
"I want to talk to Mr. Martin. Could you please give us some space to talk alone?" Elsie requested Skylar.
Skylar raised an eyebrow.
Suddenly, Joe threw a crumpled talisman paper at Elsie. "Who gave you this talisman?"
Elsie stared at the familiar talisman on the ground, her eyes widening.
"You... How could you crumple the talisman like this? This is a talisman that can help you recover your memories from your previous life! I'm doing this for your own good. I don't want you to continue being deceived by Skylar."
No wonder she had waited all day yesterday and today and still hadn't seen him. It was because the talisman had been destroyed!
She glared angrily at Skylar. "It was you, wasn't it? You discovered the talisman and selfishly destroyed it to prevent Joe from realizing the truth! Skylar, do you know that you've ruined my life?"
"You've fallen too deep into the role. Have you ever considered that the extra memories you have are fragmented, like bits of text appearing in your mind?
"A negative item has influenced you. In other words, the person who gave you the talisman used you through the ," Skylar said, suddenly feeling pity for Elsie.
However, everyone deserving of pity had flaws that were hard to overlook.
After being targeted and used, Elsie was now stuck in the mire with no way out.
Elsie's gaze flickered as she recalled that woman blocking her and the words she said before cutting her off. It made her heart tremble uncontrollably.
A negative item... Was it really a negative item?
Were her and Joe's past experiences just illusions given to her by the ? But the emotions felt so real.
And yet, those memories seemed to be nothing more than fragments. She could only recall a few pieces repeatedly.
There was nothing beyond that—no vivid scenes of everyday life, like eating together at home or even bathing together.
Her chest felt like it was weighed down by a massive stone, making it hard to breathe.
"I... I... Haven't you remembered even the tiniest bit?" Elsie asked unwillingly. She couldn't accept that everything was just a dream.
"Get some security over," Joe said, having called someone at some point.
Elsie's eyes widened in disbelief. "You..."
Her eyes turned red with grievance. "How can you be so cold? Look at how pitiful I am. I have no idea where to go or what to do next, but you still call security on me."
She then looked toward Skylar. "As a woman, I'm younger than you. When you were my age, you weren't being treated unfairly as well? Can't you put yourself in my shoes?"
Skylar had initially pitied Elsie, but now she only found her foolish.
"I know about your family's situation. If I were you, even if my family had nothing, as long as I am alive, I could work my way forward step by step and at least not starve to death.
"But you chose a shortcut-or
perhaps your father chose it for
you-yet you didn't resist but
accepted it instead. What does that
say? Trying to gain sympathy by playing the victim makes you undeserving of any sympathy." 
Elsie's face flushed red. "You're not me. If you were me, you'd have no other options either! What right do you have to criticize me? I'm only 20. I've done nothing wrong.
"It's people like you who forced me to where I am now. And besides, you say those memories of mine are influenced by a negative item. Who can prove that?"
"I can," Joe said in a deep, cold voice.
Those simple words were a clear declaration of his support for Skylar.
et
Elsie's face burned, her cheeks felt hot as if she had been slapped. "She's deceiving you! How could there be such a thing as a negative item inthis day and age? How can you believe in something like that?" 
"From the moment you placed the talisman on him, it was clear that you knew it was a negative item," Skylar exposed Elsie's lie.
Elsie's face turned even redder. "I... I thought it was just something like a protective talisman. How could I have known it was a negative item?" "Leave," Joe commanded coldly.
Elsie was so startled she jumped, her previously flushed face now pale.
"Stop harassing us. This is as far as our tolerance for you goes. As for the negative item attached to you, I can help you deal with it," Skylar said, her patience worn thin by Elsie's persistent drama. 
She was willing to give Elsie one last chance because of the negative item.
###chapter1631
 
However, Elsie took several steps back.
"Help me? How could you possibly help me? If you really want to help me, then let Mr. Martin support me financially! Stop monopolizing him! Someone as amazing as him shouldn't be revolving around you all the time. If you let Mr. Martin take care of me, all my problems will be solved!"
She shouted these words at Skylar, almost hysterically.
This was what she truly wanted!
If everything she had experienced was nothing but a false dream, then what she truly desired was for Joe to rescue her like a knight in shining armor. She was even willing to share Joe with another woman, willing to be a secret lover living in the shadows.
Joe's face turned grim. "Your family has no reason to stay in Jipsburg anymore."
Elsie felt as if she was struck by lightning.
She suddenly calmed down, recalling some of the rumors she had heard about Joe in the past. It was said that those who offended him almost never managed to stay in Jipsburg.
Those who tried to remain in the city ended up losing everything, falling to the bottom of society with no way to survive.
Her family was already on the verge of collapse. Alban was holding them hostage, but at least they still had some breathing room and maintained a respectable appearance outside.
But if Joe stepped in, her family would have nothing left!
"I was wrong! I'm sorry. I shouldn't have been pestering you! I truly made a mistake!" Elsie's knees went weak, and she almost collapsed to the ground.
Just then, two security guards arrived.
Seeing them, Elsie turned pale as a sheet. But she was still unwilling to give up as she stared at Joe.
However, Joe was never one to be soft-hearted. No matter how pitifully she cried, he wouldn't feel sorry for her.
"Skylar, I was wrong! I was out of my mind. What I said earlier was just out of anger-it wasn't what I truly meant! Please believe me! I really know I was wrong!" Elsie turned to Skylar for help. 
But Skylar had already turned and gone back into the villa. Joe followed Skylar inside as well.
Elsie froze in place, completely stunned.
"How did you get in here? Don't you know this is private property? Leave now! Or we'll take you to the police station!"
"What are you standing there for? You look so decent, yet you're doing shady things like this!"
Hearing the security guards scolding her, Elsie felt dazed and lost. It felt like she had caused a major disaster for herself.
Out of the corner of her eye, she noticed the crumpled talisman paper on the ground.
A negative item... Was it really cursed?
"She's currently under the influence of a negative item. It has affected her judgment. There's no need to dirty your hands over this.
"Paul mentioned that the troubles
her
Tamily is facing are impossible to
resolve. Alban never lets go once he someone in his grip. Content
han
belongs to 
"If her family refuses to start over and continues trying to take shortcuts, they won't last long," Skylar said, trying to calm Joe.
She knew that Elsie's behavior had enraged him, and the fact that she had placed a talisman on him made him genuinely want to destroy her family. 
These things were easy for Joe. But it wasn't worth dirtying his hands over it.
Joe's anger eased under Skylar's persuasion. "I'll listen to you."
###chapter1632
 
Skylar smiled and said, "Let's go to bed. I'm tired."
...
As soon as Elsie stumbled home in a daze, her father grabbed her arm.
"You said Joe likes you and that he'll help our family so we don't need to fear Alban anymore, right? So what did Joe say? How is he going to help us? Will he give our company some big contracts?"
If it were Alban asking her this, Elsie wouldn't have minded as much. But it was her father.
This made Elsie feel like nothing more than a cheap commodity, traded at will.
"Why aren't you saying anything? Didn't you confidently tell your elder brother about it yesterday? I couldn't believe it when he told me that Joe actually took a liking to you!
"Do you have any idea how many people in Jipsburg have tried to cozy up to him using women, only for that to fail? But it looks like my daughter pulled it off!" Gary Shepard, Elsie's father's face lit up with excitement.
His words carried the joy of someone believing that their family was finally about to climb to a higher social class, no longer at the mercy of Alban Rowe.
Elsie's face turned pale, her mind blank. "No, no! Joe doesn't like me at all! He treats me like a joke! Are you satisfied now?"
How could she have a father like this? A father who encouraged her to become Joe's mistress!
No, it didn't start with Joe. He had first pushed her toward Alban!
Knowing full well that she would just be another plaything to Alban, her father had still sent her off without hesitation for the sake of the company and his own gains.
"What? What are you saying? Didn't you tell me you had already made Joe fall for you?" Gary was taken aback.
He had been dreaming about it the whole day. But now that dream was shattered before it could come true.
"Are you even my father? Are you? When you pushed me toward Alban, did you ever consider that he's even older than you? How could I have a father like you? You're willing to sell your own daughter for your own gain!" Elsie shouted angrily.
But as soon as the words left her mouth, she was slapped across the face.
"Have I ever wronged you? I sent you to a private school! If you hadn't been so disappointing, I would've sent you to study abroad! It's your own fault you failed to win over Joe!
"Now, when ask you to contribute to this family, you refuse? You even insult me! If you're okay with all of us cramming into a tiny rental room in the future, then go ahead and don't meet with Alban!" Content_belongs to 
Gary, humiliated by his daughter's accusations, was flushed with anger and gave Elsie two more slaps.
Elsie's lips started bleeding. She clutched her face, glaring at the man before her with hatred. "I'm not going to see Alban!"
After meeting someone like Joe, how could she lower herself to be with Alban?
She could endure hardship. She could find a job. But she wouldn't degrade herself like that again.
Maybe, just maybe, if Joe saw her working hard and struggling, he would finally fall for her.
Besides, she firmly believed there were no such things as negative items.
She had been reborn. The heavens had given her a second chance so she could turn her life around!
"I'm cutting ties with you! I won't rely on you anymore, and I'll never come back to this house!" Elsie shouted her final words in fury before
pushing the door open and running out 
UMS
A few days later, Aiken sent over a file with Raven's personal information.
Raven Garrett, a native of Craestin, was 29 years old and graduated from Craestin University.
She had worked in sales at a foreign trade company for several years.
A few months ago, she broke up with her boyfriend of eight years Then, she left her job and came to Jipsburg six months ago, where she started selling women's clothing through online live streams. 
There wasn't much else.
Raven wasn't fond of socializing and didn't have many friends. She now ran her own live-streaming business with seven or eight employees, often hosting the streams herself.
"I also found surveillance footage showing that she met with Elsie."
###chapter1633
 
Skylar first reviewed the surveillance footage.
The faces of the two people in the footage weren't very clear.
She had met Elsie before, so she recognized her immediately. But the other person was a stranger—someone she had never seen before.
Next, she searched for Raven on the live streaming app.
There was no live stream at the moment, but there were pre-recorded short videos available. In these videos, Raven showcased her figure while wearing the clothes she was selling.
The woman was a completely unfamiliar person. Skylar had never seen Raven before.
After watching several of Raven's videos, Skylar fell into deep thought.
"Skylar, do you have a moment? Can you help me take a look at this coin?" A colleague came into the break room to ask her.
So, she put her thoughts aside and said, "Sure."
In the outskirts of Jipsburg, there was a dilapidated office building housing numerous small businesses, including several online media companies. Elsie had taken the subway and bus to get there.
She looked up at the worn-out building before her, anger blazing in her eyes. Her recent experiences had made her realize she had been completely deceived!
Initially, she thought the person she was looking for had vanished. But then, to her surprise, she stumbled across Raven while browsing videos online.
It turned out that Raven was just an online seller, selling women's clothes. Yet, she had tricked her and even gave her a negative item.
Over the past two days, Elsie had
researched a lot about negative items. The general consensus was that these items harmed people,
causing confusion and ine
making them lose their sanity. 
Thinking back to the memories that had appeared in her mind after coming into contact with the negative item and how she had been unable to think clearly recently like she had become someone else entirely-Elsie realized she had been manipulated. 
The uncontrollable emotional outbursts, the irrational thoughts, and the obsessive fantasies about Joe had tortured her deeply.
She had to demand an explanation for herself and make Raven compensate her for her losses!
At this point, she couldn't bring herself to ask Skylar for help anymore.
et
Besides, Skylar had made it clear that she was only giving Elsie one chance. At the time, Elsie had lost control of her emotions and acted completely irrationally. 
Now, even after she had calmed down, Elsie knew Skylar wouldn't help her. She had brought this upon herself.
"Hello, I'm from a women's clothing brand. I'd like to discuss a potential collaboration. Is Raven Garrett the person in charge?"
###chapter1634
 
An employee looked at the woman in front of her, who was holding a few pieces of clothing, and asked, "You're a brand representative wanting to collaborate with us? Oh, okay, please wait in this lounge for a moment. I'll go get Ms. Garrett."
The lady employee appeared both surprised and excited.
Elsie wasn't surprised. She had done some research online about Raven's company.
Calling it a company was generous as it was essentially a small studio that sold goods via live streams. Raven had hired one other host, but she still had to host her own live streams at night.
The sales figures weren't great, and they were likely still operating at a loss, struggling to cover operational costs.
The idea of a brand wanting to collaborate with them seemed almost unbelievable.
Raven appeared in less than ten minutes.
"It's you? How did you find this place?" Raven looked surprised to see Elsie but quickly regained her composure.
Elsie gritted her teeth. "Raven, why did you want to harm me? You gave me that negative item, making me believe I was reborn.
"I clung shamelessly to Joe and brought endless trouble upon myself! I didn't even know you before this, and we had no grievances. Why would you do this to me?"
"Harm you? What did I harm you with? I just saw you looking pitiful in the park, tried to cheer you up, and gave you a small gift.
"As for this negative item you're talking about, what even is that? I didn't charge you a penny for the gift, but now I'm the one in the wrong?" Raven retorted with a half-smile, her tone mocking.
She looked entirely unafraid of Elsie.
Elsie's eyes burned red with anger as she glared at Raven.
"Do you think I'll believe your nonsense? You wanted to cheer me up? You just wanted to harm me!
"I've thought this through before coming here. You must have a grudge against Skylar or Joe. Otherwise, why would you use me to disgust the two of them?"
At the mention of a grudge, a shadow crossed Raven's eyes, momentarily masking her deep hatred.
Then, she sneered, "From the start, you wanted to seduce Joe. When you saw how affectionate he was with Skylar, all you could do was cry. Someone as useless as you was never going to accomplish anything big.
"Instead of confronting me, why don't you figure out how to deal with your own mess? If you can't get into Joe's bed, you'll end up in Mr. Rowe's bed anyway."
Elsie's face flushed with rage as she
self
glared at Raven. "You! You! Everyone online says that negative items harm people! They might help fulfi some desires, but they cause misfortune and make people lose their minds! Take back that thing you gave me! And fix the false memories in my head!" 
She was at her breaking point.
She was being tortured day and night by those fake memories until she couldn't tell whether she was dreaming or in reality. The feeling was so overwhelming it was as if she had developed schizophrenia.
Raven smiled. "I already told you I don't know what you're talking about. What negative item? I just gave you a little gift to cheer you up.
"Oh, and that talisman? I casually drew it for fun to make you happy. I treated you like a younger sister, but you're so disrespectful. Don't come looking for me again."
There was no way she would take back the negative item she had given away. She had no time to care whether Elsie lived or died.
Elsie trembled with fury. "You're not admitting it, aren't you? Fine, fine. I hope you won't regret this. I'll go find Skylar right now and tell her you're the one pulling the strings. I'll tell her you gave me those s. I'm sure Skylar will help me. She's not like you!" 
With that, she turned to leave.
Raven's expression changed dramatically. She quickly stepped in front of Elsie to block her path.
Raven's face shifted through several expressions in a short time, and her demeanor suddenly changed from being unsettling to one filled with a sinister tone.
This made Elsie take a step back.
"Blocking me won't work! I may look like an easy target, but I'm telling you, I'm not! I'll make you regret deceiving and using me!" she shouted, attempting to shove Raven aside.
Raven stared intensely at Elsie, then suddenly shifted her expression again.
She said with a bright smile, "I was just kidding earlier. How could I not help you? You really do look so much like my little sister-I've always seen you as family.
"I said those things earlier just to test you. Don't take them to heart.
I
"What I gave you isn't a negative item-it's just something to give you a fleeting, pleasant dream. Who would've thought you'd develop such an obsession with Joe and think you two were destined tovers from a past life? 
"Alright now. You can return it to me."
###chapter1635
 
Elsie stared at the hand reaching toward her and took several steps back.
She no longer believed a single word from Raven. Raven was nothing but a liar!
Moreover, that sudden change of expression-her face-changing moment was utterly unnerving, almost terrifying.
"I don't trust you anymore!" Elsie shouted before shoving Raven aside and running out.
Raven tried to stop her, but Elsie slipped through.
The building was crowded with people, and there was no way Raven could catch up. She didn't expect Elsie to calm down so quickly, seemingly unaffected by the negative item.
Under normal circumstances, Elsie would have trusted her fabricated memories completely, paying no attention to anything others said. Even if she had heard alternative explanations, she wouldn't have easily believed them.
If doubt crept into her mind, another thought would instantly appear, urging her not to trust anyone.
It seemed that Elsie's encounter with Skylar the other day had influenced her somehow.
Raven pursed her lips and took a deep breath. "Well, it's fine. After waiting so long, isn't this exactly what I wanted? To finally meet Skylar?"
It was 5:00 pm, and Skylar was just about to finish her workday when the security guard called her office.
"There's someone here to see you. She says her name is Elsie."
"Tell her I've already left," Skylar replied curtly.
The security hesitated before continuing, "She said she won't leave unless she sees you. She'll wait here as long as it takes, and she mentioned she wants to tell you everything she knows."
Skylar's expression darkened. After a brief pause, she said, "Alright, let her wait."
A few minutes later, Skylar stepped outside the company's entrance and saw Elsie.
She looked pale, her hair tangled and disheveled. Her clothes hadn't been changed in days, with dirt visible on the cuffs and collar.
Her entire demeanor screamed exhaustion and despair.
The moment Elsie saw Skylar, she rushed forward.
"Skylar, I truly know I was wrong! I realize now that I was controlled by the negative item. All those memories of being reborn-they were because of that.
et
"And the person who gave me the negative item was Raven Garrett! I just met her. She had refused to even tell me her name previously But luckily, I recognized her from a video online! She must have a grudge against you. Otherwise, why would she use me?" 
"Did she say anything to you?" Skylar asked.
Elsie was slightly surprised that Skylar didn't seem shocked. "Wait... Do you already know that Raven was behind all this?" Skylar didn't deny it. "Yes."
Elsie laughed bitterly. "So, I really was the only fool in all this! How could I believe in something as ridiculous as that? Why would
?
anyone be kind to a stranger without reason? She refused to admit that the she gave me was cursed, but I could feel her hostility toward you." 
Hostility?
Skylar found this strange. She and Raven had no shared history-they had never crossed paths. How could hatred arise between two strangers?
Elsie hesitated, biting her lip as if struggling with her next words. When she finally spoke, her voice was trembling with desperation.
"Can you help me? Please... I can't take this anymore. This negative item has been tormenting me day and night. I can't stay calm-I'm constantly trapped in delusions. I'm losing my mind!
"Please, I know I was wrong before. I
caused trouble for you and Mr.
Martin. I was arrogant and blind. ignored your warnings. But I've. changed. Please forgive me and help me get rid of this negative item. Please!" 
Through Elsie's tearful plea, Skylar could sense her fear.
It was clear that Elsie had reflected deeply and made an effort to resist the negative item's influence. Without that awareness and resistance, she wouldn't have wanted to break free.
If Elsie still harbored greed in her heart, she would remain under the 's control, endlessly trapped in the illusions it created, unable to distinguish them from reality.
However, Skylar remained silent.
Seeing that, Elsie started crying, her voice filled with anguish.
"It was my fault before, I know! I swear I've learned my lesson. I'll never accept gifts from strangers again, and I won't bother Mr. Martin anymore.
After all that had happened in the past few days, Elsie finally realized that Joe could never love her.
It was so obvious that Joe only had Skylar in his heart. Everyone else was just a supporting role.
She was envious of Joe's deep affection for Skylar. However, she knew better now that she shouldn't have tried to come between them.
The consequences were more than what she could bear.
###chapter1636
 
"Alright, give me the negative item," Skylar finally said, relenting at last.
A few days later, across the street outside the Martin Group building, Raven stood still, gazing at the towering structure in front of her.
The corner of her lips curled into a faint, ambiguous smile, her eyes flickering with cold and bitter memories.
"It's been a long time. You're still living your glamorous lives. Oh, how I've envied you. But how long can you keep smiling? Things aren't the same as they were before. Do you really think your luck will last forever?" she murmured to herself.
Her chest was tight with pent-up resentment, a dark cloud that had been swirling inside her for a very long time.
At the same time, Paul appeared outside the Martin Group building. He glanced across the street and noticed the woman standing there. She had been staring at their building for ten minutes.
Though her face wasn't clear from this distance, something was unsettling about her presence-something inexplicable.
People passing by Martin Group might glance at the impressive building or snap a few pictures out of curiosity, but no one would stand rooted to the spot like this woman.
While his eyesight was good, it wasn't sharp enough to discern her features from this distance.
Suddenly, a thought struck him. He pulled out his phone and discreetly took a photo.
Zooming in, he examined her face. When the image came into focus, his eyes widened in shock. "It's her!"
Skylar stared at the photo on her phone, momentarily lost in thought. What on earth was going on with Raven? Even after Paul and Aiken's investigations, they hadn't uncovered anything concrete about her background. Suddenly, her phone rang—it was an unknown number.
"Hello?" Skylar answered.
е
"I know you've been looking into me. And I assume Elsie has already seen you, right? Let's meet. Maybe I can give you the answers you're looking for Raven said. 
Skylar arched an eyebrow. "Alright."
After ending the call, Raven turned her gaze to the luxurious residential complex before her.
The apartments here were far beyond anything she could afford, even if she worked for years. But Janine lived here.
According to what she had
uncovered, Janine was now living an
enviable life. She had married a
billionaire and was enjoying the
lifestyle of a wealthy socialite. 
UMS
It was truly unbelievable. Why was
the
Janine? They seem to get evet
Pskens so kind to people I
stroke of luck. 
However...
Her lips curled into a cold smile as she lowered her gaze to her phone.
The lock screen displayed a photo of Skylar and Joe, smiling sweetly and warmly for the camera.
Every time Raven saw the picture, her hatred grew deeper, and her resentment became more intense. "The heavens have been far too kind to you two. But your nightmare is about to begin."
###chapter1637
 
"No. Skylar, your nightmare is about to begin."
Raven squinted at the lock screen displaying Skylar's face.
Skylar arrived at the restaurant as agreed and walked directly to where Raven was seated.
Hearing the sound of approaching footsteps, Raven lifted her gaze to meet Skylar's.
Skylar's expression remained indifferent as their eyes met, revealing little emotion.
On the other hand, Raven seemed to harbor a storm of emotions in her eyes. Although her face bore a faint smile, the coldness in her gaze was impossible to hide.
"Hello," Skylar greeted first.
Raven responded immediately, "I didn't think you'd actually come to see me."
Skylar sat down, her gaze falling calmly on Raven. It was clear from their brief exchange that Raven's intentions were far from friendly.
"You carry many negative items on you. When you created these s, did anyone ever warn you about the backlash they might bring upon you?" Skylar remarked, her tone steady.
Her sharp gaze fixed on Raven's brow, where a faint dark shadow seemed to linger.
Those who use cursed s to harm others should always be prepared to suffer the consequences themselves.
Raven smirked, unfazed. "Backlash? What backlash? I think it's you who should be worried. I know a lot about you, Skylar. You were reborn, changed your fate, and altered so many others' lives in the process. How does that feel? Wonderful, I bet?"
It must have felt wonderful.
Skylar had gone from being a failure in her past life to rewriting her destiny and trampling over others to rise to the top-it was hard to imagine Skylar not relishing it.
She probably smiled in her sleep, savoring her success and newfound life.
Raven envied Skylar deeply.
But Skylar's expression didn't change at all, and that surprised Raven.
She didn't expect Skylar to remain so calm and composed, even after being confronted about her being reborn. However, on second thought, it made
sense.
A woman without courage wouldn't have made it this far-certainly couldn't become Joe's wife. These days, most women in Jipsburg were envious of Skylar's life.
"Seven years ago, you first started
dabbling with negative items.
Initially, it was just to attract wealth. But over time, you learned how to create negative items that could make people believe they'd been reborn. That's also how you gained memories that weren't originally yours," Skylar said, her tone even. 
She was scrutinizing Raven's wrist, where a sandalwood bead bracelet rested.
Raven noticed Skylar's gaze, and upon hearing her words, her expression stiffened.
But she quickly composed herself, fingers brushing over the bracelet as she steadied her breathing. Even so, she couldn't suppress her shock.
How could Skylar have guessed so accurately?
Even the most skilled private investigators could not uncover these secrets. They would, at most, uncover surface-level details known to the people around her.
"Who gave you that bracelet back then?" Skylar's tone suddenly sharpened, and her gaze turned piercingly cold as it locked onto Raven.
The intensity of Skylar's aura sent a jolt of fear through Raven's chest.
Taking a deep breath, Raven composed herself again. Years of being married to Joe had clearly left their mark on Skylar. She now had some of his domineering presence. 
IMS
"This ability of mine is innate. Are you scared? After all, a secret you thought only you knew has now been exposed," Raven said, forcing herself to meet Skylar's gaze 
UMS
Skylar studied the bracelet for a few seconds longer before withdrawing her gaze and smiling.
Raven frowned. "What are you smiling about?"
###chapter1638
 
How could Skylar smile at a time like this? What was so funny?
Skylar's lips curled into a faint smile. "Something that didn't make sense to me before suddenly does now."
On her way here, Skylar had been pondering why Raven, who had no apparent connection to her, could know about her past life before she was reborn.
She even speculated whether Maisy might have possessed Raven. After all, scenarios like this were common in novels.
And reading too many stories like that could make one lean toward such explanations.
Otherwise, Raven's situation seemed inexplicable.
But upon seeing the bead bracelet on Raven's wrist, everything clicked.
"What have you figured out?" Raven frowned more deeply, feeling as though Skylar's words were riddles she couldn't untangle.
This meeting was supposed to be under her control, yet somehow Skylar had seized the upper hand.
"That bead bracelet-you didn't buy it, did you? Someone lost it, and you found it," Skylar said, recalling a detail from Raven's background. Raven had traveled abroad seven years ago.
When Skylar looked at the bracelet, she saw glimpses of its origin the process by which Kevin created it.
When Kevin made this bracelet, he had just found out that Skylar was Viola's apprentice.
After calculating her birth chart, he foresaw her rebirth and some of her experiences. And, coincidentally, Kevin lost the bracelet he had created. Raven happened to pick it up.
Because it was cursed, the bracelet carried remnants of Kevin's unresolved emotions and grievances.
At that time, he was consumed by his own confusion and obsessions, frequently crafting negative items. Anyone who picked up this bracelet would inevitably be influenced by it, leading to illusions and fantasies.
However, it seemed that Raven possessed a certain innate sensitivity.
She began experiencing hallucinations and dreams under the bracelet's influence and eventually learned how to craft cursed s herself.
This influence even instilled a growing hatred toward Skylar in her.
"Have you ever wondered why, despite us never meeting before, you've developed such intense hatred toward me?" Skylar's voice was calm, but her words landed like a hammer.
Raven froze. Her body stiffened as if struck by a sudden realization.
"If my guess is correct, you've been plagued by a recurring dream for years now. In this dream, I'm given a second chance to change my fate. "You, on the other hand, can only watch helplessly as I defy destiny, rewrite my story, and rise to power as if trampling you on my path to revenge. "This dream filled you with hatred, pushing you to seek vengeance against me.
"Through the bracelet, you learned how to create negative items that implant false memories. At the same time, the bracelet's influence made you believe you're Maisy."
Skylar's voice was steady, but every word struck Raven with increasing intensity.
For the past two years, Raven had been consumed by the belief that she was Maisy-the fake daughter of the Williams family who had been overthrown in Skylar's quest for revenge.
That belief fueled her hatred, making her desperate to drag Skylar down from her pedestal.
She stared at Skylar in disbelief.
She didn't expect Skylar to unravel everything during their very first meeting. This was supposed to be Raven's chance to confront Skylar from a higher position, but now the tables had completely turned 
UMS
"Are you telling me a story?" Raven pressed her lips tightly together, trying to calm herself and resist being led by Skylar's words.
That was what she kept telling
herself, but her fingers betrayed her as they began fidgeting with the bracelet. The original engravings on the beads had become faint over time, worn down by constanttouch. 
"You know very well if it's just a story. You wear that bracelet every day, letting it control your thoughts and emotions.
"In the past two years, you haven't been able to sleep more than three hours a night, have you?" Skylar asked.
Raven's face went pale with shock. She was speechless.
She had been seeking help from countless doctors in the past two years, but no one could solve her sleep issues. She could barely sleep at night.
Even when she did manage to drift off, she was haunted by endless nightmares. She would be trapped in a world where Skylar existed a world she couldn't escape during these dreams. 
And she would wake up in terror each time.
###chapter1639
 
Skylar's feelings toward Kevin had always been complicated.
She admired his skills but disagreed with many of his methods-he was too extreme, and his actions had harmed many people over the years. Now, years later, his deeds had brought her yet another challenge.
Raven abruptly stood up. "I have things to do. I'm leaving."
She had underestimated Skylar.
She shouldn't have come to meet her so recklessly. She should have waited until Joe regained his memories of her. Then only she would have the right to confront Skylar directly.
Her manipulation of Elsie to get close to Joe was all to make him remember her.
For years, it wasn't only Skylar who occupied her mind-there was also Joe.
Raven had fallen in love with this man unconsciously. The more she read about him online, the more deeply she was drawn in.
That was why she hated Skylar.
The person standing next to Joe should have been her.
She was Maisy.
She had two outstanding brothers who did well in their respective fields, a younger brother, and a mother who had married into a wealthy family.
All she needed was to return to their side, and everything would fall into place.
But first, Skylar the obstacle in her path-had to be removed.
"You're not Maisy. You're just Raven," Skylar said as she stood up, her icy gaze piercing through Raven.
It was as though Skylar could see right through her.
Raven's body trembled violently, and her face turned pale as the blood drained from it.
The bracelet on her wrist seemed to grow hotter.
The memories in her mind clashed and jumbled together, becoming chaotic. Her head throbbed in pain.
Skylar suddenly stepped closer and grabbed the bracelet on Raven's wrist. It made Raven's eyes widened in shock.
The pain in her head intensified, as though the beautiful dream that had been lingering in her mind was being ripped away.
"Skylar, let go of me!" Raven gritted her teeth, trying to shake off Skylar's grip. But Skylar's hand felt heavy and she couldn't break free.
She had lowered her voice so that it didn't attract the attention of other diners in the restaurant.
"Evil deeds come with
consequences. You must have had
a chance to return this bracelet to its rightful owner when you first found it, but you chose to keep it. Now that ut you're being controlled by this negative item, it's just karma," Skylar said coldly. 
Raven's face turned even darker. "What nonsense are you talking about? I don't understand a word you're saying!"
Skylar smirked coldly and released Raven's wrist. She then picked up a napkin and meticulously wiped her palm.
Seeing Skylar's disdainful actions, Raven's face flushed red with anger. "You look down on me, don't you?"
"Every bead on your bracelet is filthy.
When you touch them, there isn'tza single moment when your mind is
focused on kindness. You've become its slave," Skylar replied. 
Skylar wasn't saying this to scare Raven or to exaggerate the situation.
She could handle most negative items, but this bracelet was beyond her ability. The only thing she could do was ensure Raven would no longer have the chance to use it to harm others. 
From now on, the bracelet could only harm Raven herself.
When Raven heard the word slave, her face turned even paler, and the hand that Skylar had grabbed trembled uncontrollably.
Skylar picked up her bag and walked out without looking back.
Raven stood there, stunned, staring at Skylar as she left.
Was it her imagination, or had... She suddenly felt that she wasn't Maisy. She was just Raven.
###chapter1640
 
It was like waking up from a long dream. Raven wondered how she could have believed that she was ever Maisy.
Skylar got into the car as soon as she left the restaurant.
Joe had arrived a few minutes earlier and was waiting for her. Paul was also in the car.
After listening to Skylar recount the situation with Raven, Joe's expression turned cold. "Paul, keep monitoring her every move for the time being." "There's no need for that. I've tampered with the bracelet. She should now realize that she isn't Maisy. She won't come looking for us again," Skylar said.
Paul looked intrigued. "That's wild! So, she's different from Elsie and the others. She really thought she was Maisy?"
"Yes, you could say that."
"Wow! Isn't that like those time-travel novels? By the way, if the bracelet can't be dealt with, what will happen to her in the end?" Paul asked curiously. It wasn't surprising that he had so many questions.
The situation had been strange from the start-someone being reborn and even mistakenly believing that she had been reborn herself.
The whole thing was surreal.
Raven had likely intended to intimidate Skylar today, to take control and catch her off guard after all her careful planning.
But Raven could never have imagined that, instead of succeeding, Skylar would completely expose her secrets.
Joe reached out and held Skylar's hand, interlocking their fingers.
Looking at their entwined hands, Skylar said softly, "Those who harm others will eventually harm themselves. If I'm not mistaken, when she goes for her next checkup, she'll likely be diagnosed with a terminal illness."
Raven sat stiffly in the restaurant for a long time, utterly dazed.
It was as if her mind was out of her control. The memories that had once felt like they were truly hers were now nothing more than fragmented scenes, playing out like a movie in her mind.
And with each passing minute, she became more aware of who she really was.
She also remembered the moment she picked up the bracelet seven years ago.
It had fallen out of an old man's pocket, but he didn't notice it.
The noise around them had been loud enough to drown out the sound of something hitting the ground That was why the old man didn't realize that he had dropped something. 
She had walked over, picked up the bracelet, and was just about to call out to him when a thought flashed through her mind. "This bracelet must be valuable."
When the thought appeared in her mind, she stopped herself from calling out to the old man.
Now, the memory came flooding back, hitting her like a tidal wave.
Raven's face turned increasingly pale.
For the past year, she had been consumed by the belief that she was Maisy. She wanted revenge, wanted to expose Skylar's true nature, and wanted Joe to fall in love with her. 
UMS
She had even experimented with making negative items herself.
At first, she wasn't sure if they would work. Then she began to target people around Skylar whenever she could.
Her encounter with Elsie had been an accident. But her manipulation of Paul had been planned, using his mother as leverage.
Just then, her phone rang, jolting her out of her thoughts. She answered the call in a daze.
"Is this Ms. Raven Garrett? The
results from the tests you took at
our hospital are in. But you haven't come to pick them up yet. Please visit the hospital to discuss them with the doctor-your condition is a bit complicated." 
Tests?
Then, she remembered. Half a month ago, she had been feeling unwell, combined with years of insomnia, and had gone to a private hospital for a checkup.
But she had been so preoccupied with other things that she had completely forgotten about it.
Still disoriented, she left the restaurant, hailed a cab, and headed to the hospital.
A few days later, Skylar joined a team-building activity with her colleagues.
This time, the organizer had chosen an escape room challenge for everyone to enjoy together.
However, to Skylar's surprise, she ran into someone she knew there.
###chapter1641
 
"Elsie?"
Skylar looked in surprise at Elsie, who stood before her dressed in a blood-red costume, her waist-length hair hanging loose and her face heavily powdered in a ghostly makeup look.
Elsie was clearly dressed as a ghost-evidently part of the escape room staff.
Elsie herself didn't expect to run into Skylar again so soon, especially in a situation like this. Thankfully, the thick makeup on her face hid her momentary embarrassment.
"I... I've been working here recently. I just started this job," she explained, breathing a sigh of relief.
Elsie felt a mix of emotions toward Skylar.
So much had happened between them in the past-she'd been confused, almost teetering on the brink of losing her morals, causing Skylar a lot of trouble.
Yet Skylar had still helped her in the end. Because of this, Elsie felt deeply remorseful.
To make things worse, her current ghostly costume was quite frightening.
Skylar smiled and nodded. "I see. Well, I wish you success in your work."
After a brief greeting, Skylar rejoined her colleagues and continued the game.
Seeing Skylar's calm demeanor and her lack of condescension toward her job, Elsie suddenly understood why Joe had loved Skylar and remained unwavering for so many years, no matter how many people tried to tempt him.
In Skylar's eyes, there was no such thing as a lowly or noble job-work was just something to be done with a clear conscience.
At that moment, Elsie felt an unexpected surge of energy-an energy that made her determined to move forward step by step.
Even if she no longer lived the life of a rich young lady in a wealthy family, she could rely on herself. There was no need to sell her body to please Alban or anyone else.
The difficulties at home couldn't be solved by selling herself-it wouldn't address the root of the problem.
et
So, she decided to take life slowly and steadily. Temporary hardships didn't matter-she was still young, and things would get better in the future. 
The challenges she had faced recently felt like an important life lesson-a valuable lesson about how to live with integrity.
...
A few months later, Mona gave birth to a baby girl.
Skylar and Joe had gone to the hospital for a visit.
et
Mona felt that her family was complete now that she had a son and a daughter. Steven held his
Swny
daughter tightly, unwilling to let go. 
Janine was also there in the hospital room, grinning from ear to ear as she watched her granddaughter.
After chatting briefly with Mona, Skylar and Joe left to give her time to rest and recover.
On the way home, Skylar received a phone call from Natalie. In another month or two, Natalie would be giving birth as well.
Seeing the people around her experiencing so much happiness brought Skylar great joy.
Although Charles and Harvey were
still busy with their careers and
uninterested in dating or marriage, everyone seemed to be living
fulfilling and happy lives in their own way. 
As for her and Joe, their future looked bright.
"What are you thinking about?" Joe asked softly.
Skylar leaned into his arms, wrapping her arms around him.
"I was just thinking about how happy I am. Having you by my side in this lifetime makes me feel so lucky," she said.
Joe gently stroked her hair, his voice warm as he said, "I feel the same too."
###chapter1642
 
Another two months passed when Skylar came across some unexpected news about Raven.
The inte was flooded with reports about her.
During a recent live stream, Raven had suddenly fainted, and shortly afterward, one of her studio employees leaked that she had been hospitalized and diagnosed with late-stage pancreatic cancer.
While this wasn't entirely shocking-after all, even public figures were not exempt from life's trials, like illness and death-it was Raven's reaction that stirred controversy.
Apparently, while in the hospital, Raven caused a huge scene, claiming to be Joe's wife and demanding the best doctors to treat her.
Unfortunately for her, her outburst was caught on camera and uploaded online. The clip quickly went viral, with many ridiculing her, saying that her illness had also affected her mind.
People mocked her for trying to attach herself to Joe Martin, the CEO of the Martin Group.
But no matter how skilled a doctor might be, late-stage cancer often offered no hope.
If Raven had come to the hospital six months or even three months earlier, her prognosis might not have been as grim.
That evening, Skylar, Joe, Paul, and Rowan were having dinner together when Paul received a phone call.
Initially, no one paid much attention to Paul taking the call, but his sudden outburst caught everyone's attention.
"You're crazy! If you're sick, just stay in the hospital and get treated. Why on earth should Mr. Martin visit you? And why are you calling me about this? Let me make it very clear-stop dreaming.
"I know exactly who you are! You've been dabbling with negative items, and now they're turning against you, causing you to have delusions. Honestly, if it weren't for the fact that you're a patient, I'd go over and give you a piece of my mind!"
Hearing Paul's rant, Skylar instantly guessed who had called—it must have been Raven.
"Was that the influencer who's been hospitalized for cancer? I heard she's been acting delirious since her hospitalization, claiming to be Joe's wife. "Joe, your charm is really something else look at how you've made the poor woman lose her mind," Rowan said with a smirk.
Joe shot Rowan a cold glare. "Shut up."
Rowan raised an eyebrow and glanced at Skylar. "What, afraid Skylar will get jealous?"
Skylar rolled her eyes at Rowan. No one seemed able to control his sharp tongue these days.
"It's her! I don't know where she got my number, but she called me and demanded Mr. Martin meet her one last time.
"She even claimed that she's the real
ve?
Mrs. Martin! She's completely lost her grip on reality, messing with negative items until they've consumed her!" Paul interjected, clearly exasperated. 
"One last time?" Skylar asked in surprise.
Paul nodded. "Yeah, she sounded really weak. But her words were all over the place one moment she said she was Maisy, the next she claimed to be Raven.
"She kept insisting that no matter the past or present, she had always been Mr. Martin's woman. She even said Mr. Martin would regret it if he didn't see her." 
Paul chose to omit certain parts. For instance, Raven had accused Skylar of being a thief-someone who had stolen her husband and altered her destiny.
Of course, those claims had also spread online.
However, most people ridiculed Raven, accusing her of being delusional for targeting someone like Joe.
He was not only married but had also remained scandal-free for years. Many celebrities had tried to win his favor, only to fail spectacularly.
Some had even faced career-ending consequences for their audacity.
Public opinion concluded that Raven's illness had truly affected her mental state. What might have been a sympathetic situation turned into one where she lost all goodwill due to her own actions. 
"Let's not talk about her anymore," Rowan suggested, sensing the topic was dampening the mood.
"Agreed."
Joe stood up and took Skylar's hand. "Let's go."
As the couple left, Rowan watched them with an exasperated expression. "They're together all the time. Don't they ever get tired of each other?"
...
Six years later...
###chapter1643
 
It was half past three in the afternoon, and children were being dismissed from kindergarten, from the younger to older classes. The kindergarten entrance was bustling with people and lined with parked cars.
After some difficulty, Skylar finally found a parking spot nearby and quickly walked to the kindergarten gate to queue up.
Once there, she realized that she was ten minutes early.
Usually, she and Joe took turns picking up their daughter, although Edgar usually did so.
But this morning, she had promised their daughter, Vivian Martin, that she would leave work early to pick her up today.
Since starting kindergarten, Vivian had made many friends and become more expressive about her thoughts and wants. Thinking about her brought a smile to Skylar's face.
Time passed quickly, and the classes for the youngest children began to dismiss. The teacher led out the adorable little ones one by one.
Having arrived ten minutes early, Skylar was first in line, ensuring Vivian would see her immediately.
However, as she scanned the group, Vivian wasn't among them. Just as she began to wonder why, Vivian's homeroom teacher, Melanie Vaughn, approached her.
"Mrs. Martin, could I trouble you to stay for a bit? Vivian had a conflict with another student, Nadia Becker. We'll need both you and Mrs. Becker to come to the classroom to discuss this."
A conflict?
This didn't sound like just a simple argument between kids.
Skylar's expression darkened slightly, but she nodded and agreed.
As she followed the teacher, she recalled Vivian mentioning Nadia. She was a domineering child who often tried to take things from classmates and would throw tantrums if they refused.
Just yesterday, Nadia's mom had made a haughty remark in the class group chat saying, "Our family does live streaming, so most of Nadia's clothes are gifts from brand sponsors.
"They might not be expensive, but I hope all the parents here can remind their kids not to dirty Nadia's clothes. We'll let today's incident slide, but please be mindful in the future."
Her comment had sparked a lot of sarcastic replies from other parents.
Still, Nadia's mom had a sharp tongue and engaged in back-and-forth arguments with several parents until the teacher stepped in to stop the pointless dispute.
This kindergarten was close to Galaxy Villa, had excellent facilities, and was known for its nurturing environment.
Before long, a woman in her 30s, dressed head-to-toe in designer labels, arrived with an impatient look on her face.
Without hesitation, she started reprimanding the teacher, "Nadia is always so well-behaved and sensible. It must've been someone else's child who bullied her!
"Ms. Vaughn, this matter cannot just
be brushed aside. Otherwise, the other kids will think they can keep bullying Nadia. I insist that her parents apologize to us properly, and Vivian must apologize to Nadia as well!" Content belongs.
on
This was Skylar's first time meeting Nadia's mom.
As soon as the woman approached, a strong wave of perfume assaulted her senses. It made Skylar frown imperceptibly.
She was quite particular about perfumes and occasionally used them, but never in such overwhelming quantities. The intensity of the scent was almost offensive.
"You must be Vivian's mom," Nadia's mom, Carmen Dawson, sneered, sizing her up before launching an attack.
"I don't know how you're raising your child, but your kid is always bullying Nadia. Why don't you take care of her better?"
Carmen was momentarily stunned when she first saw Skylar, then her expression shifted to dissatisfaction.
She had always prided herself on being the most beautiful among all the moms at the kindergarten. But now, seeing Skylar, she felt a pang of resentment.
"She probably had Botox or plastic surgery, right? Otherwise, how could her skin be so flawless, without a single wrinkle, looking even better than most celebrities?" Carmen thought. 
Skylar's face turned cold, her expression completely neutral as she said, "We'll discuss this after understanding what actually happened."
"What's there to find out about? It's
obvious you don't know how to
net
teach your child! I've already said Nadia is the most obedient and well-behaved kid. If there was an argument, it's definitely because of your child!" Carmen snapped. 
She was adamant, unwilling to consider even the possibility that her own child might be at fault.
Skylar decided there was no point in wasting her time on such an unreasonable parent.
It was like talking to a brick wall. Rational logic meant nothing to people like her.
###chapter1644
 
Melanie finally realized the situation. Concerned about the potential impact, she quickly said to Skylar and Carmen, "Mrs. Becker, Mrs. Martin, let's go inside and talk."
After they entered the classroom, they saw the assistant teacher, Wren Webb, and the daycare teacher, Ulva Cox, trying to calm down Vivian and Nadia.
While they were comforting them, Vivian was holding a picture book and looking through it. Though she appeared calm, it was clear that she had been crying earlier.
Her face was flushed, and she sat there looking like a little bundle. Skylar's heart tightened. She knew her daughter all too well.
As for Nadia, when Wren handed her a toy, she immediately threw it aside, visibly annoyed. She kept repeating, "When is Mom coming to pick me up?""
Carmen walked over and said, "Nadia, I'm here!"
At the sound of Carmen's voice, Nadia broke into loud sobs. "Mom!"
Hearing Nadia cry uncontrollably, Vivian let out a deep breath and shook her head. It was hard to believe that Nadia was still crying at this age. Vivian put down her picture book and looked toward her approaching mother. "Mom, I didn't do anything wrong today."
Skylar gently patted Vivian's head. "Tell me about it."
When they were walking toward the classroom, Melanie briefly explained the situation. Several children were playing together, and for some reason, Vivian and Nadia had ended up fighting. Nadia had been crying ever since. 
Since it was already almost time for school to end, Melanie hadn't had the chance to figure out what happened. But it was common for kids to have small conflicts while playing together.
However, since Nadia had been crying so much, they decided to keep both children behind for a while.
"Today I brought some stickers, and while I was playing with the other kids, Nadia didn't even ask me. She just grabbed my stickers and
wouldn't give them back. When
asked for them, she pushed me, so I took them back from her. Then she tried to hit me, so I hit her back," Vivian explained the whole situation clearly. 
She liked all the kids in her class except for Nadia. She was like a spoiled puppy, peeing and pooping everywhere. Skylar understood what had happened and turned to Melanie.
Melanie had just gotten the full story from Wren and Ulva. Before she could speak, Carmen started causing a scene.
Nadia seemed to think crying would solve everything. She didn't speak but clung to Carmen, crying loudly. Upon hearing Carmen defending her and praising her, Nadia immediately shot Vivian a smug look.
Her mother was so powerful, always protecting her no matter what she did.
This expression didn't escape Skylar's attention.
Skylar furrowed her brow, though subtly. She had always thought children of such a young age were innocent and adorable. They were like unique little angels. She never expected to see malice in such young children.
###chapter1645
 
Carmen said, "Ms. Vaughn, Nadia has been crying this whole time. Didn't you see how upset she is? Someone bullied her. Otherwise, she wouldn't be crying so hard.
"I don't care what happened, but I demand an explanation for this today. Both the parent and the child owe us an apology!" Carmen's voice was sharp and unrelenting as if Nadia's tears alone were proof of her victimhood.
Her demeanor screamed entitlement-her child cried, so she was the one who had been wronged.
Melanie, Wren, and Ulva frowned at her words. Skylar spoke calmly, her tone cool and measured. "Let's check the surveillance footage."
"Mom, she always cries when she doesn't get what she wants. She's always bragging about how expensive her clothes and shoes are. And when we accidentally touch them, she demands that we pay her back." Vivian couldn't hold back her frustration any longer.
She could be friends with all the other kids but not Nadia.
Skylar knew Vivian wasn't one to get hurt easily. After all, it seemed she inherited her fighting spirit-from both Skylar and Joe. Joe, in particular, was even better at it.
Anyone who tried to bully Vivian was making a big mistake.
Just then, Ulva brought in the surveillance footage. They had already reviewed it and knew what had happened. She turned to Carmen and said, "Mrs. Becker, the situation is just as Vivian explained. Nadia did take the stickers, so she was in the wrong. We'll send you the footage so you can see yourself."
Hearing Ulva's words, Carmen was momentarily stunned but quickly regained her composure and stubbornly said, "Even if Nadia took the stickers, Vivian shouldn't have snatched them back. She shouldn't have fought with Nadia. The fact that she hit my daughter makes her wrong too. Didn't you see Nadia crying? She's clearly the one who's been wronged."
Melanie, Wren, and Ulva exchanged helpless looks. They had dealt with many children and parents before, but Carmen's unreasonable attitude was a first.
Even after everything was explained clearly, she refused to acknowledge her child's fault and chose to place all the blame on others instead.
If it had been another parent with a worse temper, they might have started a fight with Carmen already. However, Skylar had remained remarkably calm throughout the ordeal.
et
"If your daughter takes someone else's belongings, isn't it only right for the other person to take them back? Does your family's rules say your daughter can hit others, but no one can hit her back? Mrs. Becker, where exactly did you learn such a twisted set of principles?" Skylar finally lost her patience. 
Dealing with someone so unreasonable, who twisted the situation to suit themselves, was exhausting. Some people just didn't know when to back down.
"This is outrageous! It's just stickers. Why are you treating the stickers like treasure? Are you that petty? If you're poor, that's your business, but don't embarrass yourselves in public.
"I could buy every sticker in all of Jipsburg to compensate you, but you will apologize to Nadia today. Otherwise, don't even think about your daughter being allowed to stay in this kindergarten. I know plenty of people in the media. Trust me, I can ensure your family will never be able to show their faces in public again." 
Carmen's frustration boiled over into threats. When she had joined the class group chat, she had done her homework, skimming through the profiles of the other parents.
Skylar rarely spoke in the group chat. Whenever the kindergarten hosted events, most parents would go out of their way to showcase their family's status or abilities, all to impress the school staff and other parents.
However, Skylar never participated in such displays, nor did Joe.
The silence led Carmen to a simple conclusion. Vivian's family probably lacked money and was just barely scraping by to send their child to an elite school like this. If not, Vivian wouldn't care so much about something as trivial as a sticker. 
They couldn't afford better.
Melanie was well aware of Carmen's profession as a social media influencer. Carmen was adept at stirring up drama, so Melanie hesitated, glancing uneasily toward Skylar.
While Melanie had a good sense of the other parents' backgrounds, Skylar remained a mystery. She never posted on Instagram, never joined discussions about school activities, and never gave anyone a glimpse into her personal life.
Melanie assumed Skylar would be intimidated by Carmen's aggression, yet to her surprise, Skylar's expression didn't change in the slightest. She remained as calm as ever.
###chapter1646
 
After hearing Carmen's threats, Skylar's voice turned icy. "If you don't apologize to my daughter today, you won't need to worry about attending this school anymore."
Carmen sneered. "What did you just say? Look at you, no power or connections, yet you're talking big. Let me tell you, the principal of this kindergarten is a close friend of my aunt. All it takes is one word from me to have your kid kicked out."
"Oh? Then let's see you try," Skylar said indifferently.
She crouched down to look at Vivian. "Vivian, Edgar is waiting for you at the school gate. Why don't you go home with him for now?"
"Okay, Mom," Vivian agreed obediently.
Skylar turned to Ulva and asked, "Ms. Cox, could you help take Vivian outside?"
What came next was an issue for the adults. Skylar didn't want Vivian's innocence tainted by witnessing the ugliness of people like Carmen.
But as Ulva led Vivian away, Carmen stormed forward, attempting to block their way. "Leave? You're not going anywhere until you apologize," she declared.
Without a care that she was the adult and Vivian was just a child, Carmen reached out to shove her. Skylar swiftly grabbed Carmen's hand, and her expression darkened.
Carmen tried to pull her hand free but failed. "You-!"
"Ms. Vaughn, could you please call the principal? I'd like her to personally inform Mrs. Martin that she and her child are no longer welcome here. I don't want Nadia's classmates to include some broke loser! Making such a big deal over some stickers-it's like she's gone mad from being poor." Just then, the principal, Elvira Clem, arrived. Concerned by how the situation was escalating, Melanie had messaged Elvira for help. Though Melanie understood that Carmen was being completely unreasonable, she also knew that Carmen did indeed have ties to Elvira.
This relationship made it hard to openly confront her, despite her clear misconduct. The teachers liked Vivian and didn't want her to leave the school. After assessing the situation, Elvira spoke firmly, showing no leniency toward Carmen. "I've reviewed what happened, Mrs. Becker. The fault lies with Nadia, not Vivian."
Skylar raised an eyebrow in surprise. She hadn't expected such a direct response.
However, Carmen was utterly
shocked. She stared at Elvira in disbelief. "Mrs. Rehbein, how can this be Nadia's fault? It's all because Vivian overreacted. If she hadn't made such a big deal out of this, things wouldn't have escalated. Just look at how upset Nadia is-she's crying her heart out." 
By now, Nadia had mostly stopped crying, though she continued sniffling quietly.
Elvira frowned and turned to Skylar.
"Mrs. Martin, I assure you I'll give you a satisfactory resolution to this matter. I'm fully aware of who's at
fault here. I apologize for the trouble this has caused you." 
Elvira's stance shocked Carmen. Her eyes widened in disbelief. Even the three teachers looked surprised, as it became clear that Elvira was more concerned about upsetting Skylar than appeasing Carmen.
Skylar nodded calmly. "Okay."
She glanced at the watch. "I'll be leaving now."
After Skylar left, Elvira turned to Carmen. "Mrs. Becker, please come to my office."
Though Carmen was furious, she had no choice but to follow. Once inside the office, her frustration boiled over.
She said, "Mrs. Rehbein, they need to
apologize to me and Nadia. If they don't, I take this to the media and expose them. The only reason haven't done it yet is because of my aunt's connection to you." 
###chapter1647
 
Carmen's tone made it clear-she was only holding back from making a bigger fuss because she knew Elvira.
She was doing Elvira and her aunt a favor by not escalating things further. Otherwise, there was no way Skylar would have walked out so easily just
now.
Carmen had already mapped out her strategy to escalate this situation dramatically. She could even use this to generate some publicity for herself. With a scandal like this, she could attract attention, build momentum, and maybe make a fortune this year.
Elvira frowned deeply at her statement. "This has nothing to do with who knows me. This issue, while it involves children, is a matter of right and wrong. If you, as a parent, cannot recognize the problem, then I'm afraid our kindergarten can no longer accommodate Nadia," Elvira said firmly. Carmen looked shocked, her disbelief evident. "Mrs. Rehbein, what are you saying? Are you asking Nadia to leave? We didn't do anything wrong. Why should we be the ones leaving?"
"Let's stop pretending Nadia did nothing wrong, Mrs. Becker. You know the situation well. This isn't the first time Nadia has taken something from another child. Other parents have already come to us several times about this issue. On top of that, she often initiates fights with other kids.
"If you don't see that as wrong, then what do you consider wrong?" Elvira's tone remained professional, but the strain of her patience was evident.
If it were any other parents or someone whose child had been bullied by Nadia, they might not have stayed as composed as Skylar. Many would have been eager to confront Carmen in an explosive argument.
Carmen snapped back, unable to sit still any longer. "I don't think Nadia is at fault at all. Those parents are too petty! They should be teaching their kids to be kind and share.
"Why can't they just give Nadia what she wants? They're isolating her on purpose. If she took their things, it's because they deserved it. And if she hit them, well, maybe they needed to be taught a lesson."
Elvira's temples throbbed with frustration. In over two decades of working in education, she had never encountered a parent so utterly unreasonable. "It seems there's no point in continuing this conversation. Nadia doesn't need to come to the kindergarten tomorrow. Also, there's something I hadn't planned on saying, but out of respect for your aunt, I'll mention it. You've said you want to escalate the situation and make a scene. If you do, the kindergarten won't be affected, and neither will Mrs. Martin. The only person who will face any consequences is you," Elvira said.
The warning in Elvira's voice was unmistakable. Anyone with the slightest bit of awareness would have heeded it.
But Carmen, stubborn as ever, clearly didn't grasp the gravity of Elvira's words. She failed to realize just how unwise it would be to provoke someone like Skylar.
"Only I'll be affected? Mrs. Rehbein, don't you think you're underestimating me? I won't let this go so easily. Just wait-I'll make Mrs. Martin apologize to me."
With that, she slammed the door on her way out.
Elvira shook her head as the sound of the door slamming echoed. "Apologize? What a ridiculous fantasy. How can there be such
stark difference between Ret
Mrs, Martin is such an
accomplished person, yet she's always kind to others and never flaunts anything. It's truly..." 
She let out a weary sigh, the situation weighing heavily on her.
By the time Skylar arrived home, it was 20 minutes after Vivian had already returned.
Skylar had been caught in the chaos of rush hour traffic on her way back from the kindergarten. Roads were packed with cars, and sidewalks- teemed with people. But when she walked through the door, she was greeted by a heartwarming sight. 
Joe was sitting on the living room floor with Vivian, the two engrossed in a game together.
Vivian had always been a bright and cheerful child. Any unhappiness she experienced seemed to vanish in the blink of an eye. It was clear she had already forgotten the argument at kindergarten. 
"Mom's home!" Vivian called out sweetly the moment she spotted her.
Joe looked over as well, their gazes meeting briefly.
Skylar swept Vivian up into a warm hug. "Guess what, Vivian? On my way home, your Uncle Harvey called. He said he wanted to take you to the amusement park. Would you like to go?"
Harvey adored Vivian and took every opportunity to spend time with her. Whenever Skylar and Joe were tied up with work, Vivian always looked forward to being with Harvey.
###chapter1648
 
Sometimes, Steven's children liked spending time with Harvey as well. Together, all the toys in their homes couldn't compare to what Harvey had in
his.
His house was a child's paradise, with two guest rooms transformed into playrooms packed with games, toys, and activities. It was no wonder the kids adored him—he was practically their king of fun.
Vivian's excitement was palpable. She didn't even hesitate before responding, "Yes! I want to go! I miss Uncle Harvey so much.
Afterward, she played with Joe and Skylar for a while longer. They had dinner together, played again, and ended the evening by reading her favorite picture book. Once Vivian was tucked in bed, Joe and Skylar returned to their bedroom.
"Did Nadia's mother give you a hard time?" Joe's affectionate demeanor had vanished, replaced with the icy seriousness of a man used to wielding authority.
His family had been disrespected, and that was something he wouldn't let slide.
Skylar nodded lightly. "A rare breed of unreasonable parent."
"I'll take care of it," Joe said firmly.
Skylar agreed without argument. She had a major project occupying her time and no patience for dealing with a parent who clearly lacked a moral compass. Picking up her phone, she scrolled through the class group chat.
There weren't any updates from the teacher, but Carmen had made her presence known with dramatic flair.
In the group chat, Carmen started to threaten her. "Mrs. Martin, if you don't address today's situation and apologize to me and Nadia, I won't let this go!"
This message had been sent 30 minutes earlier. Skylar rarely checked her phone when spending time with Vivian unless it was a work call. It was the only reason she had missed the message earlier.
Joe's expression darkened as he read over her shoulder. "Quite the bold tone."
Skylar sighed lightly. "Ms. Vaughn told me earlier that Mrs. Rehbein has already decided to expel Nadia. But it doesn't look like they plan to back down."
At their age, in their 30s, Skylar and
Joe had seen more than their fair
share of human behavior. As
et
parents themselves, they rarely let trivial drama affect them. And empty threats like this certainly didn't warrant more than a passing glance. 
Nadia's father, Sigmund Becker said, "I'm Nadia's father. I just got home from work and heard about what happened. My wife and I have the same opinion on this matter.

Vivian's parents need to apologize to us and Vivian must apologize to our daughter as well. 
"I've also learned that Mrs. Rehbein has expelled our child. It wasn't Nadia's fault, so why should she be expelled? This matter is far from over, and we will not back down on this school issue.
Sigmund tagged everyone in the group, ensuring no one would miss his message. His tone mirrored Carmen's almost exactly he was making sure no one missed the fact that they were a married couple.
Joe's eyes narrowed slightly as he read the message.
Skylar smiled lightly, brushing off the matter."It's getting late, let's go to bed."
There was no need to respond to such people, nor to give them any attention. And indeed, she was right.
Before anyone could reply, the teacher had already uploaded a video in the group chat. It was a clear, high-definition recording of the altercation between Vivian and Nadia earlier that day.
The group chat exploded with activity.
Several parents began tagging Carmen and Sigmund, their messages filled with condemnation.
"If I were you, I wouldn't have the
nerve to speak in this group. I would've left the chat by now. Blanche came home saying that
Nadia always takes things
others and even hits people.
have been several occasions when
she hit our little one, Blanche." 
###chapter1649
 
One parent commented angrily, "My son, Shaun, also said he doesn't like Nadia. Nadia always pushes him around. I didn't want to bring it up in the group before, and I never thought of contacting the parents directly. I communicated with the teacher instead, but I didn't expect your daughter to still have not improved at all."
Another parent joined in, "What is there to improve? Didn't you see that her parents don't even think they've done anything wrong?"
"My child has also been bullied by Nadia. At first, I thought it was just typical kids' play, so I didn't take it seriously. But recently, my daughter keeps saying that Nadia is always snatching things from her. It seems that her parents don't even care, and they're even encouraging it!
"It's outrageous! If Nadia is expelled, that would be the best. Why is it that their child is treated like royalty, while everyone else's kid is like dirt, just there to be bullied?"
Another message came up, "Their child bullies others, and now the parents bully others too! Do they want Vivian's mom to apologize? How shameless can they be? My son also told me that they don't like Nadia, because she's always hitting people and stealing things. If she can't get what she wants, she cries, and then they can't even enjoy their games properly."
"My child said the same."
The parents of almost all the kids in the class chimed in, collectively condemning Carmen and Sigmund.
Sigmund responded, "What do children even know? Nadia is the youngest in the class. Your kids are all older than hers shouldn't they be protecting her?"
Carmen also chimed in, "You can't trust what the kids say! Your children are probably just jealous of Nadia. She's so pretty, smart, sings well, and dances beautifully. How many kids can compare to her?"
The couple's remarks were so ridiculous that it left everyone stunned.
Soon, the criticism intensified, and the couple was left with no choice but to quietly leave the group.
Skylar couldn't help but chuckle lightly. "I originally thought they were just overindulging their child and had a twisted sense of values. Turns out, they're not just misguided-they're outright clueless. They've managed to offend practically everyone in one go. Surely, they'll pull their child out of school now."
However, Joe saw through their type with ease. "They won't. People like that won't change unless there's some real consequence."
People like that always shifted the blame onto others. They were bound to cause trouble again.
That was why it had been important to deal with them thoroughly, so they wouldn't dare stir up any more drama.
Skylar hadn't wanted to waste her energy on such nonsense. It hadn't been worth her time.
Setting her phone aside, she let out a yawn and decided to call it a night.
Joe watched Skylar with a soft expression. He knew how much work she had been doing lately. She was exhausted.
After ensuring that Skylar was sound asleep, Joe quietly left the room and made his way downstairs.
His phone buzzed with a WhatsApp message from Paul.
"Mr. Martin, they've contacted several media outlets. They're planning to go to the kindergarten on Monday and cause a scene, hoping to ruin your reputation, and
force your daughter out of th
school." Content belongs 
S
The darkness in Joe's eyes was deeper than the night around him. He typed a quick reply, "Take care of it."
"Got it!"
The next morning, Skylar dropped off Vivian at Harvey's house before heading to the office for a long day of work. She had a batch of newly uncovered antiques that required her attention, leaving her with little time to rest. 
Meanwhile, Joe had arranged to play golf with a few friends, so Skylar had completely forgotten about the
events at the kindergarten the
previous day. 
Thanks to it being Saturday, traffic was light. The usual rush hour had already passed, and the roads were clear.
She arrived at Gardner Group just in time when she received a call from Wendy.
"Skylar, do you have time in the next couple of days? I'd love to grab a bite with you."
It had been a while since they last saw each other.
"I'm available tonight, though I'm not sure of the exact time. Once I'm done with work, I'll give you a heads-up an hour before."
"Perfect!"
...
Wendy stood by the floor-to-ceiling windows, looking a bit lost in thought.
Her assistant, Joan Cooke, arrived, handing her a document.
###chapter1650
 
Joan said as she handed it to Wendy, "Ms. Specter, here's the document from the planning department."
Wendy shook off her thoughts and sat back in her chair. "Let me take a look."
Recently, the company had been focused on one major project, and as the manager of the entire department, Wendy had been working overtime.
As Joan was about to leave, she looked up at her and said, "Tell everyone that once we finish the project, I'll apply for a bonus and give everyone an extra day off."
Hearing Wendy's words, Joan's eyes lit up. "You're the best, Ms. Specter."
Wendy smiled. "Go on, then."
Once Joan left, Wendy was about to open the document when something crossed her mind. She glanced down at her flat stomach and pressed her lips together.
Her thoughts then drifted to the scene she had seen yesterday-Aiken entering a restaurant with a famous actress. She sighed deeply.
Shaking off the distraction, she turned her attention back to the document. Work was probably the only thing that could numb her emotions and help her regain focus.
During lunch break, Joan came in to ask, "What would you like for lunch?"
Wendy wasn't very hungry and was about to turn her down, but then she remembered something. "I remember you once ordered some pasta for me. They were really good."
"Got it. I'll order it now."
Wendy didn't have much time for a proper lunch break these days. And with food delivery being so convenient these days, she usually just ordered in. A few minutes later, Joan returned. "Someone wants to see you, Ms. Specter."
Still focused on the document, Wendy didn't immediately look up. She asked, "Who is it?"
It was unusual for someone to ask to meet with her on the weekend. Normally, she only met with business associates during office hours.
Joan said, "I know her. She's a celebrity, who just starred in a web drama. Her name is Zera Schultz."
Their company didn't typically work with the entertainment industry, so it was odd that a celebrity would come to see Wendy. Joan was equally curious and puzzled. 
Wendy's head snapped up when she heard the name Zera.
Joan noticed her sudden shift in expression but was unsure of the cause. "Ms. Specter, are you feeling unwell?"
"No, I'm fine. Let her in," Wendy replied, her voice flat, and she turned her gaze back to the paperwork in front of her.
A few minutes later, Joan escorted Zera into the office.
Upon entering, Zera took a glance around Wendy's office. It was quite impressive. After the door closed behind her, she stared directly at Wendy. Though Wendy was a few years older, she looked only slightly more composed and mature. It was hard to tell she was much older at all.
"You might not know me, but I know you. I know you're Aiken's girlfriend," Zera began, her gaze fixed.
Wendy studied the young and vibrant Zera in front of her.
Perhaps it was Wendy's cunning, after learning that Zera had been seen around Aiken, Wendy had looked into her.
"If you have something to say, just get to the point," Wendy asked, her voice sharp and steady.
Zera wasn't fazed. "Looks like you
already know who I am. I'm sure someone as clever as you can understand why I'm here. It's simple. I want you to leave Aiken. He doesn't love you anymore. 
"You two have been together for so long, and yet, you've never gotten married. Have you ever wondered why that is? There's no love left between you two." 
Wendy felt a sharp pain in her chest, like a needle piercing her heart. She gripped the pen in her hand tightly, her fingers white from the pressure.
###chapter1651
 
"So?" Wendy asked, her expression remaining neutral.
Perhaps the past few days had numbed her, the pain and confusion dulling her senses.
"So, you should leave Aiken with dignity. Look, this is the diamond necklace he gave me. He bought it at an auction for 50 million dollars, and there isn't another one like it in the country. Doesn't that prove his love for me?
"Our love is mutual. I accidentally learned about some of your past. I know you were with several people during high school. While I sympathize with what happened to you, honestly...
"I think men are practical. They say they don't care about things like that because you were a victim. But deep down, they always do. But I'm different. I'm a clean slate, and I followed him. He's willing to invest in me, and I'll be loyal to him-physically and mentally."
Zera spoke without any courtesy, and she didn't feel the need to be polite. If she didn't make herself clear, Wendy would likely keep clinging to Aiken, despite the lack of emotion between them.
After all, she had been by his side for years. Even though the relationship had lost its spark, it was hard to let go after so many years of companionship.
But Zera wasn't one to tolerate interference. She wasn't going to allow Wendy to continue holding on to Aiken.
Wendy's face was pale. Maybe it was from the late nights, the endless work, or perhaps... something more. She glanced down at her abdomen, adjusting her clothes slightly as if the tightness might ward off the cold. "Get out," Wendy said, her voice low and even.
But it carried weight, as though her words were pulling the air from the room.
Zera frowned. Despite laying it all out so plainly, Wendy remained silent. She wondered if Wendy was going to keep clinging to a man who no longer cared for her. That was just pathetic.
"Do you think I want to be here? I'm just here to say what Aiken couldn't. Do you really want to make this situation even worse?" Zera snapped, frustration in her tone.
Wendy looked at Zera and said, "If he loves you that much, then get him to come here and say it to my face."
She wanted closure. She needed him to personally end the chapter on this one-sided relationship.
Zera furrowed her brows, her tone
?
turning sharper. "I know you and Aiken's sister are close, so he's never dared to break up with you But can't you just take the hint? Why do you have to use his sister to threaten him? A love that's forced is no different than one that's begged for." 
Wendy's patience was wearing thin. Without another word, she signaled to Joan. "Escort her out."
Zera was a rising star in the public eye, and her popularity had been growing. Seeing someone else enter, she stopped bothering with Wendy.
A smirk crossed her face. She understood why Wendy hesitated. Any woman who had met Aiken would be completely captivated by him.
And after marrying him, it was easy to imagine how high she could rise. Zera could already foresee that in eight to ten years, she might be standing at the top, holding an Oscar for best actress.
As for Wendy...
She believed Wendy wouldn't be shameless enough to keep pursuing Aiken. After all, Wendy had been with him for so many years and was still working.
It showed she was a woman who wanted her own career, and her pride as a woman wouldn't let her hang on forever.
After leaving with Joan, Zera got into her car.
Once inside, she opened her
net
WhatsApp and found Wendy's contact. It had been added a few days ago, but there had been no messages exchanged until now This was the perfect moment to stir things up. 
Zera sent Wendy several pictures of herself with Aiken, pictures from their dates going to the movies, walking along the beach, hiking, and eating together. Normal everyday moments, but to anyone looking at them, it was obvious that Aiken had her in his heart. 
They looked like the perfect couple.
After sending the photos, Zera smirked again. "Wendy, what do you have that can compare to me?"
###chapter1652
 
After Zera left, Wendy refocused on her work. However, her face was even paler than before.
Shortly after, her phone kept lighting up with new message notifications. She unlocked it to check.
What greeted her were photos of Aiken and Zera together on their dates. One after another, the photos painted the unmistakable picture of a blossoming romance-moments of intimacy and connection between them.
Suddenly, a memory surfaced in Wendy's mind. Though she and Aiken had been together for years, they had hardly ever taken pictures together. Aiken had always claimed he disliked being photographed, so she never pushed for it.
But in recent months, their relationship had grown increasingly distant. They both seemed busy, and days would pass without even a single phone call. Aiken rarely reached out to her anymore.
It wasn't because he was too busy to call her. It was because he no longer cared enough to.
Wendy realized now that the principles Aiken had once claimed to hold so dearly were apparently flexible depending on the person.
She drew in a deep breath and closed her eyes, setting her phone aside.
It took her a long time to calm the turmoil within her. When she opened her eyes again, there was no trace of pain or struggle. She redirected her focus to her tasks, immersing herself in work to block out everything else.
A few hours later, Wendy sat at a small, cozy music bistro. The soft tunes playing in the background gave the place an intimate, peaceful atmosphere. It was nothing like the loud and crowded bars she typically avoided. This was one of Wendy's favorite spots to unwind.
However, she couldn't drink, and neither could Skylar, who was driving. So she ordered two cups of chamomile tea, some pastries, and a few small snacks.
On their way here, Skylar had mentioned she had already eaten earlier and couldn't stomach a full dinner. Wendy didn't have much of an appetite either.
The location, by the window, offered
a perfect view of the passersby outside Wendy had called ahead to the owner to reserve this spot. It was quiet, private, and just what she needed. 
Wendy arrived first.
After sitting down, she gazed out the window, lost in thought. She tried to clear her mind, but the photos she had seen earlier in the day kept echoing in her mind.
Each image was vividly etched in her memory, even though she had only looked at them once.
They showed a side of Aiken she had never known in all their years together. The contrast stung, mocking her for how na?ve and self-indulgent she had been.
When Skylar arrived, the first thing
she noticed was Wendy. She paused for a few seconds, standing still as she took in the sight of Wendy gazing absently out the window. The air around her carried an
unmistakable weight, making her low spirits almost palpable. 
"I picked up some roast chicken on the way. This place always has a line out the door. A coworker swears it's the best thing ever. Want to try some?"
Wendy snapped out of her thoughts and looked up at Skylar.
To Wendy, Skylar was more than a friend. She was like an older sister who had helped her through difficult times. Over the years, whenever Wendy felt lost or overwhelmed by life's uncertainties, she instinctively sought out Skylar. 
Unknowingly, Skylar had become more than a friend-she was family.
The scent of the food wasn't overpowering, but it was just enough to pique Wendy's appetite.
"That must be the same place I've lined up before. I've picked some up after work a few times," Wendy replied.
Skylar chuckled. "Looks like we have the same taste in food."
###chapter1653
 
Perhaps it was seeing Skylar that made Wendy feel a bit more appetite. The roast chicken was just what she needed, and paired with the freshly delivered pastries, it was the perfect combination.
After eating, she felt a noticeable lift in her mood.
"I heard from Simona that you've been busy lately," Wendy remarked casually.
Skylar nodded. "There was a batch of antiques I had to deal with, but I still made time for dinner with you. It's been a while, and I really wanted to catch up."
Even in the dim lighting of the small bistro, Skylar could tell Wendy had lost some weight. Her complexion looked pale and slightly fatigued. Even without Wendy saying a word, Skylar could sense that something was off with her.
"I've been wanting to talk to you too. Work has been crazy lately. I've been on a project that required overtime almost every day. I'm glad we could both carve out time tonight."
Her eyes grew misty as she spoke, betraying her exhaustion and frustration. For a moment, she didn't know what to do.
There were things she knew she couldn't confide in Skylar or Simona. Some issues had to be faced and resolved on her own.
"Have you not been getting enough rest these past few days?" Skylar asked.
Wendy gave a small laugh, brushing it off lightly. "I've been pushing hard for the project bonus, so I've been putting in extra hours. Once it's over, I'll get some rest.
"Oh, and I almost forgot-I went to a mall the other day during lunch break and saw this toy. They say it's something kids like. Please give it to Vivian for me. It's been so long since I saw her, and I really miss her."
Wendy had always liked children, especially Vivian. The little one was so soft and adorable, and she could always make Wendy feel better.
No matter what troubles she had, everything seemed to disappear when she was around Vivian.
"Vivian will love it. I'll be sure to thank you on her behalf," Skylar replied, accepting the toy.
The two continued to chat for a while longer, and time passed by quickly.
Wendy glanced at the clock. "Skylar, it's already past ten. We should head out."
"Alright," Skylar agreed.
Skylar and Wendy stepped out of the bistro, and as they were about to part ways, Skylar turned to Wendy and asked seriously, "Is something bothering you? If anything's wrong, you know you can talk to me."
Skylar had family to rely on, but she knew Wendy didn't have that luxury. Right now, the only one with her
these days was Aiken, but he was e
often busy, leaving little time t
had been chatting with Skylar during dinner, Skylar could tell something was off. 
spend with her. Even though
Wendy wasn't in a good state.
But even now, as they were about to head home, Wendy hadn't said anything.
Wendy hesitated for a moment, then smiled and shook her head. "There's nothing wrong. It's just that work has been a bit overwhelming lately. Once I'm done with these few busy days, I'll request some time off and take a long break, maybe even go on a vacation." 
"That's good to hear. Take care of yourself, and if you need anything, don't hesitate to reach out to me," Skylar replied, feeling at ease.
On the way home, Skylar kept thinking about Wendy's strange demeanor and began to worry. She decided to call Aiken.
However, it wasn't Aiken who
answered the phone. Instead, a woman picked up, her voice sweet as she said, "Hello, Aiken's phone is with me. If you need to reach him urgently, you can contact his assistant, or wait for him to return. l'bbe sure to pass along the message." 
When the woman mentioned Aiken's name, the tone in her voice was filled with affection. It was clear to anyone that their relationship was more than just casual.
It was late, nearly 11:00 pm, and yet this woman had Aiken's phone. Everyone knew that a phone was a personal item, and while people might leave behind many things, they always kept their phones on them.
Skylar was suddenly taken aback.
She wondered if Wendy's mood had something to do with this woman. Perhaps things weren't going well between her and Aiken.
###chapter1654
 
Zera said, "Hello?"
"It's nothing," Skylar said quickly and hung up the phone.
On the other end, Zera blinked at the phone that had just been disconnected.
The call had been from Skylar. That name sounded familiar to her.
She suddenly realized that Skylar was Charles' sister, the wife of Joe Martin, the CEO of Martin Group. Then she wondered what Skylar would want with Aiken.
As she was still pondering this, Aiken returned from the bathroom. He had just gone to the restroom and didn't take his phone with him.
Today, he had accompanied her to watch a movie. After the movie, they stayed in the lobby to relax for a while. While Aiken was in the restroom, she was scrolling through reviews on a fan platform.
The movie was one in which Charles starred, and Zera played the third supporting female role. She didn't have much screen time, but she believed she had put in the effort and performed well.
However, to her frustration, most of the comments online were about Charles and the female lead.
After scrolling through a bunch of comments, she finally found one that mentioned her, but the comment criticized her performance, saying she didn't convey the character's emotions well.
She was furious. She thought to herself, "This person must be a hater! They can't stand how popular I've become this year, so they're purposely trying to bring me down!"
Just then, Aiken's phone rang. At first, she didn't know who it was, thinking it might be Wendy. But when she realized it was Skylar, she felt relieved.
"I took a call for you earlier. I wasn't sure if it was urgent, so I answered it. She said it was nothing important. It was Skylar who called," she told Aiken. As soon as Aiken heard Skylar's name, he immediately took the phone from her.
"Are you mad that I took your call? I didn't think about it at the time. I'm sorry, I won't do it again," Zera apologized sweetly.
Aiken's expression softened. "It's fine. Let's go."
After they got into the car, Aiken asked the driver, Wilbur Dickinson, to take Zera home first.
After hearing Aiken's instructions,
Simona felt a little uneasy, her chest
heavy with discomfort. She
wondered why he didn't want her to
come to his place, especially since it was already so late. 
However, she understood that some things couldn't be forced. Then, she noticed Aiken making a phone call. It was probably to Skylar.
"I was busy earlier," Aiken said as soon as the call was connected.
Zera was a bit surprised. She had never heard Aiken mention knowing Skylar, but the tone of his voice clearly indicated that they were well- acquainted.
et
Skylar, who was driving, spoke on the other end I met with Wendy about half an hour ago. She didn't look too well—maybe she's been overwhelmed with work lately. Aiken, are you planning to break up with Wendy? Or have you already?" 
Suddenly, everything made sense to Skylar. She understood why Wendy seemed so troubled earlier like she had something weighing on her mind.
Aiken paused for a moment, his mind blank as he processed her words. After a few seconds, he replied, "We've had some issues, but I'll handle it. Don't worry, I won't let her get hurt." 
"Alright, I've just arrived home. I'll hang up now," Skylar said, understanding that the conversation couldn't continue much longer. Everyone had their own temptations and choices to face.
What Skylar hadn't expected was for Aiken to take this step. She just hoped that whatever decision he made, he wouldn't regret it later.
###chapter1655
 
Zera felt uneasy as she asked, "Was it something important?"
Seeing Aiken's suddenly cold expression, she regretted her earlier actions. She should have been less eager when answering the phone.
She should have waited to confirm who was calling before deciding whether or not to answer. Now, she feared that Aiken might think she was being inconsiderate.
"It's nothing," Aiken replied coldly.
Then he fell silent. When he didn't speak and wore a serious expression, it was impossible not to feel intimidated.
No one would have dared to make a sound in that circumstance.
Zera bit her lower lip. Although she was full of questions, she didn't dare to ask. She knew very well that this wasn't the time to talk.
Soon, they arrived at her apartment complex. After parking, she glanced at Aiken, who was resting with his eyes closed. "I'm home now. Be sure to get plenty of rest tonight. Take care of yourself, okay?"
She waited for his response. Fortunately, Aiken gave a faint hum in reply.
She felt relieved and got out of the car.
A few minutes later, Aiken opened his eyes and said to Wilbur, "Go to Wendy's house."
Wilbur immediately acknowledged him with a nod.
Although he had a million questions, he dared not ask a single one. He simply thought this was just how all men were. If he were in Aiken's position, he probably wouldn't even know how many women he would have secretly kept around.
Over the years, he had been with Wendy most of the time, and only recently had he been involved with a young celebrity. He had been quite restrained in comparison.
Now it seemed that, although Zera was pretty and young, she wasn't as skilled at handling him as Wendy was. Otherwise, Wendy wouldn't have been able to stay by his side for so many years.
Back when there was no Wendy, Aiken was always switching between women.
The evening traffic was smooth, with very few cars. It didn't take long before they arrived at Wendy's place.
Aiken often stayed over at Wendy's place, so he had his fingerprint registered in her electronic lock. He pressed his finger to the sensor and walked right in.
The lights in the room were all on, but Wendy wasn't in the living room. As Aiken made his way toward the bedroom, he heard sounds coming from the bathroom. It seemed she had just returned home and was taking a shower. 
The sound of the water was so loud that it drowned out the sound of him unlocking the door.
He walked back to the living room and sat down on the couch, taking out a cigarette and lighting it. He slowly took a drag.
Wendy took her time in the
bathroom, staying in there for at least half an hour. Soon, Aiken heard the sound of a hairdryer. As he.
listened to the hum of the drool ne
realized it had been a while since he
last visited. 
S
It seemed like Wendy had redecorated. There were fewer things around, and even the potted plant they had bought together from a flower shop appeared to have been discarded.
Aiken's thoughts wandered, his mind feeling distant.
Once Wendy finished drying her hair,
she stepped out of the bathroom.
She had intended to turn off the
et
lights in the living room, but as she reached for the switch, she was surprised to see Aiken sitting on the cotch. 
She pulled her hand back from the switch and asked in a neutral tone, "You... Why are you here?"
Perhaps it was because they hadn't seen each other in a while, or because he had a new love interest, and she had recently met his new partner. She could no longer act the way she once had around him.
Hearing how indifferent Wendy sounded, Aiken furrowed his brows. "I haven't seen you for some time, so I thought I'd come by and check on you." Wendy's voice remained indifferent. "I've been busy with work lately, and I know you've been busy too."
###chapter1656
 
Wendy really wanted to ask Aiken why he hadn't told her he had fallen for someone else, but she knew it wasn't in her nature to question him like that. Besides, their relationship now...
Her friends all knew she was Aiken's girlfriend, but others didn't understand the situation. In Aiken's mind, she was probably just an afterthought, especially over the past six months, when their bond had slowly unraveled.
She wasn't even sure when it had started, but they used to see each other several times a week. Then, three months ago, on Simona's birthday, they both got drunk and ended up sleeping together.
Aiken hadn't reached out to her since.
It was just that one time, and they hadn't used protection. Afterward, Wendy had been too busy and had forgotten to get the morning-after pill. "Why didn't you finish drying your hair?" Aiken stood up and walked toward her. Wendy took a step back.
With each step Aiken took, her mind wandered back to Zera's words. She couldn't shake the thought that maybe, during their moments of intimacy, Aiken had grown disgusted with her. Perhaps, all this time, he had only ever pitied her.
She laughed bitterly at herself before looking at Aiken and saying, "I didn't have the patience to finish drying it. Did you need something?"
She stared at him, trying to read his intentions. Suddenly, she found herself wondering if he had come here to declare that they were over. He must have doted on Zera and didn't want to hurt her.
Aiken sensed Wendy's cool demeanor and frowned. "Is it my fault that we haven't seen each other lately?"
"No, I know you've been busy." Wendy turned and walked toward the bedroom.
She didn't know how to face him anymore. She knew their relationship was over and couldn't go back to what it had been. Still, she couldn't help but hope that Aiken would tell her he had no relationship with Zera, that he still loved her, and that he wanted to marry her.
But as Aiken stepped into the bedroom ahead of her and wrapped his arms around her, her body stiffened instantly.
Her tone turned rigid as well. "I'm on my period, and I'm tired. I'd like to sleep alone tonight."
The message was clear-she wasn't holding onto him anymore.
Aiken stared at her for a moment before saying, "Alright, I'll come back in a couple of days."
"Okay."
Wendy watched him leave. His back,
though familiar, felt strangely
e
distant If she really thought about it,
this had been their dynamic for the past year. Once the excitement faded, reality set in. 
Aiken had grown tired of their relationship.
When he said "a couple of days", it probably meant another month or two. The duration didn't matter anymore. She glanced down at her phone.
About half an hour earlier, Ryder Mallin had sent her a message, asking, "Have you made up your mind? Did someone offer you a higher salary? I can offer you another million in annual salary." 
swnovel
She took a deep breath, then slowly exhaled.
"Mr. Mallin, I've decided to retire early. No one's poaching me," she replied.
Ryder responded, "I understand. It seems like you're planning to marry Aiken, so you don't need to work anymore To me, your resignation is a huge loss for the company. But'l wish you the best. I look forward to receiving your wedding invitation." 
Looking at Ryder's message, Wendy's face grew pale.
Marriage would never happen between them.
Two days later, Skylar had just arrived at Gardner Group when she received a call from Melanie.
Worried that something had happened to Vivian, she immediately answered.
"Mrs. Martin, could you come to the kindergarten? I'm sorry for taking up your time, but the situation has become a bit complicated, and we need you to come in person."
###chapter1657
 
Skylar asked, "Is this about Vivian?"
"No, it's not about Vivian. It's actually about Nadia's parents. They've come to the kindergarten and caused a scene, demanding to speak with you. We had no choice but to contact you," Melanie replied, sounding quite helpless.
No one had anticipated that after Carmen and Sigmund arrived, they would kneel before Elvira, pleading for help to meet with Vivian's parents.
In just a few days, the previously arrogant Carmen and Sigmund had changed completely, as if some great misfortune had befallen them. Sigmund hadn't shaved, and Carmen had no makeup on, looking worn out.
If it weren't for them bringing Nadia and introducing themselves, Melanie wouldn't have recognized them at all.
Upon hearing that the issue was related to Carmen and Sigmund, Skylar's worries were lifted. After all, she knew the teacher well. Since they had reached out to her, she decided to go there.
20 minutes later, Skylar arrived at the kindergarten.
There was no sign of Carmen and Sigmund outside, but Melanie was waiting at the entrance.
"Mrs. Martin, you're finally here. Carmen and Sigmund are in the principal's office. Mrs. Rehbein didn't want them causing any more disturbance outside, so they're talking inside," Melanie explained, hurrying to meet Skylar.
Skylar nodded. "Let's go meet with Mrs. Rehbein."
Melanie seemed apologetic, understanding that Skylar had been interrupted at work and that this situation should have been handled by the kindergarten.
However, they hadn't expected Carmen and Sigmund to act so outlandishly.
When they reached the principal's office, Skylar could already hear Carmen begging inside.
"Mrs. Rehbein, you and my aunt are friends. We were wrong. We were too impulsive. Please, can you say a few good words to Vivian's parents for us?"
Sigmund joined in, "Please, help us! I promise that if we get through this, we'll never forget your kindness. We won't bother you again."
Hearing the pleas coming from the office, Melanie exchanged an awkward glance with Skylar.
Just two days ago, Carmen and
Sigmund had been so arrogant in front of Skylar, mocking her in their group chat. Yet now, barely two days later, they were begging and crying. 
UMS
Melanie now understood more clearly. Carmen and Sigmund had always been arrogant, accustomed to bullying others, thinking they could push anyone around and get away with it. 
Melanie knocked on the door.
Immediately, the office fell silent.
"Come in."
Skylar entered the office, with Melanie following behind her.
When Elvira saw Skylar, she nodded in acknowledgment. Carmen and Sigmund, however, looked pale, especially Carmen who couldn't bring herself to make eye contact with Skylar. 
Carmen regretted it deeply. She never imagined that Vivian's family was so exceptional. Now it was clear they were dealing with someone far beyond their league.
###chapter1658
 
The day before yesterday, Carmen and Sigmund's account was reported. Over the past few years, their livestreaming business had earned them significant wealth. They even established a media company and trained several popular streamers. But in just a few days, everything unraveled.
Issues with their operations and product promotions-things they had managed to cover up in the past-were now exposed. Previously, no one pursued these matters seriously. However, the platform was no longer turning a blind eye.
Their accounts were banned one after another, and some individuals even reported them to the authorities. The media caught wind of their illegal practices, and the platform imposed heavy penalties. Now, they faced astronomical financial compensation demands.
In less than two days, their fortunes had reversed. They were on the brink of selling their home and liquidating assets to cover their debts.
At first, they didn't connect this disaster to Skylar and Joe. But then, a former contact-someone they had approached to use the media against the kindergarten-provided them with inside information.
It became clear they had offended someone far out of their league. Even if they offered more money, no one dared to help them cause trouble for Skylar and Joe. After all, they were not people they could afford to provoke. Then, by sheer coincidence, Carmen and Sigmund saw a news story.
Skylar had appeared on a TV show. A little digging revealed her husband's identity. Her two older brothers and younger brother were prominent figures in their fields, and Skylar herself was a master-level restorer.
Now, Carmen wanted nothing more than to slap herself. She regretted it so much. If only she could go back to that day, she would have apologized a hundred times over.
"Mrs. Martin, we're here to apologize. What happened that day was entirely our fault," Sigmund began, bowing deeply. "We've thought it through over the past two days and realized we failed as parents. We didn't teach our daughter properly, which led to her mistakes. We'll make sure Nadia apologizes to Vivian too. We'll make sure to educate Nadia properly after this."
Sigmund nudged Carmen, signaling her to speak. Blushing, Carmen turned to Skylar. "My attitude that day was unacceptable," she admitted. "As parents, we've spoiled and indulged our daughter too much. Nadia's overbearing personality and inability to get along with her classmates are entirely our fault. We take full responsibility."
Elvira frowned as she observed the scene. This situation was entirely of their own making.
"It's good that you recognize your mistakes," Skylar replied, her tone indifferent. "But did you come here just to apologize to me?"
Noticing Skylar's indifference,
Carmen and Sigmund began to
et
panic. At this point, pride was no longer a luxury they could afford. They needed to get through this crisis regardless of what Elvira and Melanie thought. 
Sigmund swallowed nervously, then cautiously approached Skylar. "We know we were wrong, and we've apologized. Nadia will apologize to Vivian as well. So, can you... can you stop making things difficult for us?"
"Make things difficult?" Skylar raised an eyebrow.
She knew Joe had done something,
but she wasn't exactly sure what. She had been busy dealing with
other matters these past few dayset
and hadn't asked him about it. However, judging by Carmen and Sigmund's desperation, it was clear they had been hit where it hurt most. 
Their apologies didn't feel genuine. Skylar doubted they truly believed they were at fault.
"Yes, our company is under attack
from all sides, and we're facing massive compensation demands. Isn't this your doing? Please, we're begging you. Show us mercy. We е promise this will never happen again. I've already arranged for Nadia to withdraw from school," Carmen said, her voice frantic. 
Skylar finally understood. "So that's how it is."
"Yes, yes! Please, can you-" Carmen begged, her desperation evident.
###chapter1659
 
Before Carmen could finish her sentence, her face paled at Skylar's next words.
"I'm not sure what you're implying. If you're involved in illegal activities or being falsely accused, you should speak to the police or your streaming platform. Talking to me won't change anything," Skylar said flatly, her expression unyielding.
To Skylar, their apology was as convincing as crocodile tears. If they hadn't broken the rules in the first place, they wouldn't have exposed themselves to this backlash.
This time, Joe had taken action, but Skylar believed it was their arrogance and disregard for others' rights that had led to such severe consequences. "If it weren't for you, how could we be so defenseless now? We've admitted our mistake. Isn't that enough?"
Carmen couldn't hold it anymore. Her pride was unable to bear the humility forced upon her. She had grown accustomed to arrogance, and this sudden shift was unbearable.
Sigmund was startled, and by the time he tried to cover Carmen's mouth, it was already too late.
"Please, Mrs. Martin, don't hold this against us. She's just saying things out of frustration. We just need your help to get through this. Please help us! Just this once!" Sigmund pleaded, pushing Carmen aside and desperately explaining.
Carmen stumbled from the shove, falling to the floor. Melanie rushed to her aid, but Sigmund paid no attention. His focus was solely on salvaging the situation, frustration etched across his face. They should have researched who they were dealing with before causing trouble.
Elvira winced at the unfolding drama, visibly uncomfortable with the rising tension.
Skylar glanced at her watch and then turned to Elvira. "I have a lot of work to do. If there's nothing else, I'll be leaving now."
She had said all she needed to.
Forgiveness was out of the question, and she had no intention of helping them out of their predicament. If they continued to make trouble, it would be up to Elvira to handle it even if it meant involving the authorities. 
It was clear that Elvira wanted to help Carmen and Sigmund, possibly
due to her long-standing frihet
with Carmen's aunt. Despite the numerous complaints about
Elvira had refrained from
intervening. 
As Skylar moved to leave, Sigmund stepped forward in a panic.
"Wait, Mrs. Martin! Don't go! Let's talk. Whatever terms you set, I'll agree to them. If I have to kneel, I will. But you can't just walk away!" His voice was thick with desperation.
Skylar's cold gaze swept over him. "Are you sure you want to stop me?"
Sigmund froze, his outstretched arm slowly lowering.
But Carmen, having completely lost her composure, stepped forward and blocked Skylar's path.
"You're bullying us. This is too much!
ve
I don't care what it takes-if you won't help us, I won't let you leave!" Carmen's voice was shrill with rage. "Mrs. Martin, I know who you are. Do you think money makes you untouchable? Do you think you can push people to the brink without consequences?" 
In just a few sentences, Carmen cast herself as the victim, conveniently ignoring her history of bullying and threats when she held the upper hand. Skylar's expression darkened.
Melanie jumped at the sudden outburst, while Elvira frowned and immediately dialed a number on her phone. "Captain Delgado, bring your team here."
The kindergarten had security guards on staff, but Elvira seemed unwilling to escalate the situation unnecessarily though she was prepared to if Carmen continued.
###chapter1660
 
But Carmen and Sigmund were beyond reason now. It was clear that they were set on making things worse for themselves.
Adults must face the consequences of their actions; there was no room for escape.
"Mr. Becker, Mrs. Becker, you two need to calm down," Elvira reminded them in a stern voice.
As security guards arrived to escort them out, the atmosphere grew dangerously volatile.
Skylar's expression remained unchanged as she watched Carmen.
The weight of Skylar's stare sent a chill through Carmen, guilt gnawing at her insides. Elvira's words only amplified her unease, her heart pounding as fear took hold. Unable to endure the scrutiny, Carmen stepped back, reluctantly making way.
Skylar said nothing and simply walked straight out.
The moment Skylar left, Sigmund slapped Carmen hard across the face. "This is because of you! I've always known you were bad luck. If it weren't for you, we wouldn't be in this mess. You reckless woman-why did you have to pick a fight with the Martins? You've ruined my life!"
One slap wasn't enough to quell his anger. He kicked her, the force knocking her off balance. Carmen froze, stunned before pain jolted her into action. She retaliated, and the fight escalated.
"It's not my fault. You're the useless one!" she screamed. "If you were capable, would you be afraid of anyone? You run the company-why couldn't you handle things better? You made all the wrong decisions, and now we're paying for them!"
Her voice grew shrill. "This is on you, Sigmund, not me! I want a divorce! I won't live this miserable life anymore. I'm not responsible for your debts!" "Say that again and see if I don't kill you."
Blows flew, each more vicious than the last.
Elvira and Melanie were completely stunned by the sight. They had never witnessed such a scene before. The couple was no longer acting like a married pair-they looked more like enemies and worse, they were fighting in a kindergarten. 
In her 50 years, Elvira had seen her share of chaos, but this was unlike anything before. She was genuinely taken aback by the scene unfolding before her.
The fight grew more intense, and neither she nor Melanie dared to step in. Fortunately, the head of security, Ebenezer Delgado, arrived with his team. Eventually, the scene culminated in a trip to the police station.
Meanwhile, the children had witnessed everything. When they returned home, many recounted the spectacle to their parents, sparking a storm in the parent group chat.
"Serves them right! That family is way too arrogant! I've seen news reports about them lately. They run a media company and have been involved in all kinds of shady dealings. People have been fed up
with them for a long time." 
"Reap what you sow! Let this be a lesson for all of us. Never act like you're above everyone else."
"Thank goodness their kid dropped out. Otherwise, I would be worried if my daughter, Patience, had to go to school with that kid every day."
That evening, after work and dinner,
net
Skylar finally had time to check her phone. Scrolling through the messages, she glanced at Joe. "Their company's been exploiting streamers with unfair contracts. A group of them hired lawyers and started leaking evidence 
Joe nodded in approval. "Good. They won't be able to hurt anyone else."
Just then, Vivian ran over with a picture book in hand. "Dad, I don't know this word," she said, pointing at the page.
###chapter1661
 
Vivian had always loved reading picture books. After school, she would finish dinner and immediately curl up with a new story.
Whenever she encountered a word she didn't recognize, she would bring it to Joe or Skylar for help.
Before long, she had learned a surprising number of words.
"Let me see that," Joe said, setting aside his earlier sharp tone while discussing Carmen and Sigmund. But the moment his eyes landed on Vivian, his expression softened.
Skylar couldn't help but cherish moments like these. She loved the cozy dynamic of their little family. "How about we read it together?" she suggested. "Yes, please!" Vivian's enthusiasm was infectious.
Wendy hadn't expected Zera to come looking for her again. This time, Zera was right outside her door.
Wendy frowned as she opened the door. "How did you even get up here?"
Zera smirked, her confidence unshaken. "I own a unit in this complex. I just asked the property manager for access."
Her eyes sparkled with barely concealed pride as she mentioned her ownership.
Wendy felt a heavy weight settle in her chest. If Zera lived here, it would likely have been arranged by Aiken. That thought sent a sharp pang through her heart.
She knew Aiken owned several units in this development, gifts from the developer when the project launched. The apartment she lived in now was one of them—a gift from Aiken.
She had considered it her home for years, completely forgetting who it had originally belonged to. But now, the realization hit her hard, leaving her breathless, like someone had cut off her air supply.
Zera raised her chin slightly, her voice tinged with satisfaction. "When I came to you last time, you obviously didn't take my words seriously. "Did you go to Aiken these past few days? Did you say something to him? Do you think he feels guilty about you? Is that why he hasn't broken up with you yet? Do you think you can manipulate him by playing the victim?
"Do you even understand how much we love each other? His guilt toward you is the only thing holding him back from making me any promises. I'm the one suffering here."
Over the past few days, Aiken had inexplicably stopped contacting her. When she tried calling him, he didn't pick up. Her messages went unanswered as well.
Growing desperate, she reached out to Wilbur, who told her that Aiken had been swamped with work and wouldn't be able to meet with her. But Zera couldn't shake the feeling that something else was at play.
She suspected Wendy had said something or worse, continued clinging to Aiken shamelessly.
Frustration bubbled up inside her.
She couldn't help but feel that fate was being unreasonably kind to Wendy, giving her the advantage of being close friends with Aiken's sister. If not for that connection, Zera believed Aiken would have already cut ties with Wendy completely. 
Inside her apartment, Wendy took a deep breath, a faint pain throbbing in her lower abdomen. Days had passed, yet she couldn't summon the calm that true detachment required.
"I haven't contacted him. If he wants to end things, I won't cling to him. There's no need for you to come here anymore. Whatever happens between you two is your business, not mine. Showing off your so-called love to me is unnecessary."
Zera narrowed her eyes, her doubt evident as she observed Wendy's composed demeanor. She leaned forward slightly, her tone filled with disbelief. "You really won't cling to him? After all these years of chasing Aiken, you will just accept being dumped?" 
Zera couldn't fathom it. Surely, Wendy would seize this opportunity to demand something or find a way to hold on.
Aiken wouldn't have suddenly grown distant with her if that were true. Until now, their relationship had been progressing smoothly.
Wendy's expression didn't waver. "Aiken and I will part ways amicably. I wish you both the best." Her tone was cold, her words final. As soon as she finished, Wendy turned and reached for her door.
"You..." Zera was left stunned.
Her accusations hit no mark. Wendy neither rose to defend herself nor argued. Instead, she had gone so far as to offer her blessings to Zera and Aiken.
This wasn't normal.
net
Yet Wendy's indifference seemed genuine, as though she truly didn't care about Aiken being with Zera. Without sparing another glance, Wendy stepped inside and shut the door firmly behind her, leaving Zera standing outside in frustration. 
###chapter1662
 
Zera was left momentarily speechless, blinking in confusion as uncertainty clouded her thoughts. Could it really not be Wendy's doing? She struggled to understand why Aiken had suddenly stopped reaching out to her.
As she tried to make sense of it, Wilbur unexpectedly called her. She answered quickly.
"The hot spring resort? The one I went to before?" she asked. "Oh, you're coming to pick me up? No need. I'll drive myself. I know the way. Please tell Aiken I've missed him these past few days. I can't wait to see him tonight!"
She raised her voice just enough for Wendy to hear through the walls. Whether Wendy actually heard or not didn't matter.
Well, it would have been better if she had done it. Let Wendy compare things. Aiken's attention was fully on her now, with no room for thoughts of Wendy. It was only natural-Aiken liked her.
After all, she was good at charming men, knowing exactly how to pamper them. Men thrived on the desire to protect the ones they cared about, and she played that role flawlessly.
When she saw Wendy, she understood immediately. Wendy was the kind of woman who didn't grasp the subtleties of romance, and she was too focused on her career. Her commanding presence and ambition were intimidating-qualities that offered no sense of conquest.
No man would be drawn to that.
Zera, on the other hand, knew how to present herself as delicate and in need of protection. Even if she became an award-winning actress someday, she would always remain soft and vulnerable in Aiken's eyes.
It was best if everything Wendy had said today was true. Zera didn't want Wendy as a barrier between Aiken and herself.
Inside the house, Wendy overheard Zera's raised voice.
"The hot spring resort?" Wendy's face turned pale as her heart sank. She let out a self-deprecating laugh.
She remembered mentioning to
Aiken that she wanted to visit a hot
spring with him to relax. He had
agreed, but they never went. Nowet
she understood why. He had
never
wanted to share that romantic experience with her. His passion and romance were entirely reserved for Zera. 
Maybe Zera was right. Aiken had never shown her true passion or love. From the beginning, their relationship had been calm, ordinary-a routine born of
vel
convenience, devoid of the thrill and
impulsiveness of real love. 
Wendy laughed bitterly and made a decision. "Cancel my flight and rebook another one. If there's a flight tomorrow, I'll leave tomorrow."
After hanging up, she looked around
the house. This place had never truly been hers. Zera's words rang in her mind, sharp and unyielding. Perhaps it was her own moral coercion that had kept Aiken from ending things sooner. 
S
She had deceived herself into believing they shared love. But now, the truth of her self-delusion hit her with crushing clarity.
After staring off into space for a while, she stood up and began packing her suitcase.
She carefully sorted through her belongings. The house still held many of Aiken's belongings. Though he hadn't used them much in the past year, she had left everything untouched.
Now, she would leave everything behind, including the house, taking only what she had brought with her. She would erase every trace of her presence from this place.
Tonight, she would wipe away the evidence of her presence there.
###chapter1663
 
Ten days later, at Martin Group, in the CEO's office, a cup of steaming coffee was placed in front of Joe. The hand that passed the coffee had beautifully manicured nails; each one carefully tended to.
The soft, sweet voice of a woman followed soon after. "Mr. Martin, you have a meeting in 15 minutes," Priscilla Dunn said.
Priscilla didn't dare to stare at Joe directly. It had taken a lot of effort to get into this office, and it had taken her three years to climb to this position. With Paul away on a business trip, Priscilla and two colleagues had temporarily assumed his duties. Joe didn't look up, merely giving a slight nod in acknowledgment.
Priscilla wasn't surprised by his cold, distant demeanor. Despite her years at the company, Joe remained as aloof as ever, oblivious to most of the employees around him.
As she turned to leave, her eyes fell on the photos displayed on his desk.
One picture, in particular, caught her attention-a family photo of Joe with his wife and daughter. The three of them radiated warmth and closeness. In the photo, Joe's gentle smile stood in stark contrast to the stern, impassive expression he wore at work.
Priscilla couldn't help but think how lucky Skylar was. When new employees joined the company, some harbored fleeting fantasies of catching Joe's attention, dreaming of a life of luxury and security.
But reality was quick to extinguish such hopes. Over time, even the boldest aspirations faded away.
Only Skylar had ever managed to
stand by Joe's side. Despite the many socialites in Jipsburg City vying for his attention, none had succeeded in breaking through his imprable reserve. 
Priscilla pushed aside the flutter of longing in her chest. As she reached the door, she cast one last glance over her shoulder.
Joe had just answered a phone call. His tone, typically cold, softened noticeably. His gaze, once distant, seemed to warm, infused with an unmistakable tenderness.
"I'll pick up Vivian after work, and
then I'll come get you. Yes, Edgar has everything ready. The things are in the car, and the birthday cake will be delivered this afternoon. Don't forget to have lunch," he said 
UMS
Clearly, he was speaking to Skylar. Even after years of marriage, their love remained unwavering. No wonder no one else could ever hope to take her place.
Priscilla pressed her lips together, quietly shutting the door behind her.
Outside, her two colleagues immediately approached. Among the three of them, Priscilla was the only woman. The other two were male colleagues a few years older than her. They had all been selected to work alongside Joe because of their abilities. 
###chapter1664
 
The opportunity was rare and vital for future promotions. Making a lasting impression on Joe was paramount.
"Did Mr. Martin say anything?" one of the male colleagues asked.
Priscilla shook her head. "I told Mr. Martin about the meeting in 15 minutes. He didn't say much, just nodded. The coffee I made was also according to Mr. Ziegler's instructions, so there shouldn't be any issues."
"Good to hear. Mr. Ziegler will be away on business for two months. The three of us need to handle everything seamlessly. If there are any ideas or concerns, let's make sure to communicate openly," the second male colleague said.
Priscilla smiled and said, "Our skills speak for themselves. This is our chance to prove what we're capable of. Let's not disappoint Mr. Ziegler." Nor should they disappoint Joe. Two months was neither too long nor too short.
Priscilla glanced at her carefully manicured hands. The nail art, a design she had chosen herself, gleamed under the light. Skylar couldn't possibly maintain nails like these. Working with antiques daily, her hands were likely rough and worn-not soft, delicate, and fair like Priscilla's.
She would make sure to seize this opportunity.
Later that day, everyone gathered to celebrate Janine's birthday.
A few years ago, Janine and Ted had moved into a large villa to accommodate their growing family. With Steven's two kids and Vivian, the extra space was necessary.
The yard had swings, a slide, and small tracks for the kids' tricycles. Inside, three rooms were dedicated to the children, along with several guest rooms—ready for when Charles and Harvey eventually married and had families of their own.
The children gathered together to play, while Skylar and Joe chatted with Steven and the others.
"I saw your post on Instagram. Is your new book being adapted into a TV series?" Skylar asked Mona.
Mona had two children, but she still
maintained herself well. She had
matured over the years, her
resilience evident in the way she balanced motherhood and her career. 
While Mona devoted significant effort to her children, she continued to write and steadily sold the rights to her books.
"Yes," Mona replied with a smile. "Two months ago, I finalized the copyright deal. I heard you've been busy lately, working late. You should take care of yourself."
She paused before adding, "Have you thought about where to take Vivian for summer vacation?"
Skylar shook her head. "I've been so busy lately. I haven't had time to plan."
"We're thinking of taking the kids to an island Why don't we go together? The kids would have a blast, and I
have some free time now to plan it," Mona said, her excitement evident. 
UMS
Skylar glanced at Joe, who nodded in agreement. A family trip sounded perfect, especially since Vivian adored spending time with her cousins. Steven and Mona had raised their children well. They were very protective of Vivian.
"Sounds good! We've talked about going on a trip together for ages. Let's make it happen this time," Skylar said, smiling.
"By the way, where's Harvey? He's not here yet," Charles asked, munching on an apple as he scanned the room.
Janine smiled. "Harvey just texted me. He's bringing a friend and got stuck in traffic, so he'll be a bit late."
"A friend?" Charles raised an eyebrow. "Could it be a girlfriend? He always insists he's not interested in dating or marriage."
The thought of being the only single one in the family made Charles uneasy. He could already imagine Janine pressuring him to settle down.
Janine chuckled. "You know how
stubborn your brother is. When l asked him recently, he said he didn't have a girlfriend. But who knows? Maybe he's bringing someone special for my birthday." 
###chapter1665
 
Janine's eyes sparkled as she spoke, ignoring Charles' increasingly sour expression. She turned to Ted and said, "The more I think about it, the more I feel like it's possible."
Ted chuckled. "Funny, I was just thinking the same thing."
Charles grimaced. These two were getting along far too well for his liking. He then looked at Skylar and Steven. "Do you know what's going on with Harvey? Could it be that he's secretly dating someone and hasn't told me?"
The thought that Harvey might be planning to become a father without so much as a heads-up-making Charles an uncle again-sent a jolt of discomfort through him.
Skylar replied, "I haven't heard anything from him."
Not long ago, Harvey had taken Vivian to the amusement park, but Skylar had been too busy to catch up with him. She had no idea if he was seeing someone, though she suspected his earlier declarations of avoiding relationships were just youthful bravado. Once he met someone he truly cared about, every principle he lived by would be cast aside.
It reminded Skylar of her past. She had once believed she'd never fall in love again after her rebirth. Yet here she was, sharing her life with Joe, overcoming countless challenges together.
It was the same for Steven and Mona. Their relationship had always been steadfast and enduring. Now, as parents, they found even greater joy in their family life.
This gathering for Janine's birthday was a moment of harmony that Skylar cherished. It reminded her how different everyone's desires could be. Some of her colleagues chose not to marry or have children, and she respected their decisions. Happiness was personal, shaped by individual choices.
Steven shook his head. "I'm not sure. Last I heard, he was spending time with his business partner. We had dinner with them once."
"Business partner?" Charles raised an eyebrow. A thought struck him. The entertainment industry was rife with surprises, full of unconventional people and relationships.
Leaning closer to Steven, Charles whispered, "Do you think it's possible that Harvey doesn't like women but prefers men?"
If not, there was no way his bond with his business partner could be this solid. He had even included him in Janine's birthday celebration. The whole situation felt far too strange. 
Steven blinked, taken aback. "What are you even saying?"
net
Charles shrugged. "You'd be surprised. In the entertainment industry, nothing is off the table. People form all kinds of relationships, regardless of gender. Maybe we've overlooked something about Harvey. We shouldn't let him go down the wrong path 
The more Charles considered it, the more convinced he became. Harvey's reluctance to date had always seemed odd.
Charles had encountered plenty of opportunistic women in his line of work, but Harvey had not faced the same challenges. Later, Charles decided to casually bring it up with Joe.
"Has Harvey ever mentioned anything about his preferences?" Charles asked, trying to sound nonchalant. "I don't know why, but something feels off. Like there's more to the story." 
Joe chuckled at the question. "That's a pretty personal question, don't you think?"
###chapter1666
 
Even if Harvey had issues with his sexual orientation or something else, there was no way he would come to Joe to talk about it. Charles, on the other hand, had a more straightforward personality. He never hesitated to speak his mind in front of his family. "That's true. He wouldn't tell me, so he won't tell you," Charles remarked, no longer dwelling on the matter.
After all, the mystery would resolve itself soon enough. Whoever Harvey brought along-man or woman-would provide the answer.
Not even ten minutes later, Harvey arrived. "Mom, Ted, I'm here. This is my girlfriend, Alina Jensen."
The woman beside Harvey appeared to be in her mid-20s. Her jet-black hair cascaded gracefully to her shoulders, and her smooth, fair skin gave her an ethereal charm.
When she smiled, her crescent-shaped eyes sparkled with warmth and sincerity. She exuded the kind of beauty that felt both timeless and effortless a lovely, radiant young woman.
Standing beside Harvey, her height slightly over his shoulder, they looked like the perfect pair. Their youthful joy radiated a sense of a fresh yet beautiful relationship.
"Hello, Mrs. Read, Mr. Read." Alina greeted Janine and Ted warmly before following Harvey's lead in addressing the others.
Skylar couldn't help but chuckle, leaning toward Joe to whisper, "See? Men can't always be trusted when they say they're not interested in relationships. Remember how Harvey insisted he wasn't into dating a few years ago? Look at him now-he's head over heels."
It was clear Janine was taken with Alina. Skylar could tell how much Harvey liked Alina too; love was unmistakable in his eyes.
"I can't believe it..." Charles' eyes widened in disbelief. Harvey had really found a girlfriend. And now, he was the only one left without a partner. Sure enough, his suspicions had been right all along.
After the family finished their meal and were chatting, Charles excused himself to the bathroom. Just as he stepped out, he ran into Janine.
She fixed him with a sharp look of disapproval. Your brother has already found a girlfriend, and she's stunning. They'll probably get married soon and have kids before long. Meanwhile, you're still single. Aren't you embarrassed?" 
The sting of her words hit hard. Charles tried to defend himself, frustration simmering beneath the surface.
"Embarrassed? Not at all. I'm doing great in my career-one project after another, my schedule packed through next year. Who needs a relationship when work is going so well? There are plenty of romances on screen."
Janine chuckled dismissively. "Oh, so now you're implying your brother's career isn't successful? Those on-screen romances are just that fake. They can't compare to real love, can they?
"You're my son, so there's no need for all these excuses. Honestly, is there something wrong with you? know some excellent hospitals for these e kinds of issues. I can appointment for you. Or
"prake a
a concern, we can go abroad." 
is
"Mom!" Charles exploded, his patience snapping. "I'm perfectly fine! Healthy, even!"
But Janine wasn't convinced. In her
eyes, a strong, successful, and
attractive man had no reason to remain single unless something went wrong, and Charles was
good looking and had no personality problems that would prevent him from finding someone. 
Charles felt like tearing his hair out. "I knew it-Harvey did this on purpose! Why bring his girlfriend home when I'm here? He could've waited!"
###chapter1667
 
Janine's voice was laced with understanding. "You know, I'm quite open-minded. If you have health issues or aren't into women, I'll accept it." Charles' lips twitched in frustration. He was too drained to argue.
Considering it was Janine's birthday, he decided to let it slide for now. He wouldn't even bother confronting Harvey about it.
Aiken unlocked the door with his fingerprint and stepped inside. The room was dark, which surprised him-Wendy should've been home by now. It wasn't her usual bedtime, so she was probably still working late.
It had been half a month since his last visit. If not for realizing how long they'd gone without speaking, he wouldn't have come tonight. He flicked on the lights and walked toward the floor-to-ceiling window.
The apartment's view stretched endlessly, stunning in its beauty. Aiken couldn't help but remember when Wendy first moved in. Back then, they'd often stand by this very window, holding each other close.
They would gaze at the moonlit sky, savoring the quiet moments together. Sometimes, they'd draw the curtains and lose themselves in each other; other times, they simply basked in the silence.
Back then, happiness had felt tangible-right within their grasp. But somewhere along the way, they had grown distant. The closeness they once shared seemed like a memory now.
Pulling out his phone, he dialed Wendy's number, but the call didn't go through.
Was she in an area with no signal? Or had her phone battery died?
Opening their WhatsApp chat, he scrolled to their last conversation from two months ago. Wendy had asked, "Are you coming over today?" He'd replied with just two words. "Not today."
He hadn't explained why, and Wendy hadn't asked. That was how she had always been-never prying, never demanding. If he didn't want to talk, she let it go. 
But now...
Aiken realized just how long it had been since they'd had a proper conversation. She'd seemed busier than him lately, and he hadn't thought much of it.
Setting his phone down, he headed to the bathroom.
At first glance, everything seemed normal. His usual toiletries were there, neatly arranged. But Wendy's items were gone a strange heaviness pressed against his chest. 
He immediately went to the bedroom.
The bed was neatly made, but the vanity, usually filled with her skincare and makeup, was bare. He froze, his body stiffening as he rushed to open the wardrobe 
Swr
Only his clothes and some loungewear remained. Wendy's belongings were nowhere to be found.
Panic set in, and he immediately realized what had happened.
He returned to the living room, his mind racing.
###chapter1668
 
The living room, once filled with photos of Wendy and the plush toys and figurines she had collected over the years, now stood barren. It was as if Wendy had vanished without a trace.
Aiken's gaze fell on a sticky note left on the table. The words were brief but piercing.
"I've already left. Thank you for everything over these years-both the good and the bad. I'm giving you your true freedom. We should never meet again. I wish you happiness. Wendy."
Aiken froze, his body stiffening as the note slipped from his hand. It took him a moment to come back to his senses. He immediately called Simona. "Has Wendy contacted you recently? Do you know where she is?"
Simona's voice was filled with confusion. "Wasn't she busy with a project? She was working overtime and didn't have time to meet me when I contacted her half a month ago. Wait are you saying you two fought, and now she's left?
"No, that doesn't sound like Wendy. If she were upset, she'd just need some space—not cut off all contact. Let me try calling her. By the way, Aiken, you've been with Wendy for years. Have you thought about marrying her? You've been kind of cold toward her lately. Are you sure you still have feelings for her?"
Aiken didn't respond, and Simona didn't wait for an answer. She knew she couldn't change Aiken's mind when it came to marriage.
But she couldn't shake the thought that Wendy had been too na?ve. After so many years, Wendy had stayed devoted to Aiken.
As Simona tried calling Wendy, her unease grew. Her calls went unanswered, her messages unread. Wendy wasn't the type to disappear like this- not without a word, not even to her closest friends.
Realization struck Simona like a cold wave. She hadn't spoken to Wendy in over ten days. She quickly called Aiken back. "Aiken, I can't reach her either. What happened? Why did she leave without telling anyone?"
Left with no family to comfort her, Wendy was on her own. Simona hoped her sadness hadn't driven her to make a reckless decision. Aiken's face turned pale, and his body stiffened. "We didn't argue."
"Didn't argue? Then why can't you find her?" Simona was perplexed. She didn't know what was happening.
Aiken answered, "We haven't seen each other in half a month. I came to her place today, and most of her things are gone. She moved out." "What? Moved out? Where could she go? She didn't own a house in Jipsburg-she always lived there. Didn't you give her this place?
"What happened between you two?
Why did she leave without a word? Did you do something to hurt her? You haven't been in touch for half a month... Half a month... No wonder..." 
As Simona spoke, something suddenly clicked in her mind.
Half a month ago, Wendy had called her early one morning. They didn't talk much, as Simona had been up all night and was exhausted. She had been somewhat dismissive, promising to meet up with Wendy soon. 
UMS
Wendy's words from that day now echoed in her mind. Wendy had told her to take care of herself, avoid staying up late, eat proper meals, and stop ordering so much takeout.
"No wonder what?" Aiken exhaled a cloud of smoke, his face hard and filled with irritation.
Simona spoke urgently, "Aiken, you need to call her company. Don't you know her boss? Ask if she's been showing up for work."
Wendy's tone back then had felt final. A sense of dread settled in Simona's chest. She prayed her fears were unfounded.
Minutes later, Aiken responded. "She quit her job over 20 days ago. She's not in Jipsburg anymore. She left for Fachington half a month ago." "What?"
"She left me a note. She broke up with me," Aiken said. He could now fully confirm that Wendy no longer wanted him.
Simona was in shock. "What did you
net
do to her, Aiken? Wendy was so devoted to you! And now she's left everything behind-even moved abroad! tried every way to reach her, but all her accounts, including her Instagram and Facebook, w
gone. It's like she doesn't want us to find her." 
###chapter1669
 
Simona was certain that Aiken had done something; otherwise, Wendy would never have left so abruptly. Even Wendy's closest friends had no idea where she had gone.
Aiken's cigarette slipped from his fingers and hit the floor when he heard the news.
A few days later, Skylar learned about Wendy's departure from Jipsburg. Simona had come to tell her.
Simona had been desperately trying to contact Wendy but to no avail. Then, it dawned on her that she had not spoken to Wendy at all since their last meeting.
She left Wendy a message on WhatsApp, but she did not receive a reply. The calls went unanswered, and the number was disconnected.
It was clear-Wendy no longer wanted any ties to Jipsburg or its people. She was determined to start fresh somewhere far away.
"I only found out yesterday that Aiken has been spending a lot of time with a minor celebrity. They've been getting very close and going on dates. Wendy must have left him because she found out about it," Simona said.
Simona knew Aiken's history-his reckless lifestyle, always surrounded by women. For a time, he'd changed. After developing feelings for Skylar and later getting together with Wendy, he seemed to settle down.
In the past two years, Simona had even entertained the idea that Aiken might marry Wendy. Their relationship appeared stable, on the brink of something permanent.
But then came the betrayal. Aiken had started seeing someone else a minor celebrity, no less.
Skylar frowned. "Wendy has always been strong-willed. If she chose to leave, she must have had her reasons. As for Aiken..."
She thought back to the woman who had answered Aiken's phone that day. It must have been the celebrity Simona mentioned. Wendy had been upset then, clearly preoccupied. It seemed she had already pieced things together and made her decision.
"Aiken? He doesn't seem to care about much," Simona said bitterly. "Men are all the same. Once the novelty wears off, they lose interest. The feelings fade."
Her voice cracked with frustration. "I just feel sorry for Wendy. With her looks and abilities, she could have had anyone. If only she hadn't wasted her time on him."
Skylar gave her a soft smile. "Human nature is complicated. Only they truly know what happened between themselves. They should understand their choices better than anyone else. After all, they're both adults."
Although Skylar felt for Wendy, there was little she could do about it.
Simona's eyes welled up with tears. "I don't even know where Wendy went. Aiken had people search for her. We know she left the country but after that, it's like she vanished. If she doesn't want to be found, she won't let anyone track her down. She's made up her mind to cut ties with all of us." 
"I believe she'll come back one day." Skylar knew Wendy well and knew to
how important her friends were to her. If she had left, it must have been for a reason. When Wendy figured things out, she would return or at least let them know she was safe. 
net
"I just hope she finds happiness and meets someone who truly cherishes her. Aiken is a scumbag when it comes to relationships. He's let Wendy down," Simona said angrily. Aiken's betrayal made her doubt most men, and she vowed never to fall for their lies again. 
###chapter1670
 
An hour later, Simona arrived at the entrance of a film set, a sprawling studio alive with the hustle and bustle of multiple crews working on various productions. After a few inquiries, she finally located the set she was looking for.
The set was a hive of activity, filled with busy workers, lead actors, and a crowd of extras in period costumes. It was for a historical drama.
Her arrival didn't garner much attention. Most people likely assumed she was part of the crew.
It didn't take long for her to spot Zera.
Zera, dressed in an elaborate period costume, was seated in her chair, resting between takes. Her assistant, Trix Walsh, attended to her dutifully, offering a water bottle and occasionally fanning her in the heat.
The temperature had been high lately, and their traditional costumes were rather thick.
As Simona observed Zera, she couldn't help but notice something faintly familiar about her features. From certain angles, Zera bore a subtle resemblance to Wendy.
But it was fleeting-a mere shadow of similarity. In Simona's eyes, Wendy was far more beautiful. Wendy also possessed a strength and relentless drive that Zera didn't have.
Wendy's resilience wasn't something innate. It had been forged by a lifetime of hardships. The kind of trials that could easily break a person, leaving them defeated and hollow, had only made her stronger.
Instead of crumbling under the weight of her struggles, Wendy had clawed her way forward, carving out a path entirely her own.
It was that indomitable will that Simona admired most about her, setting Wendy apart from anyone else.
Perhaps she had been staring for too long, for Zera soon noticed. Their eyes met.
She frowned slightly, puzzled by the woman who had been staring at her. Simona didn't seem like a fan, nor did she appear to be part of the crew.
"Go find out who that is and why she's been staring at me," Zera instructed Trix with a frown.
Trix immediately approached
Simona, her tone sharp and
impatient. "Who are you? Why are you standing here staring at Zera? Are you one of her fans? If so, sorry to disappoint you, but Zera's about to start filming and can't give autographs right now. You need to leave and stop disrupting her focus." 
e
Simona raised an eyebrow, her expression cold and indifferent. She didn't know much about the entertainment industry, but the little she had looked into was enough to tell her that Zera was no more than a minor celebrity. 
This show had her playing the secondary female lead, a role she had landed only because Aiken had funded the production. Without that financial backing, Zera's abysmal acting skills would have seen her struggling even to secure a minor role.
Simona thought that Aiken had far too much money to burn, wasting it on a woman with such poor acting skills. He had probably already lined up a female lead role for her in the next production.
The more Simona thought about it, the more disgusted she felt. And the more she reflected, the more she lamented how much time Wendy had wasted.
Growing impatient with Simona's silence, Trix scowled. "What's your deal? If you don't speak up, I will call security to have you thrown out." Finally, Simona spoke, her tone sharp and commanding. "Tell Zera I'm Simona Parkinson, Aiken's sister, and I need to see her." Trix's demeanor shifted slightly at the mention of Aiken. While she hadn't heard of Simona, she was well aware of who Aiken was. Zera's assistant, who was practically glued to her side every day, was well aware that Zera had a sugar daddy backing her career. That sugar daddy was none other than Aiken. Zera had managed to secure this secondary female lead role entirely because Aiken had poured money into the production.
Without his financial backing, her lack of refined acting skills and the absence of any substantial past work would have left her struggling to get such an opportunity. If her abilities were even slightly better, Aiken's influence might have been enough to land her the female lead role in this project. 
###chapter1671
 
Trix quickly went over to Zera. "She says she's Aiken's sister, Simona Parkinson. She wants to meet with you."
When Zera heard that, her eyes widened in surprise. She knew Aiken had a sister and that he cared deeply for her.
He wouldn't have spent so much time with Wendy if he hadn't. Now, with Simona here, Zera couldn't help but wonder if this had something to do with her recent growing closeness to Aiken.
She had some time before her next scene, so she stood up. "Alright, have her meet me somewhere private. We can talk there."
A few minutes later, Zera greeted Simona with a smile. "What brings you here today?"
She wondered if this was because Aiken had spoken to Simona about their relationship, possibly trying to make things public. Perhaps he had finally decided to break things off with Wendy.
These past few days, Zera had been confused by Aiken's distant and unpredictable attitude, making it hard to read him. Her mind had been distracted, and her performance had suffered as a result. The director had noticed but couldn't say anything-after all, Aiken had invested heavily in the film.
Simona's sneer broke Zera from her thoughts. "Aiken has had many women over the years. But for the past few, he's been with Wendy. And now, you're just the latest one. I heard you went behind Aiken's back to see Wendy. Is that true?"
She hadn't heard this from anyone, but she had her suspicions. She had come here to confirm it.
Zera paused, frowning slightly. "I did go to see her. But it seems she's not as noble as she pretends to be. She doesn't care about anything. So she's been complaining to you, hasn't she? I went to her because I wanted to make it clear.
"I'm truly in love with Aiken. For years, Wendy's been using her connection with you to keep him trapped in something that isn't right. You're Aiken's sister-why are you protecting her? Don't you care about your brother? Don't you know how much he suffers being with someone he doesn't even like?" 
"Suffering?" Simona let out a half-smile, wondering just how much pain Wendy would feel if she heard Zera's words.
Aiken and Wendy had been together for so many years, and while Aiken might not have felt much, Simona knew that he had changed. He had become calmer, more at peace.
Whenever Aiken spoke of Wendy, there was a certain light in his eyes. She understood well how deep his feelings for Wendy were. There was no way he could be suffering because of her.
Even though Wendy was her friend, Simona knew that Aiken would never stay in a relationship with Wendy just for her sake. It sounded absurd to even think so.
"You're Aiken's sister, so you should look out for him. You can't morally coerce him like this. He stopped liking Wendy a long time ago or maybe he never did. He only stayed with her because of you. 
"But when he was with me, I could see how happy he truly was. Only two people who truly care for each other can feel that kind of
happiness." Zera felt compelli né
to
make Simona understand the entire truth. 
Simona found Zera's self-assured tone almost laughable. At the same time, it made her realize just how much Wendy had wasted the best years of her life.
If Aiken hadn't given Zera the illusion of being important, there was no way she would have been so arrogant as to go and confront Wendy. She was just adding insult to injury.
Simona sneered.
Seeing Simona's expression, Zera suddenly felt uneasy. After all, Simona was Aiken's sister-the only person he truly cared for.
###chapter1672
 
Zera said, her tone softening, "I'm just speaking my mind. Aiken and I truly love each other. Honestly, I didn't even know about Wendy at first. It bothered me for a while when I found out, and I even thought about leaving your brother.
"I didn't want to be the third party in someone else's relationship. But sometimes, feelings can't be controlled. I wanted to leave, but I just couldn't control my emotions. We're both women, so I'm sure you can understand where I'm coming from."
Simona didn't buy it. "I'm not a man, and you don't need to be all sweet and delicate with me. What you're really reluctant to leave behind are the resources Aiken has given you, right? He can use money to give you opportunities today, and he can do the same for someone else tomorrow.
"You keep saying you don't want to be the third party, but then you go behind his back to confront Wendy. Don't you think that's a bit hypocritical? Men may fall for your act, but it doesn't work on me."
Simona wasted no time in exposing Zera's pretenses.
She continued, her tone cold, "The reason Aiken likes you is probably because you remind him of Wendy. She's easygoing, but I'm not. If you've messed with Wendy, you've messed with me. Do you understand?"
Zera's eyes widened, her expression faltering as tears welled up, her face contorting with feigned hurt. As an actress, she knew how to quickly summon an expression of vulnerability.
Simona thought that men always fell for that act. But women? They were repulsed by it.
"Why cry now?" Simona thought, her impatience clear as she rolled her eyes. "Where were those tears when you were bullying others?
"If you spent as much effort on your acting as you do on these antics, maybe people wouldn't mock your lack of talent."
Zera's face flushed with anger. "You-"
"Go ahead and tell Aiken," Simona said.
With that, Simona turned and walked away, not sparing Zera another glance.
Lately, Zera had been showered with praise, and no one had ever spoken to her so bluntly. It felt like a slap to the face.
Noticing the redness in Zera's eyes, Trix immediately asked with concern, "Are you okay?"
Zera bit her lip, forcing the tears back. She couldn't let anyone see her weakness.
Zera was determined to find Wendy. It must have been Wendy who went to complain to Simona.
She had once thought Wendy was a dignified person, someone who wouldn't make a fuss, but now she saw her as nothing more than a lowly
woman.
Simona might have claimed she was
just being hypocritical, but Zera was certain Wendy was behind it. No wonder she couldn't find Aiken. lately, nor had he tried to contact her
had to be Simona meddling in the background. 
Wendy sure had good luck. Having a friend like Simona, who could help her climb the ranks with such ease
l.n
was a stroke of fortune. Zera couldn't help but wonder why she hadn't been blessed with such luck. 
swne
Skylar finished work early that day. She went to pick up Vivian from her class.
Vivian had a piano lesson scheduled, and by the time they arrived home, the teacher was already there. Skylar and Edgar were busy in the kitehen, but the sounds of Vivian playing the piano filled the house. 
"Vivian plays the piano so well!" Edgar praised with a smile.
Skylar chuckled. "She's only been learning for just over a year. It's still too early to notice much progress."
"The teacher says Vivian has natural talent and is willing to work hard, practicing the piano every day. That kind of persistence and effort is rare in children. Just like you and Mr. Martin."
After praising Vivian, Edgar went on to compliment Skylar and Joe as well.
###chapter1673
 
In Edgar's opinion, Joe and Skylar were always the best. With Vivian added to the family, they were even more perfect.
Though Gloria had passed away years ago, Edgar had remained steadfast in watching over Joe and Skylar, ensuring their lives only grew richer and more fulfilling.
Of course, there had been whispers over the years. When Joe and Skylar initially struggled to have children, some had speculated whether one of them had health issues.
A few ill-intentioned individuals had tried to use this as an opportunity to sow discord between them.
There had certainly been no shortage of troublemakers over the years. But fortunately, Joe and Skylar had always trusted each other, facing every challenge together. Edgar had always been deeply moved by their bond.
Now, looking at this happy family of three, he couldn't help but feel immense joy. He imagined that if Gloria were still around, she would have been so pleased to see how well they were doing.
As long as Edgar was there, he would continue to watch over them for Gloria.
"Well, whatever you say, Edgar, you're always right," Skylar said with a smile.
She knew Edgar's deep hopes for the family. To her, Joe, and Vivian, Edgar was family-an elder they respected deeply. "Hahaha! Is Mr. Martin not coming home for dinner tonight?" Edgar asked, looking at the vegetables he was stirring in the pan. "He just told me he's on a business trip for the next couple of days. He'll be back the day after tomorrow," Skylar replied. "Another business trip? It seems like Mr. Martin is always busy around this time of year," Edgar said thoughtfully. Though Joe always made it home when he wasn't busy, his work schedule was often packed.
Skylar nodded. "He really is busy. But we'll be taking Vivian for a summer vacation."
"That's great. Work is always tiring, and it's important to rest and enjoy life whenever there's time," Edgar agreed.
As they chatted, Joe's video call came through. Skylar immediately answered the call.
When Joe saw her, he asked, "Are you in the kitchen?"
At that moment, Joe was in the car, and the phone shook slightly. His business wasn't far, so he had driven there. The journey took approximately five hours.
"I'm in the kitchen making dinner with Edgar, and Vivian is having her piano lesson. Have you had dinner yet?" Skylar asked.
Joe gently replied, "I stopped at a rest stop along the way and had something to eat."
"Good, take care of yourself," Skylar said. She knew Joe would take care of himself, and Lucas would also make sure he was okay.
However, Skylar was slightly
concerned because Joe had brought
three temporary assistants for his business trip instead of his regular assistant, Paul. After all, Paul was much more familiar with Joe's preferences and routines. 
"You take care too," Joe said, his eyes lingering on Skylar's image.
Though they had just seen each other in the morning, the thought of being apart for two or three days left him feeling a little empty. They reluctantly ended the call. 
Joe could almost smell the scent of home-cooked food through the phone.
Today, he was traveling in an MPV with two male assistants in the back seat and Priscilla in the front passenger seat.
Though they couldn't see Joe, they could hear his conversation with Skylar through the phone.
There were no declarations of love between Joe and Skylar, but the concern in their words was evident to anyone listening. It was clear to the assistants how gentle Joe was with Skylar. 
If it were another woman, she might be swept away by such tenderness, but Joe seemed oblivious to the way he treated Skylar.
Priscilla, however, noticed the subtle difference.
###chapter1674
 
In the past few days, Priscilla found herself actively seeking opportunities to meet with Joe. Most of these encounters were work-related or involved delivering coffee, but she took them as chances to get closer to him.
Yet Joe's attitude toward her remained unchanged. He treated her no differently than the other two assistants-there was no special attention, no softer tone, and not even the slightest hint of extra kindness. His behavior was professional, and he was indifferent to her attractiveness.
The only time she noticed a change in his demeanor was when he spoke on the phone with Skylar.
Priscilla pursed her lips and lowered her gaze to her freshly manicured nails, her heart racing with anticipation. This business trip was her opportunity. She wanted Joe.
She was determined to become Joe's woman, even if it meant being a secret lover.
She glanced at the road ahead before turning to Joe. "Mr. Martin, up ahead is the largest rest stop on this route. It has a wide variety of dining options."
She had already checked the route before they left, knowing exactly where the rest stops were. Compared to her attentiveness, the other two male colleagues were somewhat passive.
Although their roles were well-defined, it was clear that in situations like this, being attentive and thoughtful mattered more. After all, this was a rare opportunity to travel on business with Joe, and everyone wanted to showcase their skills.
The two men glanced at Priscilla.
Priscilla had been very proactive. Given her capabilities, it was no surprise that she had successfully completed the selection process and was accompanying them.
The two men exchanged looks, sensing that Priscilla's motivations might not be entirely professional.
"Mm," Joe acknowledged with a brief nod but said nothing more.
Lucas briefly looked at Priscilla sitting next to him before returning his focus on the road.
Priscilla subtly curled the corners of her lips into a smile.
et
The rest stop was bustling with travelers, and several cars were parked in the lot. It resembled a small shopping mall, offering a variety of dining options and shops. The group made their way to sandwich shop, where they ordered a selection of customized sandwiches, salads, and snacks. 
Dal
"Mr. Martin, would you like some dressing for your salad?" Priscilla asked, getting up to prepare the sauce. She turned to Joe for confirmation.
Joe glanced up but said nothing. Lucas, ever attentive, quickly responded, "I know what Mr. Martin prefers. I'll take care of it."
Priscilla's smile froze for a moment, but she quickly adjusted herself and nodded with a smile. "Sure."
Joe often enjoyed sandwiches at
et
home. When Skylar had time, she and Edgar would prepare them together. Even Vivian would join in, making tiny sandwiches with her
little hands far more skillfully than he could. 
UMS
But the sandwiches they were eating now didn't compare. After a few bites, Joe lost his appetite.
He took out his phone and snapped a picture, sending it to Skylar with a message. "Not tasty. I miss the sandwich you made."
"Mr. Martin, would you like some
et
yogurt drink?" Lucas handed him a bottle
yogurt drink, one that doe
typically had. It was usually stocked in the car. 
én.kikistories.com
Lucas had learned that Skylar and Vivian liked the yogurt drink, so Joe had started drinking it as well.
Joe took the bottle, opened it, and took a few sips.
Priscilla, who was sitting nearby, was slightly surprised. She thought, "Mr. Martin likes yogurt drink? Didn't Mr. Ziegler say he only drank coffee?"
###chapter1675
 
Priscilla could sense the subtle tension radiating from Paul. As Joe's assistant, he was fiercely protective of his position and would never allow anyone to surpass him.
To the employees at Martin Group, Paul was a fixture steadfast and dependable. Having earned Joe's trust and been entrusted with significant responsibilities, he was the of envy. Many wished they could be in his shoes.
For Priscilla, learning about these small details of Joe's life was incredibly valuable. Unfortunately, Paul hadn't shared much in the way of details. She had worked hard to establish a relationship with Paul, using subtle methods to get closer to him. Yet, it seemed her efforts had been in vain. However, she did learn one key detail-Joe's preferred brand of yogurt drink. Moving forward, she made a mental note to keep some stocked in the office, and whenever she passed by a convenience store on her way to work, she'd pick up a bottle for him.
After finishing their meal, they rested briefly before resuming their journey. The drive was quiet, as Joe preferred peace, and no one spoke unless absolutely necessary for work.
Even on the road, each of them had tasks to attend to. By the time they reached the hotel, it was already 10:00 pm.
After checking in, Priscilla noticed that Joe had been assigned the presidential suite while she and her two male colleagues were on the same floor. Once settled, she immediately went to take a shower and changed into more comfortable clothes. Then, she grabbed a bag and left.
Taking the elevator to Joe's suite, she felt a twinge of nervousness with each step. But her experience and training helped her regain her composure quickly.
She knocked gently on the door. After waiting for about two or three minutes, it opened.
Joe stood in the doorway, holding his phone and in the middle of a video call. His face had no soft expression, indicating that he wasn't speaking to Skylar.
He glanced at Priscilla and asked, "What's the matter?"
A man's voice came from the phone, "Someone still needs to talk to you this late?"
From the tone, it was clear that the
person wasn't someone Priscilla knew. She hadn't expected her timing to be so unfortunate, catching Joe right in the middle of a video call. 
Priscilla hesitated, then spoke quickly, "I noticed that you seemed to have a sore throat, and with the season changing, you might catch a cold if you're not careful. I found a pharmacy on my way and had them send over some medicine. 
"It's a powdered supplement. I've used it before, and it worked well for me. I won't keep you any longer. Goodnight."
She handed over the bag and started to leave, but Joe didn't take it.
Her outstretched hand lingered awkwardly in the air. "Mr. Martin?"
"No need for it. Take it back," Joe said, then closed the door.
Priscilla's face turned pale in an instant. She hadn't expected her first personal interaction with Joe to go so poorly.
She had carefully researched the
net
medicine online, and it had been highly recommended. To have her thoughtful gesture fall flat was disappointing. 
She took a deep breath. Not wanting to linger at the door, she quickly left.
Inside the presidential suite, Joe's video call continued.
Jeremy's voice, laced with amusement, asked, "Did you bring your female assistant on this business trip?"
"What are you implying?" Joe raised an eyebrow.
The two had been friends for years, and sometimes, they could read each other's thoughts before the words even left their mouths.
###chapter1676
 
Jeremy chuckled. "Sending medicine at midnight? On the surface, it seems like concern from an employee to a boss, but there's always more to it. My experience is something you should learn from. Don't do something you'll regret."
Although time could heal many things, the scars left behind weren't so easily erased. The innocent feelings he had once kept buried in his heart would never return in this lifetime.
Some things, once lost, were lost forever.
Joe's face darkened. "It won't happen."
Hearing Joe say it wouldn't happen, Jeremy nodded. He wouldn't believe anyone else, but he trusted Joe's word completely.
Besides...
"She misjudged the way to get your attention. Anyone who knows you well knows you don't like taking medicine."
Jeremy couldn't help but smile as he mentioned Joe's well-known dislike of medicine. The CEO of Martin Group hated medicine the most.
Even Skylar, at times, found Joe's aversion to medicine amusing. But someone actively sending medicine to him was just asking to be disliked. After all, there was only one Skylar in the world.
Joe furrowed his brows at the mention of medicine, clearly annoyed. "It's late. Goodnight."
"Alright," Jeremy replied.
The next morning, Skylar had just dropped off Vivian at the kindergarten when she received an international call from Natalie. "Skylar, do you miss me?"
Since Natalie had moved to Fachington with her children and Austin two years ago, she rarely came back. During this time, Natalie's parents had visited her in Fachington.
It wasn't that Natalie didn't miss home; she had simply been pregnant.
Half a year ago, she gave birth to twin boys and was now a mother of three. Austin had all but retired from the entertainment industry, taking on part of the family business, while Natalie entrusted her domestic career to professionals. 
Due to their time differences and busy schedules, Skylar and Natalie rarely had the chance to talk on the phone. Instead, they mostly
communicated through What
exchanging short messages about their lives, checking in on each other, and sharing a few updates. 
After all, their lives had entered a new phase.
The identity of "mom" had been added to their roles.
"Of course I miss you. Are you coming back soon?" Skylar asked.
Natalie sighed. "I can't come back for now. Austin is too busy, and the twins are still little. But when Vivian has her summer break, won't you be free too? Why not come to Fachington?"
In truth, Natalie still hadn't warmed to living in Fachington.
She could live there temporarily, but after a while, she always found herself missing home. Thankfully, whenever she craved something from home, her parents would mail it to her.
Austin had hired chefs skilled in domestic dishes so she could always get a taste of home. Still, she missed Skylar.
"I've already made plans with Mona for the summer. She has arranged a few things. But I'll come to visit you during the winter break. I'll bring Vivian with me," Skylar replied, feeling a little regretful.
It had been two years since they last saw each other, and she really missed Natalie.
Although Natalie felt the same
regret, hearing that they would meet
in the winter cheered her up. "Okay great! I'll be waiting for you during winter break. By the way, I've opened a few Floan restaurants here in Fachington, and business is doing well. I'll make sure you get food just like you would at home." 
"You're a true powerhouse expanding your business empire wherever you go," Skylar said with a smile.
Natalie, never one to be modest in front of Skylar, laughed. "Of course! Do you know who I am? Nothing can stop me, whether it's men or kids. I'll keep moving forward."
Just then, Skylar vaguely heard other voices in the background of Natalie's phone.
Lorelei Page said, "Mrs. Powell? It is you! I thought I was seeing things. The other day, I mistook someone else for you, and it was awkward."
###chapter1677
 
Skylar heard Natalie respond in a noticeably cold tone. "Oh, mistaking someone is understandable," she replied curtly.
Lorelei, on the other end, seemed unfazed, continuing with an almost gossipy enthusiasm. "It's just that this person was seen entering a hotel with Mr. Powell. Her clothing style, even her hairstyle, looked almost exactly like yours. I even went up and greeted her as Mrs. Powell. It was so embarrassing!"
Her words, especially certain phrases, were enough to make anyone frown. Natalie was silent for a few seconds.
Skylar frowned when she heard that. Stopping at a red light, she lightly stepped on the brake and glanced at her phone.
"Quite the coincidence," Natalie finally said.
Perhaps it was Natalie's indifferent attitude that made Lorelei, who had been eager to watch the drama unfold, lose interest. After awkwardly laughing a couple of times, she quickly wrapped up the conversation and said goodbye.
Natalie paused briefly, her thoughts elsewhere, before switching back to a cheerful tone and chatting with Skylar again. "I just ran into an annoying person. I should've stayed home. The malls here aren't even that good."
Skylar didn't probe further, only chuckling along. "Well, when you're back, we'll go shopping properly."
"Deal! I'll try to make a trip back next year." Natalie's tone brightened, full of longing for home. She missed it dearly.
The two chatted for a while longer, but something was clearly off with Natalie. She ended the call sooner than usual.
Skylar noticed but refrained from asking. She knew Natalie would share if she wanted to.
After all, they had both been through a lot, faced countless challenges, and grown stronger because of them. Natalie was living in a foreign country, surrounded by people and experiences Skylar couldn't fully grasp.
Asking too many questions would only burden her further. Besides, Skylar had faith in Austin's love for Natalie.
After hanging up, Natalie sat silently for a moment, staring at her phone with a distant expression. Her thoughts churned before she finally grabbed the new designer handbag she had just purchased and left the mall.
Once she got into the car, she instructed the driver decisively. "Take me to Austin's office."
The mall was conveniently close to the office, and they arrived in just over ten minutes.
When Natalie arrived at Austin's company, the employees immediately recognized her. After all, she had been there a few months ago.
Though Natalie respected Austin's career, she wasn't particularly interested in the details of his work. Their common ground lay in shared values and interests, not business discussions.
With three children and similar hobbies, their private conversations were more often about parenting strategies and finding ways to unwind together.
When Natalie visited Austin at the office previously, it was usually for practical reasons. He had forgotten something at home, or she was bringing him soup from the chef to ease his frequent stomach discomfort. 
S
She never felt the need to check up on him. As far as she was concerned if a marriage devolved into constant surveillance and mistrust, it would lose all meaning.
However, today, Natalie wasn't here to check on Austin but to identify the person who had been stirring up trouble. She was never the type to endure humiliation without retaliating.
Several employees greeted her with a respectful "Mrs. Powell" as she walked in.
Knowing exactly where Austin's
office was, she headed straight for the elevator. Just as the doors began to close, she overheard someone murmuring, "Diana does look just like Mrs. Powell... 
Natalie thought, "Diana?"
This name had been mentioned several times recently. Lorelei had even used it to provoke her earlier that day. It made sense.
The Clusian community in
et
Fachington was relatively small, consisting of the same familiar faces. Everyone seemed to know someone connected to someone else, creating an intricate web of relationships. 
News spread quickly in their tight-knit expat community. Anything that happened to someone was common knowledge in no time.
Natalie had no patience for idle chats or people who thrived on gossip. She had plenty to focus on and no time to waste on meaningless small talk.
###chapter1678
 
Natalie wondered whether Diana Eland was truly able to come and go from the hotel with Austin.
Soon, Natalie arrived at Austin's office. She hadn't even stepped inside yet when she saw a young woman holding a cup of coffee enter ahead of her.
In a sweet, almost coquettish voice, the woman said, "Mr. Powell, here's your coffee, just as you requested-no sugar."
The sound of her voice was one most men could hardly resist. No matter how guarded their hearts were, they would soften a little.
Natalie raised an eyebrow, watching closely for Austin's reaction. After all, Austin was a man.
Their relationship had been stable for years, and with three children now, they knew each other even better. As time went on, the passion naturally faded. Some people couldn't help but get distracted, glancing at something or someone else in those moments.
Even if that person was far from perfect, curiosity would always draw them in as long as they were given a novel experience.
Austin didn't even look up. He simply hummed in acknowledgment.
Diana bit her lip and lowered her voice. "My parents are arranging a blind date for me, but I don't want to go. You know, I've liked you since middle school."
Natalie froze. "Damn!"
Natalie was instantly alert.
She couldn't believe her luck. While others had spent ages trying to catch someone in the act without success, here she was, barely arriving, and already witnessing the whole situation unfold before her eyes.
"I'm married. You can leave now," Austin said, his voice firm and cold.
Natalie had been married to Austin for years, so she knew his temper. He might not show it now, but she could tell he was running out of patience. She couldn't help but wonder who this Diana was.
Diana didn't seem to notice anyone else outside the office watching them. "I know you're married, but so what? I don't think she's right for you. I've heard she's been married before. You know how hard I worked to get into your company.
"My parents didn't approve, and even my sister-in-law only helped me because she couldn't stand my persistence. Austin, I've been waiting for you.
"I couldn't show it before because
you had a fiancée. But when that ended, thought I had a chance. But then, you got married again. I've been waiting for you, and I'm already over 30 and still single." 
Diana spoke with deep affection as she expressed her love.
Natalie blinked, not doubting Austin's charm for a second. Back in the country, he had a large following of fans, each more passionate than the last. Diana's words were the k kind that could easily be spoken by many of these crazy fans. 
Suddenly, something clicked in her mind, and she realized who Diana was. Years ago, when she and Austin had just married, his cousin had brought a woman to visit.
That woman's name was Diana Eland, and she claimed to be Austin's high school classmate.
Natalie couldn't help but wonder if Diana truly resembled her.
But something didn't quite add up. She remembered that Diana's style, both in appearance and fashion, was more Osturian, quite different from hers. Just as she was lost in her thoughts, Austin frowned and replied, "Did I keep you waiting? Get out."
"Austin! You know everything, so why are you treating me like this?" Diana shouted, stomping her foot in frustration. She looked utterly hurt as if Austin had deeply betrayed her.
As she stormed out of the office, her eyes suddenly widened when she spotted Natalie standing there.
Natalie met her gaze directly.
However, that one glance made her
wonder if she had mistaken the person. The Diana standing in
of her now had a similar fashion
n
sense even wearing the same brand of clothing that Natalie had favored for the last couple of years. 
Her hairstyle and makeup were also strikingly similar.
"You... You were eavesdropping!" Diana stammered.
Natalie smirked. "I was listening openly, knowing that you were trying to steal my husband."
###chapter1679
Diana hadn't interacted much with Natalie before, so she didn't know what kind of person Natalie was.
Now, upon their first encounter, Natalie bluntly spoke her mind without hesitation.
This made Diana immediately flush with embarrassment. "What nonsense are you talking about?"
"I heard you with my own ears that you said you've been waiting for my husband since middle school and then eagerly chased after him. But now that I see you, I'm starting to doubt your words.
"With your outfit and makeup almost identical to mine, I wonder if it's not my husband you're after but me instead!" Natalie quipped with a sarcastic smile.
The similarities in style didn't seem like a big deal at first. But copying her every move while trying to seduce her husband? That was outright disgusting.
Austin glanced over and was surprised to see Natalie. He walked over to her immediately.
Natalie rolled her eyes at Austin. Even though she was confident that he wouldn't betray her, seeing Diana still made her uncomfortable.
"Austin, look at her! She actually said such things about me! We were childhood sweethearts. Who is she to insult me like that?" Diana cried out in anger and grievance.
No one had ever dared speak to her this way before. Even if she had humbled herself to work as a lowly assistant for Austin, the employees at the company didn't dare mistreat her.
They knew she had a backing, unlike the regular employees.
Natalie was utterly speechless. "Are you playing the victim now? What's there to cry about? If you actually became Austin's mistress today, I wouldn't even blink before handing him over to you."
"You... You!" Diana was so furious she couldn't even form a proper sentence.
Hearing Natalie's words about handing him over, Austin frowned and looked at her. "She was placed here by someone, and it's temporarily impossible to dismiss her."
"Austin! Why are you even explaining this to her? I'm not like her. I'm no ordinary person. I have my family backing me. What does she have?" Diana said disdainfully, clearly looking down on Natalie's background.
How could a divorced, ordinary woman possibly marry Austin? It was humiliating!
She had never been so embarrassed in her life. Many people had mocked her for not even being on the list of potential matches for Austin.
Even when there was no one else ahead of her, she still wouldn't have a chance. She refused to accept it!
"She has me," Austin said coldly.
Natalie was very pleased with his
response. "You're right. I can't compare to you. Besides my parents, you've got a whole parade of stepmothers of every shape and size. Your family is indeed enormous. That's something I'll never match in my lifetime." 
She had heard about Diana's family situation. Diana's father was notoriously amorous, openly keeping mistresses and fathering over 20 illegitimate children.
Recently, he had even made headlines for supporting an 18-year-old model from Fachington.
But people were already used to such scandals.
Diana was livid, her eyes wide with rage. "You! Do you really think your position is secure just because you've had three children with
Austin? I don't believe Austin will stay with you forever!" 
Natalie chuckled. "Even if he loses feelings for me, there'll still be plenty of young
and beautiful women for him to choose from. You wouldn't even stand a chance!"
She was pragmatic about such things.
If Austin ever fell out of love with her, they would simply divorce and go their separate ways. If she ever felt lonely, there would be no shortage of fresh-faced young men eager for her attention. 
No one in this world was truly indispensable.
Austin's frown deepened, sensing a hint of danger.
"You! You!" Diana was so angry that she forgot how to cry altogether. Her twisted expression made her face look ugly.
Natalie sighed. "That's all you ever say. If I were you, I'd leave immediately instead of staying here to watch me and my husband being lovey-dovey."
"Shameless! We're still at work!" Diana snapped, her face contorting further at the mention of that.
###chapter1680
Diana dreamed of being intimate with Austin.
Before Austin returned, she obsessively watched the movies, TV shows, and even the variety programs he had appeared in. She would repeatedly watch any clip featuring Austin, imagining herself as the leading lady in the scenes.
Even though she knew Austin and Natalie had always had a strong relationship and even had three children together, she couldn't help but fall for him.
To her, Austin's existence rendered all other men mere background characters. How could she possibly settle for someone else?
"What's wrong with that? Are the boss' wife and kids not allowed to show him some love?" Natalie said, unimpressed.
Hearing the word "wife," Diana's face turned crimson with rage. "You! You!" She couldn't say anything more, turning her eyes toward Austin instead.
"I refuse to believe you don't have even a sliver of feelings for me! I've changed so much for you-it's impossible for you to be completely indifferent!
"Since Natalie is here, why don't you tell the truth? Have you ever liked me? Am I not different from everyone else in your eyes?"
She didn't believe that Austin didn't have the slightest affection for her.
During their school days, they had even been desk mates. After spending so
much time together, how could he feel nothing at all?
Natalie also turned her gaze to Austin.
However, Austin remained expressionless when he said, "You're not different from others."
Five words. That was all it took to shatter Diana's delusions.
Her long-standing fantasy, built on self-deception, was obliterated by Austin in an instant. And it happened in front of Natalie, no less. It felt like a knife straight to her heart.
"No difference? You're saying I'm no different from anyone else? I don't accept that! Natalie is clearly inferior to me in every way! Why do you love her?" Diana cried as she demanded answers.
"Because she's Natalie. You can leave now," Austin's voice was cold, and his patience had worn thin.
If Diana still couldn't see how uninterested Austin was in her, then she truly was blind.
She looked at Austin and then at Natalie.
Natalie initially wanted to say something, but she suddenly felt pity for Diana.
A woman's youth was short-how many more years did she have? Diana had wasted so much of her time, trapping herself in an illusion she couldn't escape. In the end all she had been waiting for was a figment of her own imagination. 
Why make life harder for another woman?
The words Natalie had intended to say no longer seemed necessary.
"I... I... Austin, listen to me! I won't
come looking for you again! You'net
regret
You'll regret losing e
e who loves you as much as do! 
"If you come crawling back to me one day, won't even look at you Austin, you'll regret this! No one in the world will ever love you like 'I do! No, starting today, I don't love you anymore!" 
After crying and yelling, Diana turned and ran off.
However, just as she reached the elevator, she paused and looked back at Austin.
She caught sight of him leaning toward Natalie, speaking softly to her.
She didn't need to see his eyes to know that they were filled only with Natalie.
Austin clearly didn't care whether Diana was really leaving.
Diana's face turned pale as she gritted her teeth and stepped into the elevator. She wouldn't give up so easily!
"Natalie, just you wait!"
###chapter1681
On the set, the scene of an intense battle had just wrapped.
Charles' face and body were covered in a layer of black soot. He couldn't clean his face as he still had some scenes later. However, his nose felt a bit uncomfortable as it was filled with soot as well.
Just as he was about to use a cotton swab to clean it, he looked up and saw Skylar. Surprised and delighted, he quickly walked over.
"When did you get here? Why didn't you let me know?"
"I came to visit someone nearby-they needed my help with something. On my way back, I remembered you mentioned you were filming here, so I thought I'd drop by. Are you hurt?"
Skylar looked at Charles' disheveled appearance with some concern. She had just witnessed how challenging the scene had been.
Charles, determined to make it as realistic as possible, had refused to use a stunt double. He likely had some injuries.
Charles was used to such situations. So he just waved her concerns away. "It's nothing serious. Maybe just some bruises. The next scene isn't mine, so I can rest for a bit. Come, let me show you around."
As an actor, if one was afraid of pain and or injuries and relied on stunt doubles all the time, then what was the point of acting?
"Sure."
Skylar looked curiously at the set nearby. Seeing how war scenes were filmed in person was truly impressive. This production had a particularly large number of extras. They were resting everywhere.
Almost all of them greeted Charles when they saw him.
Charles had a great relationship with them, cheerfully responding and announcing he had ordered smoothies for everyone.
Charles himself had started as an extra, climbing step by step to his current position. For many extras, he was an inspiration, a symbol of hope to keep striving.
"See that over there? We'll be filming there tomorrow. I'll be here for the next half month," Charles said, pointing to a set in the distance.
Skylar nodded. "It's all gunfights and explosions. Please be careful not to get hurt."
"Don't worry. The crew is very professional-there won't be any danger," Charles reassured her.
"By the way, do you know what's going on with Harvey's girlfriend?" he asked.
Harvey had been tight-lipped about it until he suddenly brought a girlfriend home for Janine's birthday. Because of this, Charles had been ignoring Harvey.
Still, his curiosity was undeniable.
"Harvey told me they met at a competition. They kept in touch by WhatsApp and eventually bumped into each other at a few gatherings. Their relationship naturally developed from there. 
"It's stable now. The young woman is a civil servant with a steady job, and she likes gaming in her free time," Skylar explained.
Charles chuckled and then scoffed, "He's always telling me he's staying single for life and would never get a girlfriend. And now, out of nowhere, he secretly gets one!"
"Judging by Harvey's demeanor, he seems to really like Alina," Skylar said with a smile.
In their family, Charles had always been the one with a childish personality. He might say he was upset, but deep down, he was just concerned that Harvey's girlfriend might not be good enough 
Charles rolled his eyes. "Of course he likes her. If he didn't, would he have brought her home on Mom's birthday?
"I bet the next time he comes back, he'll announce he's getting married. No wonder he told me a while ago that he bought a new villa and was planning to renovate it soon it must
be their future home!"
Suddenly, Charles felt a pang of realization—he was now the odd one out, the
lone wolf in the family.
###chapter1682
"Harvey seems to be considering that. He's been looking for a suitable designer recently," Skylar remarked, suddenly feeling that Charles might also be close to
finding a partner.
Charles rolled his eyes. "They haven't been together long, right? Isn't it too rushed to start planning for marriage already?"
"Preparing for marriage is a good thing," Skylar replied.
She thought Harvey planned his life carefully. Since he had confirmed his relationship with Alina, it was clear he was thinking about the future. Making plans now would prevent chaos when the time for marriage came.
Charles didn't comment further. Either way, he didn't feel like talking about Harvey right now.
"Charles, are you jealous that Harvey got a girlfriend before you?" Skylar teased, her eyes twinkling with mischief.
Charles' eyes widened as he quickly defended himself. "Jealous of him? What's there to be jealous about? And who says I can't find a girlfriend? If I wanted one, I could get one in no time. I just don't want to. Got it? I just don't want to!"
Skylar nodded with a grin. "I believe you. Women who like you could circle Jipsburg a few times."
"Exactly! Look at me I've got over a hundred million followers. Finding a girlfriend is going to be easy." Charles lifted his chin proudly.
Skylar continued smiling and nodding.
However, the more Charles talked, the more uncertain he felt.
Sure, he had a massive fan base, and he was undoubtedly one of the hottest actors right now. Many actresses were eager to work with him. Every project he starred in was highly sought after by major platforms.
But he just hadn't met someone who made his heart race. Settling for someone just to end his single life wasn't appealing either. He didn't want to force any relationships.
So, finding a girlfriend wasn't as easy as he said. Sometimes, he couldn't help but wonder if there was something wrong with his preferences. 
Yet, during those moments of self-doubt, he realized he had zero interest in men.
"If you're not in a rush, how about staying for dinner? I can cook in my trailer," Charles suggested, quickly changing the topic.
Skylar glanced at her watch. "No, thanks. Joe is coming back from his business trip today. He'll be home in about an hour."
"Fine, fine! I'll just have dinner all by myself then." Charles' mouth twitched.
Now that everyone had their own families, it was obvious they were all busy with their personal lives even though they would still meetup Occasionally. 
As for him, it was just work and more work. Going home felt pointless since it was just him alone.
Watching Skylar's figure grow smaller in the distance, Charles suddenly felt a spark of longing Maybe his life needed something different-perhaps it was time to give it a shot. 
Traffic on the highway was heavy today, especially as they approached the exit. The congestion was worse up ahead.
Joe glanced at his watch. It looked like he wouldn't make it home on time, and his expression grew colder with a hint of irritation.
"Mr. Martin, I bought this yogurt drink at the last rest stop," Priscilla said, handing
a bottle of yogurt drink to him from the front seat.
She didn't expect to spend these two days without any chance to get closer to Joe.
His schedule was packed with late-night work, leaving no room for anything else. Moreover, he gave her no opportunities at all.
###chapter1683
Over the past two days, Priscilla suddenly realized why so many socialites in Jipsburg, despite having numerous opportunities to meet Joe, never managed to get closer to him.
It was because Joe never gave anyone a chance-there wasn't even the smallest opening to exploit.
For example, when she handed him the yogurt drink, Joe merely glanced at it and coldly declined.
The driver gave Priscilla a sidelong glance.
Feeling slightly embarrassed, Priscilla's face warmed, but she forced a smile as she took the yogurt drink back.
Once the car exited the highway, Joe suddenly spoke, "Ms. Dunn, you'll return to your original role from the day after tomorrow."
Priscilla was shocked and looked at him in disbelief. "Mr. Martin, did I do something wrong?"
The two male colleagues in the car exchanged glances. They had been passive throughout this trip. As men, they didn't have the option of using charm to gain favor and focused solely on doing their jobs perfectly to avoid mistakes.
Priscilla, on the other hand, was ambitious, attractive, and had an impressive résumé. Although the other two might have had strong credentials, they weren't
women.
However, it turned out Joe wasn't swayed by beauty in the slightest.
Now, he just Priscilla back to her original role-much to their surprise.
"You're better suited to your previous position," Joe replied, but his response provided no real explanation.
Priscilla's face turned pale instantly. "I..."
She wanted to defend herself and persuade him to reconsider, but when she met Joe's cold, piercing gaze, she found herself unable to say anything.
Over the past two days, her intentions had been clear to him, and he was well aware of what she was trying to achieve. Thus, he responded by deciding to transfer her back.
The realization that she had lost this opportunity left her feeling resentful, but she was more afraid of losing her job entirely.
In Jipsburg, there was no better or more prestigious workplace than Martin Group.
This time, she had acted too hastily. She refused to believe there wouldn't be other chances in the future.
And she couldn't accept the idea that Joe's feelings for Skylar would remain unwavering.
...
Half a month later, Skylar was out shopping with Janine one day.
In a few days, Janine would be attending an event with Ted and needed a new gown. After finalizing the dress, the mother and daughter pair wandered around a nearby mall for a bit. 
They had just sat down for coffee to take a break when Skylar received a call from an unfamiliar international number.
Seeing the unfamiliar number, she suddenly had a feeling that the caller might be Wendy.
"Skylar," a soft voice said on the other end, confirming her guess.
"How have you been?" Skylar asked gently.
Wendy's tone was relaxed when she answered with a hint of laughter, "I'm doing great. Thank you for your concern.
"Leaving Jipsburg has been
incredibly freeing, and I've gained a lot of clarity about my life. I'm truly sorry for leaving without a word and not replying to your messages." 
"As long as you're doing well, that's all that matters. You haven't let anyone
down," Skylar reassured her warmly.
What a kind-hearted young woman. Despite being deeply hurt after several years
of devotion, she still felt guilty toward those around her.
Skylar didn't know if Aiken would
regret his a actions in the future, but it
was undoubtedly his loss for hurting a wonderful young woman like Wendy. 
Wendy continued, "I haven't contacted Simona, Skylar. Please don't tell her about
me. Let her think I've truly disappeared."
###chapter1684
Skylar remained silent for a few seconds before responding. "Alright." She decided to respect Wendy's decision.
"The relationship between Aiken and me wasn't as pure and beautiful as it might seem. I knew he didn't really like me, but I clung to him, relying on my connection with Simona, and kept pestering him.
"In doing so, I wasted his time and prevented him from pursuing someone he truly loved. I've seen him with Zera, and I can tell he has feelings for her. So, my departure is best for everyone," Wendy explained.
Even though her relationship with Aiken ended this way, she didn't want others to think of him as someone who cheated.
From the start, they both knew their relationship wouldn't lead to a happy ending. She admitted she was wrong for emotionally pressuring him, so now that they'd parted ways, she hoped they could move on and find peace.
She was also determined to pursue her own life.
Skylar didn't know what to say. Wendy truly was a young woman with a beautiful heart.
"Skylar, I'm really happy now. I've found a place I love, and I plan to settle down here. If there's ever a chance in the future, I'll invite you over," Wendy said, her words filled with serenity and hope for the future.
She had genuinely let go of the past.
Despite her younger years being marked by selfishly pursuing Aiken, she hadn't neglected her career.
She had saved enough money to achieve financial independence, so she could live each day as she wished.
Moreover, she wasn't alone. She would soon have her own family-her baby was due soon.
Skylar, infected by her optimism, smiled and said, "Alright. I look forward to the day we can meet again."
After ending the call, Wendy stood up. Her belly had grown noticeably larger this month.
She had just had a prenatal checkup, and the doctor said her baby was healthy. However, the doctor also advised her to take better care of herself.
Wendy already knew her body wasn't in the best condition. She had pushed herself too hard at work over the years, and the past year had been especially draining due to her relationship with Aiken.
The combined mental and physical toll had left her exhausted.
But now, she was determined to live well.
She wouldn't let herself or her baby down. She wanted to be a good mother even if she couldn't provide her child with a father's love-she would ensure her child was surrounded by her love. 
Turning back to look at the house being remodeled, she smiled gently.
...
Zera sat pitifully on the doorstep, looking like an abandoned puppy in front of the Parkinson's villa.
It had just rained lightly, and she hadn't used an umbrella, letting the rain soak her.
The maids had told her Aiken wasn't home, but she didn't believe them.
Aiken hadn't contacted her for a while.
Calle de hadn't responded to h r messages, and there et
no new acting opportunities for her. 
She realized Aiken might be preparing to abandon her. Was it because she had
gone to see Wendy? Or was it because of Simona?
She needed an answer.
She couldn't lose Aiken. She loved him.
As she waited pathetically, a car's headlights swept across her.
Zera looked up and saw Aiken stepping out of the car.
"Aiken, are you abandoning me?" she immediately stood up, crying pitifully as she asked.
Aiken had been notified an hour ago that Zera was waiting for him. Despite being told he wasn't home, she had stubbornly stayed.
He frowned when he saw Zera.
However, Zer?, seemingly oblivious to his displeasure, walked toward him and cried, "You were the one who approached me and said I was adorable and made me fall for you. So why are you ignoring me now? Are you leaving me?" 
###chapter1685
Zera knew exactly how pitiful and heart-wrenching she appeared right now. She also knew this was what Aiken liked.
Men often had a streak of masculinity that made them want to protect vulnerable women. After spending so much time acting and reading countless scripts, Zera understood what appealed to men.
Aiken looked at Zera standing before him, but what he saw was a fleeting image of Wendy. For a moment, he was silent.
Seeing his lack of response, Zera's heart filled with panic. "Aiken... I'm really afraid—afraid that you'll leave me. Please don't ignore me. Please don't stop talking to me.
"I might have done something wrong, but I can change. I'll try not to make mistakes in the future, and I won't upset you anymore. Please?"
Her tone was humble, pleading. Surely, no matter how hard his heart was, it would soften now?
"Wow, that's some of the worst acting I've seen all year. Aiken, if you liked this type, you should've said so earlier. Why waste so many years of Wendy's time? But only you could stomach someone like this. Just the sight of her makes me feel nauseous."
A sharp, mocking voice came from behind them.
Aiken turned and frowned even deeper when he saw Simona standing there.
Zera's face flushed with embarrassment.
She hated Simona with a passion. That young lady had no filter, always tearing her down without mercy and making her look bad.
And why couldn't Simona stay out of Aiken's business? He was an adult, capable of making his own choices. As his sister, couldn't she just keep her distance? Did she have to meddle and ruin things between them?
Zera was sure that if Simona hadn't appeared, Aiken would have hugged her, wiped the tears from her face, and taken her into his home-his fortress behind them.
"Why are you back today?" Aiken asked, his tone laced with irritation.
Simona crossed her arms and smirked. "What? This is my home. Am I not allowed to come back? Or is my timing inconvenient? Did I interrupt something important?
"A melodramatic performance like this would probably work on most men. There's a gazebo right there where she could've stayed dry, but no-she had to get drenched.
"Aiken, if you wanted entertainment, you should've said so earlier. I recently met an opera actress-she's brilliant in every way, from her voice to heracting. I guarantee her performance would help you distinguish between good and bad acting." 
Her tone dripped with disdain as she glared at Zera.
She couldn't stand that woman—pretentious, manipulative, always playing the same games on her brother.
If Aiken wanted to fool around with someone like this, so be it-it was his choice. But to bully Wendy and then put on this revolting display in front of their home? That was too much.
It was disgusting, and she wasn't afraid to call it out.
"It's not what you think," Aiken said, frowning.
Zera quickly added, "Yes, it's not what you think. I'm not as scheming as you imagine. I just love Aiken and want to be with him. Is it wrong to love someone? If it is, then I admit my mistake. But please, don't let your feelings for me cause a rift between you and Aiken."
"I don't drink tea, so go boil some somewhere else," Simona snapped coldly.
Then she turned to her brother. "Aiken, if you want to fool around, do it elsewhere. You have another property nearby, the one with large windows. That's perfect for playing house. But don't dirty my home. If you do, I'll burn it down."
With that, she walked over to Zera, shoved her aside, and hissed, "Get lost. How dare you sit in my place?"
Then she kicked over the small bench.
"Simona!" Aiken barked in a stern tone.
Zera, seemingly frightened,
stammered, ... I'm sorry. I'm not dirty-I just got a little wet from the rain. I didn't even notice it was raining earlier because I was so focused on Aiken and thinking about whether I'd done something wrong. If you hate me this muchpl... I can only apologize. I'm truly sorry." 
She played the innocent victim perfectly, like a helpless little bunny.
###chapter1686
Zera's performance outshone all previous efforts.
"I bought this bench. I'll use it however I want. Stop acting here. Aiken, take her and leave immediately. Otherwise, if I lose my temper and my depression kicks in, I might really burn this house down.
"Maybe I'll even kill myself to go find Wendy. That would be way better than sitting here, sickened by the two of you," Simona sneered coldly.
Didn't Aiken want to yell at her? Fine. They could hurt each other. What did she have to fear?
Anyone she didn't like would never, ever step through this door in her lifetime!
The mention of "depression" instantly extinguished the flicker of anger in Aiken's eyes. But the words "suicide" and "Wendy" made him quickly step forward, gripping Simona's arm tightly. "Do you know where Wendy is? Did she commit suicide?"
"She doesn't even want you-why would she contact me? Even if she did, I wouldn't have the face to talk to her. I was talking about myself wanting to commit suicide.
"Wendy wouldn't end her life over a man. She's capable of building a better life for herself why would she choose to die? I just thought dying sounds more fun. Living is disgusting." Simona smirked, her tone flippant.
She wasn't afraid of provoking Aiken. The two of them had depended on each other for so many years that they knew each other inside out.
Her frequent thoughts of suicide came from a genuine belief that life held little meaning. The only reason she kept going was to avoid hurting Aiken and worrying her friends.
For the past two years, she had been quietly seeing a therapist. Her depression hadn't improved, but she had managed to suppress her suicidal urges.
Now that she had spoken openly about it, she felt an odd sense of relief.
Zera, meanwhile, rolled her eyes internally. Suicide? As if anyone would believe that.
"You should leave," Aiken said suddenly, turning to Zera.
Zera froze. "Aiken, I..."
Leave? Was he serious?
Aiken was someone who had seen every trick and every kind of person. And yet, he believed Simona's claim of suicidal thoughts? Or was he still hung up on Wendy? 
Wendy's disappearance had really been a clever move. Zera bet that if Simona had not been around, Wendy wouldn't have dared pull off a vanishing act. 
Unlike Wendy, Zera would never disappear. She knew the risks-too many people were waiting to take her place, too many envious of her relationship with Aiken. 
"Take her home," Aiken instructed Wilbur.
"Understood," Wilbur replied.
Zera bit her lip, her gaze flitting back to Aiken. When she saw that he wouldn't even look at her, she had no choice but to follow Wilbur to the car.
She figured she could use this opportunity to meet him again in their usual spots later.
Simona's cold voice suddenly rang out. "Isn't that car the one I gave you, Aiken?"
She had spent ages picking out the car, wanting to give it to her Aiken as a birthday gift.
Zera stopped dead in her tracks.
Simona fixed her gaze on Aiken. "Let me ask you something-has she sat in that
car before? Did the two of you get intimate there?"
Aiken took a deep breath. "Simona..."
###chapter1687
Zera pretended to tremble in fear, her voice shaking slightly. "I... I drove myself. I'l drive back on my own. I won't take this car anymore."
The underlying meaning was clear-she had been in this car before.
Aiken frequently used this car to pick her up, and to many, it had become a symbol of Aiken over the past few years. He loved driving this car, and Zera was curious to see how Simona would react.
Even as Aiken's biological sister, there had to be limits to her behavior, right?
If she kept pushing, surely even Aiken would lose his patience. And when things got ugly, it might even damage their sibling relationship.
But then again, if that relationship really did fall apart, it might actually work in Zera's favor. It would eliminate an obstacle between her and Aiken.
Simona immediately grasped the implication. She smirked coldly and looked at her brother. "Aiken, I'm taking this car back!"
Then, turning to the driver, she said, "Wilbur, drive one of Aiken's other cars."
Wilbur froze for a moment, glanced at Aiken for confirmation, then silently stepped out of the car.
Zera hesitated, looking back at Aiken with wide, innocent eyes, as if she had done something wrong. "Aiken, I..."
But before Aiken could respond, Simona climbed into the car and began stomping on the seats.
The piercing sound of the car alarm blared through the air. No matter how expensive a car was, it couldn't withstand that kind of abuse.
However, Simona didn't stop there. She pulled out a sharp knife, one she usually carried for self-defense, and began slashing at the car's interior.
Aiken's face darkened as he watched his sister vent her frustrations.
Zera stood frozen, utterly dumbfounded. She had never imagined that Simona would go this far. She thought her tantrum would stop at barring Aiken from driving the car-not outright destroying it.
This car... There weren't many like it in the whole city of Jipsburg.
After venting her anger, Simona jumped out of the car, her face devoid of emotion. Then, she turned to look at Aiken.
The siblings stood in silence, staring at each other, as if engaged in some unspoken battle of wills.
Zera, feeling awkward, didn't want to leave but didn't know how to stay either Neither of them was paying her any attention, leaving herin an awkward limbo. 
Wilbur, standing off to the side, was visibly sweating.
These two siblings! Their tempers were both explosive-one worse than the other!
Who would dare wreck a car like that if it weren't for their family's immense wealth?
"I'm staying home tonight. You take her and leave," Simona finally said before pushing open the front door and walking inside, treating Aiken like a stranger.
Zera's eyes widened in disbelief. Simona was telling Aiken to take her away? Wasn't this essentially handing Aiken over to her?
Did Simona have a screw loose? After throwing such a fit, she was now giving up so easily?
Zera suddenly felt that if she ended up with Aiken, Simona wouldn't be a real obstacle. Sooner or later, she could sow discord and completely destroy their bond. fo 
When that day came, she wouldn't have to deal with Simona anymore.
"Aiken, I'm sorry. It's my fault for causing tension between you and your sister. I didn't expect her to
react so strongly or dislike me so much," Zera said, her eyes reddening
as tears began to fall pitifully.
Wilbur couldn't help but roll his eyes internally. This woman really didn't get it, did
she? Didn't she see what just happened?
"Wilbur, take her away," Aiken said in a low voice.
"Yes, sir," Wilbur responded immediately.
Zera was stunned. After all of Simona's chaos-tantamount to a sudden outburst
from a mental patient-Aiken still had the patience to deal with her?
###chapter1688
Did Aiken love Simona that much?
"I'll wait for you tonight. You must come to me. If you don't, I won't sleep tonight," Zera pleaded with Aiken, unwilling to give up.
Aiken glanced at her. "Not tonight."
Before Zera could respond, he turned and walked straight into the villa, leaving her standing there, speechless. He just left like that?
In the end, Wilbur drove her car instead of taking one of Aiken's other cars.
In the car, Zera couldn't hold back her curiosity and asked Wilbur in a soft and gentle tone, "Does Aiken always indulge his sister like this?"
Hearing her question, Wilbur raised his eyebrows and glanced at her through the rearview mirror, the corners of his mouth tugging into a faint smirk.
"Of course, he's going to spoil his only sister," he replied as if stating the obvious.
Even if Simona had killed Zera in a fit of rage today, Aiken would have taken the blame himself. He wouldn't ignore his own sister for another woman. Did Zera think too highly of herself?
Zera didn't notice Wilbur's expression and frowned slightly. "But today, Simona really went too far. She made things difficult for Aiken-I felt sorry for him."
Wilbur didn't respond.
She felt sorry for Aiken? That was bullshit. It was more like she felt sorry that Aiken ended up consoling his sister anyway.
Having worked alongside Aiken for years, Wilbur had practically watched him grow up. The bond between the siblings was something no outsider could compare to.
"Wilbur, after you drop me off, you're going back, right?" Zera asked.
Wilbur responded with a faint hum.
"When you see Aiken again, tell him to come find me as soon as possible. I'll be waiting for him. I won't sleep if he doesn't come," Zera said.
Wilbur began to feel annoyed.
He had initially thought Zera was a sensible woman, but now she seemed a bit dense.
When Wilbur didn't respond, Zera grew irritated. "Wilbur, did you hear what I said?"
Wilbur replied impatiently, "No one can dictate what Mr. Parkinson does. If you have something to say, tell him yourself."
He knew better than anyone else that if Simona found out he had done Zera a
favor, she would be furious. He understood his priorities perfectly.
Zera was infuriated by his attitude. "Fine! I'll tell him myself!"
"A loyal dog to Aiken, huh?" she thought angrily.
He was already so old, yet just as clueless as Simona when it came to reading the room. Weren't they afraid of offending her? She vowed to bring this up with Aiken later and have Wilbur fired! 
It was not like Aiken had only one driver. She knew he had two or three as she had seen them before. Wilbur was old anyway-he should just retire and enjoy his remaining years at home. 
As dusk approached, the sky suddenly darkened.
Thick clouds gathered, and within 20 minutes, thunder and lightning erupted alongside a raging storm.
Thankfully, Skylar had brought Vivian home an hour earlier.
Today, Edgar was busy making ravioli.
The piano teacher had arrived half an hour ago.
"Ms. Wilcher, why don't you stay for dinner tonight? You can leave after the rain stops," Skylar suggested, glancing at the storm outside and then at Thora, who was teaching Vivian. 
"Yes, yes! Ms. Wilcher, stay for dinner! Edgar's ravioli are super delicious!" Vivian
chimed in, trying to persuade her.
Thora Wilcher, a well-known piano teacher in Jipsburg, was 39 years old.
She glanced at the weather outside before hesitatingly nodding.
###chapter1689
Skylar, who enjoyed making ravioli, went to the kitchen to help Edgar.
Meanwhile, Joe was on his way home and would arrive shortly.
After a while, Vivian ran into the kitchen. "Mom, I finished my class! I want to make ravioli too!"
Vivian had been skilled with her hands since childhood. Her kindergarten had cooking classes, so she had long since learned how to make ravioli.
As such, she would always want to help whenever ravioli were being made at home.
Edgar had already prepared smaller ravioli skins. "Vivian, come here. I've got the skins ready just for you."
At that moment, Thora appeared at the kitchen door, looking hesitant. "Mrs. Martin, may I trouble you for a few minutes?"
Skylar nodded and stepped out of the kitchen.
When Thora arrived earlier, she seemed preoccupied, but Skylar hadn't thought much of it. After all, she was Vivian's piano teacher, and their private interactions were limited. Even if she wanted to show concern, directly asking her could feel intrusive.
"Mrs. Martin, I'd like you to take a look at something."
Thora retrieved a jewelry box from her bag. It looked like an ordinary jewelry box.
"I suspect this item might be cursed. My husband has been acting completely differently lately. From the moment we got together, we agreed to remain child- free for life.
"But in the past few days, ever since he received this vial-shaped emerald pendant from a friend, it's like he's become a different person. He's been insistent about having children and even wants us to do IVF.
"Ironically, he used to be the one most against having kids-even the sight of children annoyed him until recently."
Thora was candid with Skylar, holding nothing back. She knew that the only way for Skylar to help was to provide all the context.
Skylar nodded. "Let me take a look."
She took the vial-shaped emerald pendant out of the jewelry box. At first glance, it seemed no different from the kind sold by famous jewelrybrands. It was made from pure emerald and was attached to a woven black cord. 
However, the moment Skylar touched it, a vivid scene flashed through her mind.
She saw a middle-aged man in his
40s who had been married to his first wife for years, but they never had children. The village they lived in buzzed with rumors-some claimed the wife couldn't bear children, while others whispered that the man was impotent. 
The village was small, but the gossip and judging stares were unbearable for the
man.
Not long after, the wife became pregnant. Overjoyed, the man took great care of her. But when the baby was born, he was stunned-the child looked nothing like him.
Instead, the baby was the spitting image of a local farmer, right down to the unique feature of six fingers on the left hand.
The resemblance was undeniable, as even their facial features were nearly identical.
The wife admitted to infidelity, claiming she had been raped. The farmer however, insisted the wife had seduced him, arguing that she had done so because her husband was impotent. 
Ultimately, the farmer took the child. Humiliated, the wife bit her tongue and ended her life.
The scandal spread through the village, and people continued mocking the man's supposed inadequacy.
Eventually, the man remarried. His new wife was a simple-minded woman but fertile. She had previously borne children for another family that had sold her due to poverty.
###chapter1690
The man hoped that having a child would restore his pride, but year after year, his second wife couldn't bear children.
After three years, the villagers mocked him even more, looking down on him entirely.
Some suggested he visit a temple to pray to the gods. On his way, he encountered a traveling priest who sold him the vial-shaped emerald pendant, claiming that wearing it daily would ensure he had children.
A year later, his wife did give birth to a child, but the baby tragically passed away shortly after birth.
The villagers declared that the man was destined to be childless due to sins from a past life. Unable to bear the shame, he took the pendant and jumped into the river.
The pendant then passed through the hands of many others.
Although its original malevolent aura had dissipated over the years, someone had recently enhanced it with intricate rituals and symbols, strengthening its malicious energy.
Thora grew increasingly anxious as Skylar silently examined the pendant. "Mrs. Martin? Is it just as I suspected? Is this a negative item?"
"It is indeed a negative item. How did you manage to take it from your husband? He must treasure it now and wouldn't let it out of his sight, likely wearing it constantly," Skylar said solemnly.
Over the years, Skylar had occasionally encountered negative items and had been asked to deal with them. However, this particular was different-much harder to resolve.
Thora was stunned by how accurately Skylar had guessed. "He truly won't part with it, not even while bathing. I've been suspicious for days but couldn't find a chance to take it from him.
"Last night, he drank all night with friends and didn't return home until 8:00 am. That's when I managed to take it."
"I see," Skylar replied with a slight frown.
"Mrs. Martin, I'm willing to pay any amount, as long as you can help us resolve this issue," Thora pleaded, clearly nervous.
After a moment of thought, Skylar said, "This negative item is different from any I've dealt with before. To remove its influence, you must divorce your husband."
"What?" Thora was stunned.
Divorce?
Although her husband had changed significantly in recent days, they had always been deeply in love, even after years of marriage.
Friends often envied their relationship, and divorce had never crossed her mind. All she wanted was to help him.
"Only by divorcing him can the
negative item's hold on your husband begin to weaken. Afterward, you can explain the
nature of the pendant to him
he willingly seeks me out, I can remove the curse," Skylar explained. Cóntent belongs to 
Thora hesitated, her expression conflicted. "Divorcing..."
"You don't have to do it now. Over the next two months, this will only influence his desire for children.
"The stronger his natural aversion to having children, the more the curse will push him to want them. After about a month, it will begin to affect his health. You have a month to think this over," Skylar said gently. 
She understood that suggesting divorce to a loving couple was harsh and difficult to accept.
"What if I don't divorce him?" Thora bit her lip, took a deep breath, and hesitated for a moment before asking.
"If you don't divorce, the only way to
change the situation is to have a
child. The moment he sees the child, he will have a moment of clarity, giving me an opportunity to remove the curse," Skylar replied. 
Upon hearing that, Thora's expression darkened, her emotions clearly in turmoil.
###chapter1691
Having a child?
Thora took a sharp breath. She knew that without the influence of the negative item, her husband would never want children.
While she liked children, her difficult upbringing left her unconfident about becoming a good mother.
Both options presented to her were ones she found hard to accept. But clearly, she had no other choices now.
"Thank you, Mrs. Martin. I'll think it over carefully and give you an answer soon," Thora said, deeply conflicted.
Skylar nodded with a smile. "Alright."
An hour after dinner, the rain had stopped. Once Thora left, Joe, who was about to play with Vivian, asked, "Did Ms. Wilcher have something on her mind?"
"Yes. Her husband has come into possession of a negative item, and it's already begun affecting him," Skylar explained.
Joe frowned. "Are negative items becoming more common lately?"
"It seems so," Skylar said with a hint of concern in her tone.
Suddenly, Joe leaned in and kissed Skylar on the lips. "Do you remember the dream you told me about a year ago?"
Skylar often had vivid dreams over the years, and she could recall them clearly upon waking. At first, she didn't think much of it, but over time, she realized something was off.
Sometimes, what she dreamed of would happen in real life.
When she found out she was pregnant, she dreamed it would be a girl and that she and Joe would have no more children in this lifetime.
"Which one are you talking about?" She couldn't immediately recall which dream he meant she had told him many.
"The one where you said that one day, as Vivian grows up, you and I will be in a car accident and go missing," Joe said, his gaze deep and his tone heavy.
Skylar was visibly startled. "Yes, I still have that dream occasionally this past year."
Joe took her hand firmly. "That's why I've decided to step down from the Martin Group in a few years."
Life was short, and he wanted to spend as much time as possible with the two people he cherished most.
"I respect your decision," Skylar said with a smile.
If the car accident were to claim their lives, they needed to have everything in order. She wasn't too worried about Vivian-if anything happened to them, Janine and her brothers would take excellent care of her. 
...
Thora pushed open the door and took a deep breath.
Before she could speak, her husband, Albion Shaw, stormed toward her. His eyes were unusually red as he stared at her.
"Did you take my pendant? You know how precious it is to me!" he growled, his gaze filled with an almost murderous rage.
Thora trembled violently.
In all their years of marriage, Albion had never looked at her this way. The negative item had truly changed him, transforming him into a stranger.
"It's here with me," she said, her hands shaking as she took the pendant out of her bag.
Albion snatched it from her instantly. "Don't ever touch it without my
permission. again! Also, I've already
made arrangements with the IVF
swneyer
clinic. You're coming with me. tomorrow. We must have a child this year. 
"I've looked into it-IVF can give us twins. Let's aim for a boy and a girl so we can
have both a son and a daughter!"
Thora felt her vision darken, but she refused to give up. She couldn't believe the negative item could change someone so completely.
"You always hated children before, Didn't we agree to live happily with just the two of us? Can't you calm down and think carefully-doyou truly like children?" fo 
"That was in the past. Now, I love children! I can't let my family line end with me. Why should everyone else have kids calling them 'Dad' while I have none?
"There's no room for discussion on this. I've even dreamed of becoming a father these past few days."
He raised a hand to silence Thora, cutting off any further ions. His stance was unwavering.
###chapter1692
Thora was utterly stunned.
Outside, thunder continued to rumble; each clap louder than the last.
As she gradually regained her composure, her face turned pale. "What if I refuse to do IVF?"
Albion frowned and stared at her intently. "If you refuse, then we'll get a divorce! If you still want to be with me, if you still love me, then you have to listen to me and come with me for IVF!"
A boy and a girl-this had become his obsession. The image of his children calling him "Dad" together was firmly etched in his mind, and he was determined to make it a reality.
"Divorce?" Thora looked at Albion in disbelief. She didn't expect him to say that so easily.
Even though she knew it was because of the negative item, the pain in her heart was undeniable.
"Yes, divorce! We've been married for so many years, and you're almost 40. Do you think anyone else would want you if you left me? You should know by now- you're starting to smell like an old lady!
"You're always talking about health routines, telling me to quit smoking and drinking. If I find someone else to bear my children, I'll save thousands in IVF costs," Albion sneered, his tone dripping with disdain.
His hurtful words came one after another, cutting deeper and deeper.
Thora knew that these words might not be entirely sincere, but they stung nonetheless.
In their daily life, Albion often brushed off her advice, saying they weren't even 40 they were too young to worry about health.
When she urged him to drink and smoke less, he would retort that those habits made him happy and life without them would be dull.
Even with the negative item's influence, it was clear that deep down, he harbored resentment and dissatisfaction toward her.
Seeing her silence, Albion sneered.
know you too well. After all these et
years together, do you think I
understand your personaliz
"You love me too much, and you can't live without me. You've cut off contact with your family all these years just to be with me. If you can't leave me, what's the harm in giving me two kids? 
"You're a woman-if you never experience childbirth, can you even still call yourself a woman?"
Thora felt a ringing in her ears, and her vision blurred.
In the study, under the soft glow of a desk lamp, a phone number was freshly written on a piece of paper.
Aiken stared at the number in
daze, his fingers lightly tapping.
table, After some hesitation, beet
finally dialed it. 
When the call connected, he heard a familiar voice on the other end. Wendy's gentle voice echoed in his ear.
That familiar voice-it was the warmth he had never been able to let go of.
For a moment, he was lost in a daze, as if transported back to the early days of their relationship years ago.
Sensing his brief silence, Wendy-always perceptive-spoke again.
"Aiken?" she guessed.
Aiken chuckled. "How did you know it was me?"
He had used a new phone number.
###chapter1693
Wendy had always known that Aiken would find her one day, but she didn't expect
it to be so soon.
Still, she wasn't surprised.
While she had held onto the faint hope that Aiken wouldn't discover her whereabouts, she was prepared for the possibility.
"What do you want?" she asked calmly.
Aiken frowned. "You just left like that. Did you ever think about talking to me?"
They had been together for so long, known each other for so many years, and she had always been gentle with him. This cold indifference was a side of her he had never seen before. Her voice was devoid of any emotion.
"There's nothing left for us to talk about. I've written everything in that letter. Let's part ways amicably," Wendy said.
Over the years, she had come to understand Aiken very well. She knew the kind of man he was when it came to relationships.
When he sought out Zera, it became clear that in his heart, she was dispensable —someone who no longer needed a place in his life. He had grown tired of her.
The time apart had given her clarity about her relationship with Aiken.
"Is this about Zera?" Aiken's frown deepened.
Even he wasn't entirely sure how he felt about his relationship with Wendy. Was it love? If so, it wasn't a deep love. Otherwise, he wouldn't have sought out Zera.
He had never felt for Wendy the way he had once felt for Skylar. But with Skylar, he knew there was no possibility of a future.
With Wendy, everything had been just right.
It wasn't a grand, passionate love, nor was it a yearning for something unattainable. It was steady, almost too plain.
Hearing Zera's name didn't stir any reaction in Wendy. To her, Zera was simply a third party. The breakdown of her relationship with Aiken wasn't solely due to the involvement of another woman.
"No, it's not about her. I've known for a long time that you were involved with her -I've seen your intimate photos.
"Since you called, I'll be direct. I ended things with you because there's ng love
Nove left between us. You
might think I could tolerate you having a new lover behind my Ba
but can't," Wendy said in a firm
tone. 
Perhaps her emotions got the better of her, as she felt a dull pain in her stomach.
She didn't expect to lose her composure so easily in front of Aiken. She still reacted strongly, still cared deeply.
It was clear that when one poured their whole heart into a relationship, it wouldn't be something one could simply let go of easily.
But she believed that in the future, she would be able to face Aiken with greater calm, perhaps even indifference.
Then, Aiken said, "Zera was just an accident. I don't love her."
"Not loving her didn't stop you from sleeping with her, did it? Today it's Zera, tomorrow it could be someone else. You will always have someone new around you.
"I don't want to spend my future constantly doubting you, tracking your whereabouts, or dealing with your endless affairs.
"Aiken, things are fine as they are now. Let's stay out of each other's lives. I'll still wish you the best," Wendy said softly.
Her tone carried no resentment, no accusations. It held a sense of acceptance and even gentle persuasion.
Aiken suddenly gripped his phone tightly. "I thought you wouldn't care."
Over the past two years, their relationship had grown increasingly cold. The passion was gone, leaving only a sense of duty. She didn't seem to miss his company, and she never questioned the rumors about him. ?wnovel
So, he had assumed that as long as he eventually came back to her, she would always be there waiting. It became a silent understanding between them.
After all, she held a unique place in his heart, and even Simona regarded her as family.
Hearing Aiken's self-assured statement that he thought she wouldn't care, Wendy, despite her calm demeanor, couldn't help but feel anger rising within her.
"No, I do care. I've never been that magnanimous. Now that I'm older, I want a marriage with mutual loyalty—both emotionally and
physically. From every perspective, you're just a passerby in my life." 
###chapter1694
Aiken's expression changed upon hearing Wendy's words. "Have you thought this through? This is the only call I'll make to you."
He could tolerate Wendy's little temper tantrums, but he wouldn't indulge her too much. He wouldn't change the rules for her.
"Aiken, thank you for everything you've done for me over the years. But please don't tell Simona about me. Let's just pretend we never knew each other. I wish you well.
"If it weren't for your help back then, I wouldn't be where I am today. From now on, we each go our separate ways," Wendy said with a smile.
Even though they were talking over the phone and couldn't see each other's faces, he still chose to smile while saying these words. It was time for them to move on.
Aiken was silent for a few seconds before ending the call.
After hanging up, Wendy immediately blocked Aiken's number. She knew that, given his personality, he wouldn't call or try to contact her again.
She lowered her head and gazed at the slight bulge of her abdomen, her face soft with tenderness.
Aiken sat alone in his study for a long time, all the way into the late hours of the night.
The house was quiet. Simona hadn't come home today, and she rarely did. Only the maids remained.
At 2:00 am, Aiken dialed Zera's number.
Zera had been waiting for Aiken's call for the past few days. As soon as she received the call, she nearly jumped out of her seat. "You finally called me, Aiken! You have no idea how scared I've been these past few days. I thought you might not want me anymore."
"Where are you?" Aiken asked coldly.
Zera quickly replied, "I'm staying in the apartment you gave me. Are you coming to see me?"
"Wait for me," he replied simply.
Zera immediately sat up in bed, her heart racing.
Zera was used to staying up late and rarely went to bed early. She hadn't expected to receive a call from Aiken while she was mindlessly scrolling her phone. 
She felt a weight lift off her chest when she saw his name on the screen. She had always believed that Aiken wouldn't lose interest in her. After all, they had just started their relationship, and Aiken was still supposed to be fascinated by her. 
She quickly got out of bed and took a shower. Then she stood in front of the mirror, carefully applying a subtle yet seductive makeup look.
As she finished preparing, Aiken was just about to leave when Simona returned home.
Seeing Aiken dressed casually and about to drive out, Simona raised an eyebrow. She asked, "Going to see Zera?"
Aiken didn't answer directly but instead asked, "Why are you home so late?"
"I was out with colleagues for dinner and some karaoke," Simona replied, waving her hand dismissively.
"I know you're in a hurry to see Zera, so don't worry about me. Just go ahead."
She had come to terms with it. Today it could be Zera by Aiken's side, and tomorrow, it might be someone else—just not Wendy.
Aiken watched Simona drunkenly stagger inside before deciding not to leave. Instead, he followed her back into the house.
Skylar had just arrived at work and hadn't even started her day when her phone rang. It was from Thora.
"I've divorced, Mrs. Martin," she said, her voice flat.
Skylar looked up in surprise. "Divorced? Are you still at the courthouse? I'll send you a picture, and
you can show it to your
husband. I'll come by to see you later tonight." 
"No need, Mrs. Martin."
###chapter1695
Skylar froze for a moment.
Thora continued, "The divorce was his idea. Honestly, he's been harboring dissatisfaction for a while now. I've decided to let it go. It could be for the best.
"When he calms down and looks for me again, I'll tell him how to contact you. I'll have to trouble you with this, Mrs. Martin."
Skylar agreed, though she felt somewhat surprised. She had Thora's contact on Instagram and occasionally saw her posts. From what she had seen, Thora and her husband, Hubert Shaw, seemed to have an enviable relationship.
Without children, she and Hubert enjoyed plenty of quality time together— traveling often and cooking meals at home. Everything seemed loving and harmonious.
It was hard to believe they had truly divorced.
It probably wasn't simply because of a negative item. Skylar couldn't help but sigh.
Outside the courthouse, Thora ended the call and was about to hail a cab.
"Wait! Thora, wait!" Hubert's voice rang out behind her, calling after her loudly.
She paused and turned around to look at him, dropping the hand she had raised to flag down the car.
Hubert stood there, his eyes no longer bloodshot, his expression calmer, his emotions seemingly steadied.
Without the negative item influencing him after their divorce, Hubert had regained
a degree of self-control. For the first time, he seemed truly lucid.
"How did we end up here? Divorced? I... I've been so irrational these past few days. I can't even make sense of myself. I don't even like kids.
"So why was I so obsessed with
forcing you to try IVF? And when you refused, I made divorce the solution? T
That's... That's not really how feel at all." Hubert's voice was laced with disbelief and self-doubt. 
Thora looked visibly drained. She hadn't slept much the night before, her thoughts racing through the night.
"The vial-shaped emerald pendant around your neck-it's a negative item. It influenced your thoughts. You've never wanted children or cared for them, but the pendant feeds you a compulsion-a fixation on becoming a father, no matter the cost," she explained calmly. 
For years, their friends considered Thora and Hubert the ideal couple. They were
often described as a model of a perfect marriage.
Whenever someone mentioned
them, it was often accompanied by remarks, like, "If our marriage were as harmonious as theirs, we wouldn't even need kids. Raising children is just too exhausting." 
But in reality, things were more complicated. But behind closed doors, where no
one else could see, there were moments of dissatisfaction and even heated arguments.
"A negative item... The vial-shaped emerald pendant is one?" Hubert's expression changed as he processed Thora's words.
He knew exactly what a negative item was, having heard countless stories about them over the years.
What he hadn't anticipated was that he had one day come into contact with one himself. Worse, it had been able to alter his very thoughts.
It had stripped him of his self-control, and under its influence, he had irrationally pushed for a divorce from Thora.
###chapter1696
The power of the negative item was truly terrifying.
"If you knew a negative item was influencing me, why would you still agree to the divorce? I've regained clarity. I don't want kids. What I want is to be with you, Thora. Let's get remarried. I don't want this divorce!"
Hubert clung to Thora in desperation, pleading with her to return to the courthouse with him.
But Thora stood firmly in place, refusing to move. No matter how desperately Hubert tried to pull her toward the courthouse, she didn't budge.
Gradually, his panic subsided, replaced by a creeping suspicion. He looked at her warily. "You... You wouldn't want this divorce, would you? Are you taking advantage of the fact I was influenced by the negative item to get rid of me?"
"We need to think carefully about this marriage. How often have you complained about me? That I'm too focused on health or too controlling. Yesterday, you even said I gave off an ageing vibe.
"Maybe you don't realize it, but you've grown tired of me. Besides, when was the last time we were truly intimate as husband and wife?" Thora spoke with a calmness that belied the turmoil of the moment.
Upon reflection, their seemingly idyllic marriage had always been more of an illusion than reality. They had never truly been as deeply in love as they appeared to others.
"No, that's not how it is. We've been busy this past year. Neither of us has been in great health. How could we possibly think about things like that? We've been married for years-of course, there have been arguments!
"As for what I said yesterday, I wasn't in my right mind because of the negative item. And come on, we're nearing 40. It's not the same as being 20. You're blowing things out of proportion." Hubert didn't think he had done anything wrong.
Thora took a deep breath and met his gaze. "No intimacy for a year, and you think that's normal? You blame work exhaustion, but you still find time to stay up all night gaming or drinking until dawn with your friends. Hubert, last night made me see things clearly. We're not in love anymore."
"We need to separate. When we've had enough time apart, we can think about whether reconciliation is even possible."
"You've got someone else, don't you? Are you just using this as an excuse to divorce me? After all these years, how could we possibly want to get divorced just because we've gone a year without intimacy?" Hubert simply couldn't believe Thora's words.
Thora's eyes glistened as she looked at him, her voice steady but tinged with sadness. "Do you honestly believe there's nothing wrong between us?"
"Of course, there's nothing wrong! I was influenced by that negative item. You told me Mrs. Martin helps deal with things like this. Let's go to her together. I swear I'll treat you better.
"Remember what we promised-no matter what happens, we won't abandon each other. Every couple has their arguments, but our relationship is really good now," Hubert said. He didn't want to lose Thora.
Thora's tone hardened. "I just texted you. It has Mrs. Martin's number Call her by noon today, or the negative item might influence you again. Then, once more, you lose control of your true thoughts."
"Alright, I'll contact her before noon, but let's get remarried right away," Hubert said.
Thora took a step back. "Let's talk about it later. For now, I will stay at my mom's place for a while."
Without another word, she walked to the curb, hailed a cab, and left.
Hubert stood there, stunned and motionless, watching as she left.
Skylar met Hubert during her lunch break. He looked weary, and his face drained of color.
"This vial-shaped emerald pendant really made me lose my mind? I've been thinking about the past few days' events on my way here. The person I had been in these last two days.. that wasn't me," Hubert said, running his hands through his hair. 
All that kept replaying in his mind was the image of Thora coldly getting into a car
and leaving him behind.
She wanted a divorce. She really didn't want him anymore.
Skylar looked at him calmly. "It really will make you lose control. If it's not dealt with today, it will affect you even more in the future. Not just your health, but your career,
relationships, and everything else."
Skylar held up a piece of paper with a drawing of a seal, which she used to wrap
the vial-shaped emerald pendant.
###chapter1697
A chill seemed to seep through the talisman, passing along the paper to Skylar's palm, causing a sudden coldness.
Hubert was taken aback. "Is the influence really this powerful? But I feel so much calmer now. Thank you, Mrs. Martin."
In the past couple of days, he had been overwhelmed by a deep, indescribable sense of heaviness and helplessness. But now, he felt a lightness inside, as though a weight had been lifted.
Suddenly, an idea struck him. He quickly stood up. "I won't take up any more of your time, Mrs. Martin. I need to go find my wife and explain things to her properly."
The more he reflected, the clearer it became. He couldn't lose Thora. He loved her.
But these past few years, because their material lives had improved, he had become accustomed to neglecting the people close to him, taking their relationships for granted.
He had assumed Thora would never leave him and that he didn't need to cherish her as he did in the past. Only now did he realize the profound regret that followed after causing someone pain.
As Hubert hurried out, Skylar couldn't help but smile slightly. She hoped that both of them would calm down and truly think about their future.
Just as she was about to place the vial-shaped emerald pendant back in her bag, she noticed a familiar figure walking past the window. If she wasn't mistaken, it was Alina.
But the man beside her wasn't Harvey. From what Skylar had seen on Harvey's Instagram posts recently, their relationship seemed solid. Harvey had even mentioned marrying Alina within the year, and Skylar had gotten to know more about Alina's background.
Alina came from a humble background. Her parents were both professors, but they were not based in Jipsburg. They worked at the Polytechnic College in Fachington; she was their only daughter.
However, something had now happened between her and the man.
Not far away, Alina was struggling against that man. Upon closer inspection, it was clear that Alina was trying to hold on to him.
She grasped his hand, but he pulled away forcefully, striding toward the road, his long legs carrying him further from her.
Skylar couldn't see Alina's expression, but she could sense the reluctance in her every movement.
As the man wasn't paying attention, Alina quickly wrapped her arms
around his waist. The man stiffened when she embraced him, but soon
enough, he turned around and
hugged her back. 
After that, neither of them did anything too excessive. A few minutes passed, and it seemed the man said something. Alina then stepped back, watching as he walked away. 
Alina remained standing in place, unmoving, for a long while.
Skylar furrowed her brow. Although she wasn't sure of the exact nature of their relationship, the way they pulled at each other, coupled with their somewhat intimate embrace, gave off a strange, ambiguous vibe. It made her feel something wasn't quite right. 
She grabbed her bag and left the café, initially thinking Alina would leave right after. To her surprise, Alina turned back and began walking toward her.
Perhaps because of her troubled thoughts, Alina didn't notice Skylar right away. But it wasn't long before she did.
The moment their eyes met, Alina froze, her face paling slightly. "Skylar."
###chapter1698
Alina wasn't sure if Skylar had seen what had just happened.
"I saw everything," Skylar said directly. She didn't see a need to pretend she hadn't witnessed it.
Alina's face went pale again, all the color draining from her complexion. "I..."
Skylar glanced at the time. There was still an hour before her work shift, and she realized she was a little hungry. "Have you had lunch yet? How about we grab a bite to eat?"
Alina nodded.
Lost in her thoughts, Alina followed Skylar to a nearby restaurant. After ordering, Skylar poured a cup of water and handed it to Alina, hoping it might help her relax.
"Thank you," Alina said as she took a few sips. Gradually, she began to calm down.
Then she looked up at Skylar. "The person earlier was my first love. We broke up due to some misunderstandings, and today we ran into each other. I learned the truth about what happened back then and realized I had misunderstood him.
"So, I ended up chasing after him. But now that I've calmed down, I see that I was too impulsive earlier."
"Your first love?" Skylar said, surprised.
Alina lowered her head, feeling a little guilty. "When I was with Harvey, I had already decided to let go of the past. I truly believed that Harvey was the one I could spend my life with. He's a great person. I just... couldn't control my emotions earlier."
Alina paused, a deep sigh escaping her. She regretted being so hasty just now.
"Do you love Harvey?" Skylar asked, noticing that Alina had only mentioned Harvey as a great person but had not said she loved him.
Alina froze, her hand trembling slightly as she held the cup.
For a moment, she felt like Skylar could see right through her inner thoughts. She,
too, questioned herself if she truly loved Harvey.
It was a question Alina couldn't
answer right away. Between her and
Harvey, there seemed to be
something missing-something that should be present in a romantie
relationship. There was no intense
passion, no heart-fluttering
excitement when they looked at each other. 
Alina had been in a deeply emotional relationship before, and she knew what it meant to truly love someone.
To love another was to have a heart in constant motion-happy at times, sad at others, and often unsure. Above all, it was never calm.
It seemed that what Alina felt most in her relationship with Harvey was a sense of security. Harvey was a considerate person who rarely acted impulsively when faced with challenges.
Of course, there were times when he showed strength and decisiveness. But when dealing with others, his presence was commanding enough to take control of situations.
She couldn't help but wonder if that kind of intense love was something that belonged to youth. It didn't seem likely.
But to say she didn't love him felt wrong. Alina was content with Harvey. He was a reliable boyfriend.
Not long ago
She had taken him to meet her parents. Her parents, both experienced educators, were sharp at reading people. When Alina was with her ex-boyfriend, Theodore Webster, they often criticized him, saying they weren't suited for each other. 
But when they met Harvey, they spoke with deep sincerity, telling her that Harvey would surely make a good husband and urging her to cherish him and stay with him.
Seeing Alina hesitate, Skylar felt a heaviness in her heart.
Harvey was her younger brother, and as his sister, Skylar naturally hoped he could have a beautiful
relationship. At the very least, she hoped they would love each other deeply, not just settle for
no
convenience. 
"Alina, do you think you're with Harvey just because the time is right, and he happens to be the person who fits your life? So, you're settling into this relationship, aren't you?" Skylar asked.
The word "settling" didn't sit well with Skylar when describing their relationship. She knew Harvey truly loved Alina.
Otherwise, there wouldn't be so many photos of them together on Instagram. It seemed like there was a new post almost every day. All the signs pointed to Harvey being deeply in love.
Alina's eyes welled up with tears, and a wave of guilt washed over her. For a moment, she didn't know how to answer.
Her friends had asked her this question before. They all knew how deeply she had loved Theodore, so seeing her with Harvey, they couldn't help but wonder if she truly felt the same way.
###chapter1699
At that time, just like now, Alina didn't know how to answer. She just kept avoiding
it.
She only felt that Harvey was truly a great person. He was different from the others who pursued her, and everyone around her spoke highly of him, including her parents.
She believed that being with him would be good. After all, it seemed like being with Theodore wasn't meant to be, and being with anyone else felt like nothing more than a matter of convenience.
Had it not been for Harvey, she probably would have been with someone else, and as long as everyone approved of it, she would have considered it fine.
Realizing this, she found herself unable to tell Skylar what she truly thought. If only she could say that it wasn't just about settling but that she liked Harvey, then everything would be fine.
"You don't have to answer me right away. When dealing with feelings, everyone gets too caught up in them to be able to see things clearly. I just hope you don't hurt Harvey. If you don't love him, then it's best to let him know. If you do love him, then I still wish you both the best," Skylar said gently when she noticed how conflicted Alina was.
Skylar wasn't concerned about any misunderstanding between Alina and her first love. She was only concerned about whether the situation would hurt Harvey.
Alina bit her lip, torn by the question.
Just as she was about to respond to Skylar, her phone suddenly rang. Seeing that the caller was Theodore, she froze for a moment. But then, without thinking, she answered the call.
She had forgotten entirely that Skylar was sitting across from her.
"Hello..." she answered.
Theodore's familiar voice came through, each word seemingly striking her heart deeply. "Where are you? Did you really leave?"
Her heart raced, and her voice quivered. She quickly shifted her gaze to the window. "I didn't leave. I'm just having lunch."
Just as the words left her mouth, she saw Theodore standing not far outside, exactly where they had been earlier. He was looking around, searching for her.
Suddenly, scenes from the past unfolded before her eyes like a movie. She knew what it meant that Theodore was looking for her.
"Come out. I need to talk to you. Alina, I regret it. I can't wish you happiness with someone else, and I can't bear to see you married and having children with someone else.
"We promised each other back in college that we'd be together for life. I still remember, do you?" said Theodore.
Tears streamed down her face,
making it difficult to see the man standing outside the window.
el.m
Without thinking, she stood up and hurried out of the restaurant forgetting about Skylar. 
Skylar watched helplessly as Alina rushed outside, her gaze following them as they embraced and kissed passionately. In that moment, the world seemed to vanish, leaving only the two of them. 
Beneath the towering skyscrapers and amidst the bustling crowds, their love was undeniable, palpable to anyone who looked.
Skylar's eyes darkened, a heavy
weight settling in her chest. She
hadn't expected Alina to lose all
composure at the sight of Theodore,
discarding the hesitation and
affection she had shown just
moments before. 
But Skylar had her answer now.
After leaving the restaurant, she texted Alina, "Since you've reunited with your first
love, it's best to tell Harvey the truth so that he can move on."
###chapter1700
Knowing the truth would undoubtedly hurt. Still, it was better than realizing too late that it was impossible to let go-especially when Harvey discovered that Alina had fallen in love with someone else.
Skylar had grown up with Harvey, and she knew he was not someone who could be easily crushed by matters of the heart.
...
Skylar was unsure whether Alina had seen her message. Maybe she had, but she didn't care. Or perhaps she hadn't seen it at all, which would explain why she was still with Harvey.
Five days later, Skylar spotted Alina in Harvey's Instagram feed. The two of them were playing a murder mystery game with friends. Harvey's words were full of affection for Alina.
In the photo, Alina smiled softly at him.
"What are you looking at?" Joe came out of the bathroom, freshly showered. He had been sitting beside Skylar for a while, only to realize she was so engrossed in her phone that she hadn't noticed him.
The feeling of being ignored wasn't pleasant.
As he spoke, he glanced at her screen. He couldn't help but wonder why Skylar was looking at Harvey's Instagram posts.
Skylar pulled her gaze away from the phone and looked at Joe. She told him about the scene she had witnessed a few days ago-Alina and her first love reuniting.
Joe raised an eyebrow. "From the looks of it, it seems like she's chosen Harvey again."
Skylar replied, "Yes, if she chose Harvey, then what about her first love? Running out without hesitation that day seemed like they would get back together. Or maybe something happened over the past few days that made Alina decide to stay with Harvey."
Her expression darkened, knowing that Harvey was directly involved.
Joe wrapped an arm around Skylar, noticing her troubled mood. "Does it feel like you've swallowed a fly?"
Skylar couldn't help but twitch her lips at the odd expression. "What kind of description is that?"
"Don't worry too much. Harvey isn't that fragile. When someone is torn between two people, they'll figure it out. As for Alina, maybe she's still uncertain.
"Harvey is a rare, exceptional man. There aren't many like him in Jipsburg. He has both charm and
talent. If Alina hesitated, it's only et
natural that she take some time to reflect," Joe said, his perspective always slightly different. 
Skylar nodded, agreeing with him. Joe's words made sense.
She was about to suggest heading to bed when her phone buzzed with a new message from Alina.
Alina must have seen Harvey's recent Instagram post. Knowing Skylar would have seen it too, she immediately contacted Skylar.
Alina texted, "I'm sorry, Skylar. I
made a mistake that day and acted on impulse. After all, it's hard to let go of the feelings tied to a first love. But after I calmed down, I realized that time had changed us both. We're no longer suitable for each other. Our lives have diverged too much. 
"Harvey means a lot to me. While I may not be able to love him as passionately
as my first love, I can give him a steady, lasting love. That day's incident... can we just keep it between us?"
Skylar stared at the message, her brow furrowing.
Joe didn't interrupt Skylar's thoughts. Instead, he quietly went to the kitchen and poured her a glass of water. He knew that Skylar often liked to take a small sip of water to moisten her lips before bed. 
After taking a sip, she set her phone aside without replying to Alina.
"I think she might be lying. If she's choosing to stay with Harvey, it's probably because something didn't work out with the other guy." Skylar's voice was laced with suspicion.
The more Skylar thought about it, the more unfair it seemed to Harvey. As a woman herself, she could sense Alina's intention. But that intention wasn't driven by love it was driven by practicality.
If Harvey approached this relationship with the same pragmatism, it wouldn't bother Skylar. They were both adults and entitled to prioritize their own interests.
But Harvey's commitment came from a place of genuine emotion, and that was what made it so troubling.

###chapter1701
Skylar felt a dull headache creeping in.
"Do we need to look into this?" Joe asked, already reaching for his phone to call Paul.
She shook her head. "Not yet. Let's wait and see. I can't imagine Harvey hasn't noticed anything by now."
From what she knew of Harvey, he was someone who valued relationships but wasn't the type to lose himself in them.
"I agree," Joe said, understanding Harvey's character well.
After that, the conversation shifted to Vivian and what she had been up to lately.
Just then, a soft, sleepy voice came from their bedroom door. "Mom, Dad, I want to sleep with you."
Vivian stood there rubbing her eyes, her tone warm and sweet. She had fallen asleep earlier but had woken up for some reason.
An overwhelming sense of longing for her parents filled her heart when she woke up. She wanted them to hold her. Their embrace was the warmest place to be.
"Of course, I want to sleep with you too," Skylar said, quickly picking her up and hugging her close.
Joe walked over and wrapped his arms around both of them, holding the two most important people in his life tightly.
Meanwhile, Alina sat uneasily after sending her text message. She had been waiting for a reply from Skylar for over 20 minutes, but there was still no response.
Leaving the bathroom, she glanced at Harvey, who was sound asleep in bed. She then grabbed her shawl and walked to the living room.
Sitting on the couch, she stared out at the quiet city nightscape. The world outside seemed at peace, yet her heart was anything but peaceful.
Unable to stay calm, she exited Skylar's chat thread and opened another conversation—the one with Theodore. His messages dominated the screen.
"Darling, trust me! I've always loved you. It's just that we were apart for so long. Over the past few years, had to adjust to a life without you, so I agreed to my family's arrangement and went on blind dates." 
"I've never loved her. I just did it to reassure my family. After reuniting with you and clearing up the misunderstandings, I momentarily forgot about her. We've met each other's parents, so if I suddenly break up with her, they might not accept it right away. Please give me some time." 
"Darling, I love you! I can't lose you. This is my fault for not being clear with you from the beginning."
"I know you have a new boyfriend now. I saw your Instagram. I believe you don't love him, so please forgive me and break up with him. Come back to me."
"Darling, don't ignore me. You know how much I care about you."
The last two messages were sent at noon today.
She had seen them right away but hadn't replied. At that time, she was having lunch with Harvey and a few friends. Afterward, they played a murder mystery game.
She had been a bit distracted during it.
A few days ago, she had agreed to reconcile with Theodore, only to find out he had a girlfriend, and they were already discussing marriage.
Her best friend had sent her some photos of Theodore and his fiancée. They looked very intimate, clearly in love with each other.
From what she knew of Theodore, he wouldn't be so close with someone unless he truly cared about them.
The most troubling part was that they were planning a wedding-one that was happening soon. There was no way she would step into that situation as the third party 
Besides...
She glanced toward her bedroom, feeling the weight of the decision pressing on her.
She knew better than anyone that if she broke up with Harvey, he would never come back to her. Their relationship would be completely over.
She...
###chapter1702
Suddenly, she remembered her best friend's words. "We don't have the luxury of making mistakes anymore. Honestly, Harvey is truly one in a million. If you break up with him, you'll regret it later.
"Your parents will think you're crazy. I'm always jealous of you. How could you be so lucky to meet such a wonderful man?"
Harvey was that good.
He was so perfect that everyone said if they broke up, she would be the one regretting it. Yet, there was still some lingering resentment in her heart.
When she was with Theodore, they were each other's first love. Their love was deep, passionate, and intense. She wondered how he could fall for someone else after just a few years, despite the promises of forever he had made to her.
Maybe it was true that lovers shared a special connection because Theodore sent another message just then.
"Don't ignore me, Alina. Do you remember the promises we made to each other when we were together? I love you, Alina. I will never love anyone the way I love you. Being with you was the happiest time of my life.
"Everyone else is just a compromise to live up to the expectations of others. But when I met you again, I realized I couldn't keep lying to myself. I couldn't live just to please my family. I've broken up with her, and the wedding has been called off."
Reading this message, Alina's hand trembled as she held her phone. He had broken up with her. So...
Just then, Harvey's voice interrupted her thoughts. "Can't sleep?"
Alina, startled by the sudden question, looked up at Harvey. He glanced at her trembling hand before waiting for her response.
Noticing his gaze, Alina quickly locked her phone. She felt guilty. Still, she continued to lie. "Maybe I ate too much for dinner and it's not settling well."
"We have digestive aid at home," Harvey said as he walked over to look for the medicine box.
His caring gesture made Alina feel strangely slow to react. She wanted to control her emotions, but the impulse was too strong.
Suddenly, she stood up. "I... I just remembered something I need to take care of. I'm going to head back home. You stay and get some rest."
"I'll drive you," Harvey said, pausing his search for the aid.
Alina quickly rejected the offer. "Oh? No need. It's so late already. I can drive myself home. You've been working so hard these past few days, and you must be tired. Just go back to sleep. Don't worry about
me." ?wnovel
Upon hearing this, Harvey's gaze darkened, but he didn't say anything. He merely watched as Alina hurriedly left his apartment.
After a long moment of silence, Harvey poured himself a glass of wine. He slowly drank half of it, then left the remaining half in the glass.
...
After leaving Harvey's apartment, Alina went straight home. Her parents had bought her an apartment in Jipsburg.
The apartment was small, a two-bedroom unit in a compact layout. She was surprised to see Theodore standing by her door as she walked out of the elevator Before she could react, he quickly crossed the distance and embraced her, kissing her deeply. 
They didn't part for a couple of minutes, still caught in the passion of their kiss,
when suddenly, the elevator opened again. Someone was coming out.
The sound startled them both. They looked up to see the person stepping out of the elevator.
At this time, it was unusual for anyone to be coming up, but...
"Oh, sorry. Please, go ahead. Someone reported a noise disturbance in this building, so I'm just checking every floor."
jelm
The security guard quickly realized what had happened and turned his gaze away. Then, he hurriedly
pressed the elevator button, entered
the elevator and left.
###chapter1703
Alina and Theodore barely noticed the interruption. In that moment, their focus was entirely on each other.
...
The security guard stepped out of the elevator and made a phone call.
"Hello, this is the security guard. I just checked the 26th floor, and there's no noise in the hallways. There was only a couple making out in front of apartment 2603. Honestly, at my age, I almost got an eye infection from that! If you still hear anything later, just let me know, and I'll go up again."
The guard quickly relayed the situation to one of the homeowners. The apartment complex had a high occupancy rate, and with so many residents, disturbances were not uncommon. Some were inconsiderate, causing noise without regard for others.
The most difficult residents were those who refused to acknowledge any wrongdoing when approached. In one case, a neighbor used a vibration machine to disturb others after a failed negotiation.
"Alright, I understand. Thank you," came a cold voice from the phone. The irritation in their tone was clear-perhaps the disturbance had interrupted their sleep.
The chill in the voice was enough to make anyone uneasy, yet the homeowner politely responded, "Thank you."
"No problem. If you need anything, just call," the security guard said.
After ending the call, Harvey threw his phone onto the couch. He stood up and walked toward the floor-to-ceiling windows, gazing out at the city lights.
"A couple making out?" He thought, a sneer curling on his lips.
The next morning, he immediately called the renovation company for his villa. "Stop the renovation. Have the designer contact me for a new design."
"Okay, Mr. Sullivan. I'll contact the designer immediately and have them contact you."
...
A few days later, it was the weekend. Skylar and Joe took Vivian to a hot spring resort. Over the past two years, the hot spring resort had expanded, adding new water attractions that children loved.
The place was always crowded, but it became even more packed on weekends.
Both adults and children could have
a great time here. The resort offered everything from food to
accommodation and activities. Vivian preferred the smaller slides where kids had to wait in line because some of the more thrilling attractions were too intense for Vivian. 
She played enthusiastically, enjoying the slides. Feeling a bit tired, Skylar sat down in a nearby rest area and watched as Joe played with Vivian. Joe acted like a kid when he was with her, enjoying himself to the fullest. 
Seeing this, Skylar couldn't help but smile. Just then, her phone rang.
"Hello, Mrs. Martin. I wanted to let you know that I need to take a break this month
and won't be able to give Vivian lessons. I can recommend some other excellent teachers if you'd like." Thora's voice was apologetic.
Skylar replied, "A month? That's fine. If anything comes up, feel free to let me
know. Vivian can practice on her own this month."
There was a pause on the other end of the line before Thora added, "I need to take time off because my parents aren't feeling well, and need to go back home to take care of them. During this time, I can video calf Vivian every day. If there are any problems at all, you can always reach out to me." 
###chapter1704
Skylar said, "Alright."
She hung up the phone, raising an eyebrow. She wondered if Hubert hadn't managed to smooth things over with Thora.
Everything seemed fine the last time Thora came to teach Vivian. But because it was personal business, Skylar didn't ask further questions.
Curiosity flickered in her mind for a moment, but then her attention returned to Joe and Vivian. The father and daughter waved when they saw her, and she waved back.
"Hey, look at that person-see the one playing on the slide with the kid? Doesn't she look like Mr. Martin from your company?" Trina Hill said.
The conversation from behind Skylar caught her ear. The voice was a bit loud, and even though they were about six feet away, she could hear every word.
The mention of Joe's name caught her attention, and a smile tugged at Skylar's lips. She hadn't expected to run into employees from Joe's company at the hot spring resort on the weekend.
"Wow, it really is him!" Priscilla replied.
"Should you go say hi? He's here with his daughter. I didn't expect someone as impressive as him to be such a devoted father, and his physique is amazing!"
"I don't know... His wife might be here too. I'd rather not make things awkward."
"Wait, didn't you say you were trying to get closer to him? I used to see his name in the news, but this time, I'm realizing just how on-point your taste is. I used to tease you about wanting to be his secret mistress.
"I thought you were crazy. But now, looking at him, I take back what I said! I'd be okay with being his secret lover or even just a one-night fling."
Hearing Trina's words, Priscilla sighed and said, "I made a move on him when I was on a business trip recently. But maybe I was too subtle. He didn't pick up on my signals."
"Men chasing women is hard, but women chasing men is a piece of cake. I'll help you with a plan. But look at that woman sitting in us. Wow, what a body! She's
vet of
wearing a swimsuit, and it's not even
revealing, yet her figure is just..
perfect. I'm so jealous."
Priscilla felt a twinge of discomfort as she heard Trina praising another woman's figure.
Her figure always received
compliments wherever she went especially when she was out with some of her slightly chubby friends. No one could avoid commenting on how good her figure was. 
It was rare for anyone to be able to compare.
To attract Joe's attention, she kept a strict diet and worked out almost every day to maintain her figure.
At the gym, her physique was better than most female celebrities. In real life, there were few who could compare. So, after hearing Trina's comment, she looked over skeptically.
The woman was sitting there, slightly turned, looking toward the children's playground. It was a common sitting posture, but it tested one's posture. It was truly eye-catching.
Her figure was indeed very good, as Trina said. But she thought the woman's chest wasn't as ample as hers.
"She's not that great." She frowned and turned her gaze away, feeling irritated, especially when she saw Joe and his daughter together.
The more he doted on his daughter, the more it meant that he cherished his wife. If his family was happy, he wouldn't be seeking excitement elsewhere.
Skylar had overheard the
conversation between Priscilla and
Trina. If they were talking about someone else, she might have just enjoyed the gossip, but the fact that they were discussing how to become her husband's secret lover or have a one-night affair with him made it harder to ignore. 
Though she had been married to Joe for several years, she never doubted his growing charm. Of course, there were plenty of women who were interested in him too.
If she wasn't mistaken, that female employee from Martin Group was named Priscilla Dunn.
Just then, Vivian called out to her, "Mom, come play!"
###chapter1705
Hearing Vivian call out to her, Skylar stood up. As she walked toward the children's play areas, she glanced back at Priscilla and Trina, who were still
chattering away.
The two women's expressions shifted drastically. Their faces paled as their gazes darted between Joe, Vivian, and Skylar.
It was the kind of sinking feeling that drained the color from their faces.
"Mrs. Martin?" Priscilla's voice trembled as if she was in a daze.
Skylar's eyes briefly swept over them before she turned toward the children's play area. Though her demeanor remained composed, Priscilla and Trina were anything but calm.
The two women swallowed nervously, their gazes snapping away from Skylar. They turned to look at each other, their eyes wide with disbelief and panic.
They thought, "How could this happen?"
"She's Mrs. Martin? Does that mean she overheard everything we just said? What if she tells Mr. Martin and then..." Trina's words trailed off in pure panic, as if she couldn't even bear to finish the thought.
No one could have imagined that a weekend getaway meant to be relaxing would take such an unexpected turn. Conversations like these were just lighthearted banter between friends-harmless musings fueled by fleeting fantasies and a touch of greed. They weren't meant to be taken seriously.
They didn't expect that their casual remarks about trying to catch Joe's attention would be overheard by none other than his wife.
This wasn't just embarrassing-it was catastrophic.
Priscilla's face went pale as her thoughts spiraled. She felt dizzy, her mind an utter mess. "We weren't exactly whispering. She probably heard everything."
What made it worse was the looming possibility of Skylar telling Joe. If he found out, Priscilla's job might be on the line.
Losing her temporary role as his assistant had already been fodder for office gossip. Now, if she lost her job as well, Priscilla knew it would be nearly impossible to find another opportunity in the industry. The damage to her reputation would be irreparable. 
On top of that, no other company could offer the same lucrative salary and benefits that she had at Martin Group.
"What do we do? Maybe we could talk to her? Explain that those were just casual conversations between us; we never intended to try to flirt with Mr. Martin," Trina asked, clearly anxious.
Priscilla bit her lips, feeling a little lost. "It's not going to work. After everything we said... it's obvious. there's more to it. If I say we're hot trying to seduce Mr. Martin, she probably won't buy it that easily." 
"Our luck today is terrible, isn't it? How did we end up running into her?" Trina said.
Priscilla's head felt like it might split, her body going numb. "Let's wait and see if she comes back to rest later. If she does, I'll try to find a chance to apologize."
Or maybe―
Her gaze shifted toward Joe. If Joe came to rest later, she could take the opportunity to talk to him and apologize first. That might help him develop a better impression of her.
Then, if Skylar insisted on firing her, maybe Joe would think she was being unreasonable.
Priscilla's mind raced as she tried to think of multiple solutions. Finally, after about ten minutes, Joe walked over.
Skylar was playing with Vivian on the other side. Joe walked over and took a drink of water first.
Trina's eyes practically popped out when she saw him.
In person, it was almost impossible to look away.
No wonder Priscilla always said she didn't want a boyfriend and only wanted to be with Joe. Even if it meant being his secret lover, she would willingly do it. If it were her, she would do the same. He was irresistible. 
###chapter1706
No one could replace that feeling. The moment Priscilla saw Joe, her heart began to tremble uncontrollably.
A wave of excitement rushed through her, something she couldn't quite put into words. Without bothering to explain herself to Trina, she immediately walked toward Joe.
"Mr. Martin..."
Joe turned at the sound of her voice. There was a slight hint of surprise in his expression. He hadn't expected to run into an employee during his break.
Joe nodded slightly.
As he was about to return to continue playing with Skylar and Vivian, Priscilla quickly added, "Mr. Martin, I have something to discuss with you. Could you spare a few minutes? I promise it won't take long."
Joe raised an eyebrow, showing clear signs of impatience.
Priscilla hurriedly explained, "I was chatting with my best friend earlier when we saw Mrs. Martin. We were talking a bit... well, a bit recklessly. We said we wanted to flirt with you... Of course, it was just a silly conversation between girls.
"But we were speaking loudly, and I'm worried Mrs. Martin might have overheard us. I wanted to apologize to both you and Mrs. Martin. I promise I'll be more careful with my words in the future."
She had learned her lesson. There was no way she would speak so recklessly again. Otherwise, she would land herself in huge trouble.
Joe raised an eyebrow, his gaze sharpening. "Such thoughts should never cross your mind. Otherwise, don't expect to stay in Jipsburg."
Priscilla was struck dumb with shock. Joe had not said anything about leaving Martin Group; he had said she would not be allowed to stay in Jipsburg. It was a clear warning.
She stood frozen, unsure of what to do next, when she saw Joe turning back toward the children's play area. The sound of children's laughter filled the air, and parents enjoyed their time together.
What was supposed to be a relaxing weekend getaway had turned into a kind of punishment for Priscilla. Seeing that Joe had already walked away, Trina hurried over to her.
"You spoke with Mr. Martin for so long-do you think he believes you?"
Priscilla's face went pale, and she took a long time to gather her words. "He didn't believe me... What he really cares about is Mrs. Martin's thoughts. He's worried that my words might have made her think too much. He said if I ever had any improper thoughts again I wouldn't be able to stay in Jipsburg." 
"What? Mr. Martin said that. How could he be so cold and heartless? You're such
a beauty, speaking to him with those teary eyes, and he couldn't even show you any sympathy," Trina exclaimed in disbelief.
Priscilla let out a bitter laugh. "I think I've made a big mistake."
She knew her work could improve her life, but her greed seemed to have gotten the best of her. She knew Joe wasn't easy to manipulate, especially with a wife he loved deeply. Yet, she had been so confident in herself, thinking she was some sort of exception. 
Now, it was clear she had been overestimating herself.
"Then... why don't we go straight to Mrs. Martin and apologize? It was so hard for us to stay in Jipsburg after graduation, and we've worked so hard to get here. If we lose ourjobs, it'll be all for nothing." Trina_O panicked. 
Priscilla gazed at the happy family of three-Joe, Skylar, and Vivian. Her jealousy
nearly boiled over, and her eyes began to sting with tears.
###chapter1707
Priscilla still couldn't let go of her frustration. She just couldn't understand why Joe loved Skylar so much.
But even Trina could see that Skylar's figure was far superior to hers.
If only she were Joe's wife-her figure would surely be even better. Behind her, there must be a whole team helping Skylar maintain her appearance.
She took a deep breath and said, "A wise person knows when to swallow their pride. Some things aren't worth holding on to. It's just a matter of apologizing to Mrs. Martin, right? Fine, I'll go apologize."
"That's the spirit! Look, things may seem tough now, but remember, fortunes change. Right now, Joe is treating you coldly because of Mrs. Martin, but who knows? Maybe he'll get tired of her soon. When that happens, your opportunity will come." Trina immediately offered words of encouragement.
20 minutes later, Joe and Vivian went off to rest and grab a bite to recharge.
Skylar went to the restroom. The downside of going out on weekends was the crowd. There was always a line for the restroom.
While waiting, she suddenly caught a whiff of a fragrance. It wasn't overpowering, but it was quite seductive.
She glanced up, surprised to see Priscilla standing beside her. That was quite a coincidence.
"Mrs. Martin, may I take a moment of your time?" Priscilla asked with a smile. Skylar raised an eyebrow. "What's the matter?"
Seeing Skylar's raised eyebrow, Priscilla couldn't help but think of how Joe had reacted when he saw her earlier. After years of marriage, they had grown to embody a shared air of authority, commanding the same intimidating presence. It instinctively made her feel a bit uneasy.
"Mrs. Martin, what I said earlier to my friend was just a joke between us. I know Mr. Martin is married to you, and I would never be foolish enough to do anything inappropriate. Please believe me." Priscilla's apology came across as sincere. Skylar nodded calmly. "I understand."
Seeing that Skylar had no strong
reaction and her expression was et
calm, Priscilla's heart started to race "I..... I mean it. I hope you don't misunderstand me, Mrs. Martin." 
"Mm," Skylar responded simply, offering no further words.
Skylar had grown much more patient since becoming a mother a few years ago. If
this had happened a few years ago, she would have certainly shown more
displeasure.
She could clearly distinguish
between playful remarks and serious intentions. It was obvious that Priscilla had feelings for Joe. But there were so many people who were interested in Joe, and if Skylar had paid attention to every one of them, she wouldn't have had time for herself. 
She probably wasn't the only one who spoke about their fantasies about Joe behind closed doors. Skylar had heard it before and didn't mind.
Priscilla didn't know what else to say, feeling like Skylar really didn't care. But she wondered if anyone could truly not care about others eyeing their husband.
She couldn't help but wonder if
Skylar was truly unconcerned about
Joe having a mistress outside.
Perhaps Skylar was just so
confident in herself, believing no one
could take Joe away.
Priscilla had these questions in her mind but couldn't bring herself to ask. She
could only watch as Skylar entered the restroom.
She knew when to stop and realized that saying anything more would be pointless, so she quietly left the restroom.
After Skylar returned, she glanced at Joe. Then, she sat down and smiled at
Vivian. "Vivian, do you think your Dad is amazing?"
"Dad is the best father ever! He's my superhero." Vivian's eyes sparkled with admiration as she looked at her father.
At her kindergarten, Vivian often compared her father to others.
To her, her father was the most handsome and the best.
###chapter1708
Vivian thought, "Dad loves both mom and me."
Skylar nodded, giving Joe a knowing look. "Dad really is amazing."
Joe's lips twitched, and he immediately understood what she was implying.
After putting Vivian to bed, Joe returned to their bedroom. The bedroom led to a small private hot spring pool. Skylar was sitting by the pool, sipping a glass of red wine.
When she saw Joe approaching, she poured him a glass and handed it over. After a full day of activities, it was nice to finally have a moment of quiet.
"Did you hear what the employees said today? I'll have HR fire her when work resumes the day after tomorrow," Joe said, a hint of regret in his voice.
He should have had Priscilla let go right after he returned from his business trip.
Ambition in the workplace was a good thing, but when someone had ambition for the wrong person, it showed poor judgment. Keeping such a person around was of no use to the company.
Skylar was a little surprised at first. She had nearly forgotten about it. "That's not what I was thinking about."
"It's not?" Joe asked, raising an eyebrow.
"No. I was thinking about Harvey and Alina. We haven't heard from them in a few days. Neither of them posted on Instagram, and Harvey hasn't said much in the family group. I feel like Harvey might have noticed something." Skylar speculated.
It was only natural for her to be concerned about Harvey as his sister. Or maybe, since she knew some things about Alina, she couldn't help but think more about it.
Joe took a sip of red wine and glanced at the moon with Skylar before speaking slowly, "If he's noticed, it's a good thing. Don't worry."
Charles, Steven, and Harvey wouldn't just sit by and let anyone bully them. They weren't that easy to push around.
A few years ago, when they casually chatted with Joe, they always made subtle remarks, urging him not to let Skylar down. They were
overthinking. No matter what the world threw at Skylar, Joe would never betray her. 
Harvey returned home from a long day of work at midnight, just past the early hours of the morning. As he was about to enter the elevator to head upstairs, the distinctive ringtone of Alina's call sounded, catching his attention. 
When he heard the ringtone, Harvey hesitated briefly before pressing the elevator button. But just as quickly, he stepped into the elevator. However, the reception in the elevator had always been weak.
The music abruptly stopped as he entered. Harvey went straight to his apartment and made himself a plate of pasta.
Janine had cooked the sauce, and the chopped bacon was already prepared and sealed in a jar. All he had to do was cook the pasta and reheat the sauce and bacon, and dinner was ready.
It was healthy and nutritious. While eating, Harvey tried out a newly designed game he had been working on. After only a few minutes of play, his phone rang again.
He frowned slightly, then answered.
"Why are you calling so late?" he asked, his voice cold.
Alina's voice came through the line, filled with concern. "It's been a few days since you last contacted me. Have you been too busy?"
Harvey would have felt touched if he had heard those words a few days ago after
a long day at work. But now, he found it rather ironic. He was curious to see what Alina would do next.
He replied, "Yeah, it's been really busy."
Alina continued, "By the way, I stopped by the villa this afternoon. The construction crew wasn't there, and I called the design company. They said you wanted to redo the design. Why didn't you discuss it with me? Do you not like the current design style?" 
The villa's design had been something they had both agreed on.
###chapter1709
Alina knew the villa was meant to be Harvey's and her wedding home.
Therefore, when she discussed the design style with the architect, she made sure to suggest her preferences based on her preferences.
Today, as she passed by the area, she thought she would stop by and check on the progress. However, she was surprised to find that work had stopped.
When she asked, she learned that they were changing the design style. This caught her off guard.
Harvey chuckled lightly.
Alina was confused when Harvey laughed. "What's going on?" she asked.
Harvey stopped laughing and coldly responded, "Is there anything else you'd like to tell me?"
Alina didn't understand his question. She simply said, "I... How about I come over tomorrow and cook your dinner? I'm worried you've been too tired lately and haven't been taking care of yourself."
Her words of concern sounded just like before, showing no sign of any wrongdoing. However, Harvey had learned a few things about Alina in recent days.
He had once trusted her completely. She was the cousin of his business partner, and although he had heard of her past relationship, he hadn't paid much attention.
He didn't care whether she had liked someone else before, but it bothered him that she continued to be involved with her ex-boyfriend while with him.
"No need," Harvey said coldly after a brief pause.
Alina was taken aback. "Harvey, have you been overworking yourself lately? Or is something else going on? If something's bothering you, you can tell me. I might not be of help, but I can face it with you."
Women like Alina, who appeared so understanding, could easily make one lose oneself. Unfortunately, it was too late.
"I'm tired. I'm going to rest," Harvey said before ending the call.
Without another word, he went straight to rest as if Alina no longer had any effect on his mood.
Alina was about to speak when the call
Sended. She quickly
her words, caught off
by the sudden turn of events. 
"Harvey..."
Alina thought, "What's going on? Why did his attitude suddenly turn so cold and distant?"
Her heart raced with unease.
"Could he have found out about Theodore? No, that's impossible. Skylar wouldn't be the type to tattle on me ve already explained everything on WhatsApp. So, Harvey's attitude has changed like this, could something else have happened?" 
She couldn't help but feel frustrated as she speculated. Just then, Theodore called her.
Looking at the name on the screen, she frowned and didn't answer. The phone rang a few more times, but he stopped calling after that.
Alina rubbed her temples, a dull headache creeping in on her.
She thought back to Harvey's attitude just now. A sense of unease gripped her heart.
...
On Monday, in the HR Department of Martin Group, Priscilla looked at the HR manager before her, her face pale.
Gone was the usual lighthearted atmosphere that had accompanied their past encounters.
Normally, when colleagues saw each other, there would be jokes and laughter. After work, many would even hang out together.
They always seemed to have a strong bond, chatting about all sorts of things. But now, the HR manager, Alanna Stephenson, looked grim and serious. It was almost like she was looking at a stranger. 
###chapter1710
Priscilla said, "I want to know the reason for my dismissal."
She took a deep breath to steady herself. Alanna responded in an official tone, "You should know the reason better than anyone. While the company is letting you go, the compensation offered is of the highest standard."
In the Martin Group, dismissals always came with explanations. A company of this size wouldn't keep idle employees. However, for someone like Priscilla to be dismissed under Paul's direct order, it was clear something had gone wrong during the recent business trip with Joe.
Only Priscilla had been reassigned to her original position among the three colleagues who had stepped in for Paul. Now, with Paul himself calling for her dismissal, the problem was undeniably centered on her.
Priscilla was undeniably competent at work, but she harbored some rather foolish ideas. As a woman, Alanna could see it clearly and guess it even more easily.
That was a foolish move. Plenty of women at Martin Group might have entertained similar thoughts, but they were wise enough to snuff them out quickly. Everyone understood it was nothing more than an unattainable dream-a dream best left untouched.
Those who had been with the company for years knew exactly how to navigate situations like this. Experience had taught them where the boundaries lay and what lines should never be crossed.
Alanna's expression remained indifferent as Priscilla stood awkwardly, struggling to form a response. "You..."
With a sigh, Alanna softened slightly. "Look, we've worked together for years. My advice is to take this with grace. Having Martin Group on your résumé will open doors for you. But mistakes come with consequences."
Though Alanna spoke firmly, there was a hint of regret. After all, she had been the one to hire Priscilla.
Back then, she seemed like the perfect candidate-smart, capable, and strikingly beautiful. However, her overconfidence, coupled with these traits, likely led to poor decisions.
Priscilla suddenly stood up and said, "Fine, I understand."
Her words were calm, but her movements betrayed her agitation as she pushed the door open and stepped out.
Several colleagues cast curious glances her way.
No one said a word, but Priscilla felt as if she could hear them anyway. It was as if they were saying, "Look at her, Priscilla embarrassed herself. She tried to seduce Mr. Martin, and now she's lost her job. She's so full of herself! Did she think she was irresistible or something?"
Plenty of people in the company had shown interest in her, but she found none of them appealing.
She quickly made her way to the hallway, taking several deep breaths to calm herself.
For days, she had feared this outcome. Skylar was unlikely to tolerate her presence in the company.
After all, no one could blame a wife for not wanting someone who coveted her husband hanging around. Her worst fears had come true.
Pulling out her phone, she quickly found Paul's number and called him.
To her relief, Paul picked up.
"Mr. Ziegler, it's Priscilla Dunn," she began.
Before she could say more, Paul cut her off. "I know why you're calling. There's no need to beat around the bush. I've always thought you were professional who took her work
seriously. Apparently, I was
mistaken. 
"If I were you, I'd take the generous severance package and handle the resignation process with dignity. That way, if we cross paths in the future, I might still afford you some courtesy."
"I... I know was wrong this time. Mr. Martin is such an outstanding man. I haven't had much experience with relationships, and being so close to him well, I let thoughts I shouldn't have had get the better of me. 
"But I've learned my lesson. Can't you give me another chance? I'll personally apologize to both Mr. Martin and Mrs. Martin and thoroughly reflect on my actions.
"It wasn't easy for me to get this job,
and I've worked so hard to get to where ham. I don't want to lose everything because of one stupid mistake." Priscilla's voice cracked as she tried to salvage her case. 
But Paul wasn't about to give Priscilla any more room to plead her case. "Sorry,
Ms. Dunn. Mr. Martin already gave you one chance, and you didn't take it."
To Paul, anyone who failed to think things through the first time was unlikely to make sound decisions later, and keeping such a person in the company was a liability.
Priscilla let out a sharp breath, stunned. The finality of the dial tone that followed left her frozen in place.
A few hours later, Skylar met Priscilla in the lounge.
It was the end of the work day, and Skylar had finished her work early. When she heard that Ms. Dunn had requested to see her, she assumed it was a client.
To her surprise, it was Priscilla.
###chapter1711
Skylar said, "Ms. Dunn."
Priscilla immediately stood up. Looking at Skylar, who appeared calm and composed, she suddenly felt embarrassed by her own disarray.
She had been so distracted all day that now she was sure her face looked terrible -pale and disheveled.
"I'm sorry. I know I shouldn't disturb you, Mrs. Martin, but I was just notified of my termination today at work. I understand the reason, and I'd like to ask for a chance from you," Priscilla spoke bluntly.
She was momentarily taken aback when she learned that Priscilla had been terminated.
Suddenly, she remembered what Joe had said earlier. She quickly cleared her mind and looked at Priscilla. "A chance?"
"Yes, I know it was my own fault, allowing myself to develop feelings I shouldn't have. I made Mr. Martin uncomfortable, and that's why I was let go. I'm asking for your forgiveness, Mrs. Martin. I would really appreciate it if you could speak to Mr. Martin on my behalf. I promise I'll work hard and never have such feelings again," Priscilla said sincerely.
Skylar looked at her with a neutral expression. "I can't help you with that. Joe and I respect each other's work and decisions, and we don't interfere with one another. You've come to the wrong person. If you have any concerns, you should speak directly with Martin Group."
After speaking, Skylar glanced at the time. There were still ten minutes until the end of her workday.
Priscilla's face twisted with anger. "Mrs. Martin, are you really that worried Mr. Martin might like someone else? Otherwise, you wouldn't have complained to Mr. Martin, right?"
She was upset, feeling that Skylar was being arrogant and dismissive.
She couldn't understand why Skylar couldn't help with a simple request. If only Skylar had spoken to Joe and told him to keep her at the company, everything would be fine.
Skylar raised an eyebrow and then turned to the colleagues waiting outside the lounge. "Please call security for me. Thank you."
She turned back to Priscilla. "It's time for you to leave."
Priscilla's eyes welled up with tears. "You have no idea how important this job is to me. If I lose it, I'll have to start over from scratch. I don't have time for that. My parents have always had high expectations for me. If it weren't for my sudden termination, I could have been promoted by the end of the year. My salary would have doubled. I can't accept losing this job."
Skylar raised an eyebrow. "This job is that important to you?"
Earlier this morning, Paul had called her and mentioned Priscilla's situation, so Skylar knew exactly what Priscilla had done at Martin Group.
Otherwise, Joe wouldn't have fired her.
Realizing Skylar seemed to see right through her, Priscilla immediately felt guilty. She awkwardly shifted her gaze uneasily. "I know people like you, at the top of the ladder, can't understand the struggles of someone like me, who has worked their way up from the bottom. 
"I was just confused by a man at the top of the ladder. I let my feelings cloud my judgment. Isn't that a mistake that can be forgiven? To be honest, I was just careless and didn't hide my feelings well. Martin Group has plenty of people who like Mr. Martin. Why should you eare so much?" 
Skylar couldn't help but laugh. She had briefly felt some sympathy for Priscilla.
She had considered asking Paul to recommend some job opportunities for her.
But now, she realized that for all her misfortune, there was a certain arrogance about her too.
There was no reasoning with someone like this.
At that moment, the security guards arrived.
"Please escort Ms. Dunn out," Skylar said to the security guard.
The security guard nodded and turned to Priscilla. "This way, please."
Priscilla's face was drained of color, and her eyes were hollow with disbelief. She looked at Skylar, her voice shaky. "Mrs. Martin, don't you think you're being too harsh with me?" 
Skylar's expression remained stoic. "Priscilla, you've had a good education. You should know what to do by now. Don't put yourself in such an awkward position."
Priscilla froze, the realization dawning on her that she had been making mistake after mistake all day.
###chapter1712
Priscilla's actions lately had seemed irrational. The situation had already occurred, and her choices leading up to it were not the wisest.
In truth, she had already known the answer before coming here. Even if Skylar had been understanding and agreed to help her, Joe wouldn't have changed his mind.
There was no point in seeking Skylar's help or calling Paul. It seemed like lately, she had been making one wrong move after another.
The situation now called for damage control. Accepting the highest possible compensation was no longer the worst outcome.
Taking a deep breath, Priscilla stepped out of the lounge, feeling conflicted. She turned back toward Skylar and said, "Sorry. I hope you don't mind. I was a bit irrational today."
"It's fine." Skylar nodded.
Priscilla quickly looked away and left in a hurry.
Once Priscilla was gone, Caleb approached Skylar and asked, "Did she come to cause trouble for you?"
"It's nothing. She won't be bothering me again. Why are you still here?" Skylar asked.
Caleb blinked, glancing toward Alexander's office. "Grandpa asked me to wait for him. He said his friend is coming to Jispburg tonight. They'll arrive at the airport at 8:00 pm. His friend is bringing his granddaughter with him. Grandpa wants me to go meet them and, well, set up a blind date."
He was really at his wit's end. At just over 20, his family was already pushing him into blind dates.
Skylar couldn't help but laugh. "Your grandfather is just looking out for you."
"He just wants great-grandchildren." Caleb could easily see through Alexander's intentions.
Alexander had even told him as much. "When you get to a certain age, you just want to see more new life."
"Good luck with that. I'm rooting for you." Skylar smiled.
Caleb's lips twitched. "I can't even imagine the day I become a father."
"I think you'd make a great dad. Every time Vivian comes over, you always manage to make her so happy," Skylar said with a smile.
"That's because Vivian is smart and cute, unlike some of the mischievous kids I've seen. Honestly, I feel like I'd want to smack each one of them." Caleb laughed.
The two chatted and laughed for a while.
Afterward, Skylar checked the time and decided to clock out. Feeling a bit bored, Caleb wandered over to Alexander's office.
"Grandpa, just so you know, if the woman is too annoying or doesn't meet my standards, I'll drop you two off at the hotel and come up with some excuse to leave," Caleb said. 
It was always better to speak plainly from the start than to regret it later.
"Don't think too highly of yourself. Do you really think she would be interested in you? You haven't even met her yet, and you're already so high and mighty. You think you're that impressive?" Alexander scolded immediately. 
A few days later, Skylar and Vivian were shopping for clothes at a mall. Today, many new arrivals from the brands that Vivian usually liked were in stock.
As children grew, they often developed their own preferences and started picking their own clothes. Skylar had respected Vivian's choices.
fn
After picking out the clothes, they headed to an ice cream shop. After getting their treats, Vivian suddenly pointed toward a distant corner "Mom that person looks like Ms. Wilcher. Someone's bullyingcher! Let's go and see." 
###chapter1713
Skylar followed Vivian's finger and looked in the direction she was pointing. She saw that a small crowd had gathered around.
Skylar then confirmed that the person bothering Thora was none other than Hubert.
Skylar frowned, wondering about the situation between them. It seemed they hadn't made up yet.
Hubert said, "You said you needed space, and that's fine; I gave it to you. But you can't lie to me like this. Thora, we've been married for so many years. Can you forgive me just this once for my mistake?"
Thora replied, "I've forgiven you so many times already. What's the point of continuing this? It's better for both of us if we just separate. I'm giving you freedom now. You don't have to answer to anyone anymore. You can drink with your friends until dawn, do whatever you want. What else do you want from me?"
Hubert's temper flared. "What man doesn't have a few good buddies? We're just having a drink together. Why do you have to make such a big deal out of it? I already promised I'd cut down on meeting them. Isn't that enough?"
Thora shook her head and replied, "No, it's not enough. The whole mess happened because of your drinking buddies. They're the ones who got you into trouble, and you still can't see it. Drinking and calling each other buddies doesn't mean anything. It's all meaningless in the end."
"That's just an accident. They didn't know anything about it. They've been my friends for years, and our relationship is solid. You can't expect me to cut ties over some small issues like this. Tell me the truth, Thora. Is there someone else? Is that why you're so eager to divorce me?"
The more Hubert thought about it, the more convinced he became.
Thora took a deep breath, her gaze flicking to the crowd of onlookers. She frowned, lowering her voice, and said, "Let's talk about this outside the mall." Hubert refused to let it go. "No, I need an answer now! Did you divorce me on purpose?"
Feeling increasingly uncomfortable, Thora was about to respond when Vivian suddenly spoke up. "Who are you? Why are you bullying Ms. Wilcher?"
Thora froze and turned to see Skylar and Vivian walking toward them. She felt even more embarrassed. She quickly told Hubert, "Let's talk outside."
When Hubert saw Skylar, he froze for a moment, then quickly regained his composure and hurriedly explained, "I didn't bully her."
"You were bullying Ms. Wilcher! You were grabbing her arm." Vivian's
voice was firm and accusing. She more convinced after
was even
what she had seen with her own eyes. 
If Hubert hadn't grabbed Thora's arm so hard, she wouldn't still be furrowing her brows like that. Feeling awkward, Hubert quickly released his grip.
Seeing the situation calm down, the people around them assumed they were friends and that there was no drama left to watch, so they began to disperse.
Once the crowd had thinned out, Thora walked over with a smile. She looked at Vivian and said, "I'm fine. Don't worry, Vivian."
Of all the students she had taught, she liked Vivian the most. This was not only because Vivian was highly perceptive but also because she was polite and caring.
Sometimes, when she spent time with Vivian, Thora couldn't help but imagine that maybe one day, the daughter she would have would be as sweet and beautiful as Vivian. 
Vivian nodded enthusiastically. "That's good to hear."
Skylar exchanged a glance with Thora. She smiled and nodded before speaking, "I'll take Vivian to look around some more."
"Alright, I'll be able to start teaching
Vivian in a couple of days. See you soon," Thora replied with a sense of relief. Thankfully, the situation hadn't gotten too awkward. 
Otherwise, she wouldn't have known how to face Skylar.
Once Skylar and Vivian took the elevator to another floor in the mall, Thora
exhaled deeply and turned away.
She felt like today was the most embarrassing day of her life, at least in the past 30 years.
###chapter1714
Looking back at Hubert, Thora said, "There's a café nearby. Let's sit down and have a proper chat."
"Alright," Hubert replied, having regained his composure. He wasn't as argumentative now. After all, they needed to clear things up today.
Once they arrived at the café, Thora ordered two cups of coffee according to their preferences. Hubert's expression softened when he saw that Thora remembered what he liked to drink.
He apologized gently. "I was wrong earlier. I shouldn't have argued with you in front of others, and I shouldn't have jumped to conclusions about you. I know you, Thora. You'd never cheat during our marriage. I'm really sorry."
Hubert did have some good qualities. When he made a mistake, he would admit it, and his apology was sincere.
However, when his temper flared, he often couldn't keep calm, and his words could be hurtful, not caring whether others could accept them.
"Alright, I accept your apology," Thora replied calmly.
Upon hearing this, Hubert's eyes widened in surprise. "So, does this mean you've calmed down and are ready to remarry me? Darling, I've been miserable these past few days without you. I haven't had a proper meal, just takeouts, and I'm so tired of it.
"Also, Mom keeps asking us to come home. We should visit her soon. I promise- I'll listen to you and won't upset you anymore."
"I won't remarry you." Thora's response remained firm.
Although she knew Hubert had some qualities she admired, that didn't mean she could calmly accept the hurt he had caused her.
Besides, there were other flaws she couldn't tolerate. During their marriage, she constantly convinced herself to tolerate his flaws.
Their relationship lacked intimacy, and Hubert often spent most of his time playing games or staying out all night with his friends.
Although Hubert never cheated, these issues still weighed on her.
He wouldn't change, and she didn't want to keep battling these inner struggles.
Of course, he also said she was getting old and smelled like an
elderly person. She knew the types of young actresses he
admired-those 20-somethings who sang and danced on stage. 
Though she was in her 30s, Thora had her career and took great care of both her body and appearance. It was impossible for her to smell like an elderly person.
The issue was that they had become too familiar with each other, so familiar that there was no longer any passion between them.
Hubert was shocked, unable to believe it. "How can you still insist on divorcing me? I've admitted my mistake, and you're still not satisfied?"
"Yes, you've admitted your mistake, but there are still many issues between us," Thora replied, her tone growing increasingly calm.
If this had been a few years ago,
when their relationship was still strong, she wouldn't have
considered divorce. She would have internalized everything back then, telling herself that their years together were too valuable to throw away over small issues. 
Hubert frowned. "I know what's bothering you. Fine, I'll meet my friends every other week, and as for our intimacy, I can satisfy you. How about once a week? We've been married for so many years. Why
does it still matter whether we're intimate or not?" 
He no longer cared as much about these things as he did when he was younger,
especially since Hubert was too familiar with Thora now.
###chapter1715
Their familiarity was so deep that Hubert felt like touching her was as natural as touching his own hands. But for the sake of saving their marriage, he was willing to let Thora have her way.
Thora listened to Hubert's condescending tone and felt even more certain that her decision was right. Their relationship no longer had any love.
What remained was Hubert's reluctance to part with someone who could care for him. She was no different than a housekeeper working for free.
"Actually, none of this matters anymore. I don't love you anymore," Thora said in a low voice.
Hubert was stunned. "You don't love me? Just a while ago, you posted on Instagram saying you wanted to spend the rest of your life with me."
He even told his friends that his wife was crazy about him, and she shared posts about him in nearly every update.
After years of marriage, Thora had always been the one to give more, so he naturally assumed that she loved him more.
"You also said it was just a while ago. Over the past few days, I've had a realization. You know very well how much I've struggled internally over these years of marriage. I gave up so much for you. You said you hated kids and wanted to stay child-free, and I agreed.
"You said you don't like fish, so I never cooked fish even though I liked it. When I had a cold or fever, I hoped you would go to the hospital with me, but you just told me to drink more water. You had games with your friends planned, and that was more important.
"Your mom kept saying we should have a child, but you were afraid she would pressure you. So you told her I didn't want kids, and you respected my decision. Over the years, my relationship with your mother has been terrible, and I've let it slide because I loved you. But now, I don't love you anymore.
"I should live my own life now. Since the day I decided to divorce, I've been able to have fish almost every day at my parents' house. When I had a cold, they were worried and stayed up all night urging me to go to the hospital. I have the love of my parents, and now it's time to love myself. Hubert, let's part on good terms."
After saying all that, Thora felt relieved. She should have told Hubert these things long ago.
But for so long, she had thought it was not Hubert's fault, that maybe she was just overthinking.
Her friends, whose husbands had even more flaws, had advised her not to be impulsive.
But now, she didn't care what others thought. She was going to live for herself.
When Hubert brought that negative item into their home, perhaps it was fate. It finally woke her up.
Hubert stood there, stunned, his mouth open as he tried to defend himself. But he quickly realized that everything Thora said was true. She was right. He had been selfish and had always expected Thora to give more than he did. 
"I... I'll explain everything to my mom when I get home. I'll tell her it wasn't you who didn't want children, it was me. From now on, I'll be there for you when you're sick.
"Games are just games, and they're not as important as you. I've been immature and selfish," Hubert stammered, flustered for the first time in a long time.
It was the first time in days that he felt this panicked.
Thora shook her head. "There's no need for you to change for me now. You should think about whether you truly love me. I have things to do, so I'll be leaving."
She stood up and glanced at the coffee that had just been brought to her.
The steam swirled in the air, but she no longer felt like drinking it. She liked the taste of this coffee, but that didn't mean other coffees were necessarily bad. After all, she wouldn't know unless she tried them.
Living alone in the future didn't seem so bad either.
Hubert stood there, stunned, his mind racing as he watched Thora walk away. He wanted to get up and chase after her, but he realized he had no right to do that.
Just then, his mother's call came through. He numbly answered it.
"I'm telling you, you must bring Thora home this time. I've already made an appointment with a doctor. She needs to have a proper checkup, and then he'll prescribe a few months' worth of medicine for her to take back. 
"If she doesn't take it, if she doesn't take care of herself-she's almost 40. How is she ever going to have kids? You've spoiled her too much, and what will you do when you don't have a son to take care of you in the
have you'll regret it."
She mentioned this every time they spoke on the phone. Thora sometimes
overheard it, but Hubert never paid much attention to it.
###chapter1716
Hubert felt a wave of guilt wash over him as he realized how hurt Thora must have been when she overheard his mother's harsh words.
"Mom, it's not that Thora can't have children. It's me who never wanted kids. I hate taking on responsibilities. And we've divorced; it was my fault," he said, his voice heavy.
With that, he ended the call abruptly.
He gazed out of the window, watching as Thora entered the subway. Before stepping on, she didn't even glance back.
Thora had truly let him go.
...
A few days later, Thora came as scheduled.
But this time, after finishing her lesson with Vivian, she didn't leave immediately.
"Mrs. Martin, I'd like to speak with you alone," Thora said.
Skylar looked at her with a warm smile, nodding in agreement. "Sure, let's take a walk in the garden."
"Alright."
Once they were in the garden, Thora said, "Mrs. Martin, I owe you an apology."
"An apology?" Skylar asked, surprised.
Thora smiled and nodded. "Yes. I'm sorry, but I won't be able to continue teaching Vivian anymore. I'll be leaving soon to study abroad. A few years ago, a music group wanted me to join, but I gave it up for my family. Now, I want to pursue my dreams and see the world."
Although Skylar was taken aback, she supported Thora. "That's alright. I support you."
"I won't be leaving until next month, but I have some very capable friends. I'make sure to recommend them to you. Honestly, the only thing I'll miss when I leave is Vivian. She's the most talented student I've ever taught." 
Thora felt a twinge of regret. If Vivian were her daughter, she could have taken
her abroad. But that wasn't the case.
Skylar smiled. "Thank you. Vivian will miss you too, Thora."
It was clear to see that Thora was in a much better place now. She was no longer the restrained, enduring figure she once was-the one who had confined herself to an invisible box of limitations. 
The current Thora seemed like an eagle soaring through the skies, ready to claim
her domain, see the wider world, and experience its offerings.
With her talent, she truly could fly higher and achieve greater things.
Harvey had had a long day, finally getting home at 8:00 pm. It wasn't too late, but it had certainly been a busy day.
When he opened the door, the scent of food filled the air. His gaze fell on the high heels by the door.
Instantly, the fatigue from the day lifted, replaced by a deep, somber expression. His eyebrows furrowed slightly, a coldness creeping into his features.
In the kitchen, Alina, who had been
busy preparing dinner, heard the
sound of the door opening and quickly called out, "You're back? I'm
just finishing up the last dish. Go
wash up, and dinner will be ready in
a minute." 
Alina was a good cook, often preparing meals at home, but Harvey also knew his
way around the kitchen when he had the time.
After changing into his slippers, Harvey walked toward the kitchen.
Alina, focusing on stirring the dish, didn't notice him approaching. She assumed
he was going to change or wash up before coming to the table.
However, Harvey stood at the kitchen door, his sharp gaze fixed on Alina as she moved around, preparing the meal.
###chapter1717
Alina only realized someone was standing in the doorway when she saw Harvey looking at her.
She froze for a moment before smiling and saying, "Why didn't you go wash your hands and change? I'm almost done here. You don't need to help, just wash up and sit down."
As soon as the words left her mouth, she felt that something was off. She looked up at Harvey again, her gaze lingering as she hesitated before speaking, "You-"
There was something unfamiliar about his gaze, a coldness she didn't recognize. It left her feeling uneasy, unsure of what to make of it.
Harvey seemed to chuckle softly before his gaze turned cold and distant. He said flatly, "I'll go change."
Alina furrowed her brow, puzzled by Harvey's indifference and strange attitude. The sense of unease she had felt over the past few days returned, and she couldn't shake it off.
But she quickly pushed those thoughts aside-she had a meal to finish.
She quickly plated the food and glanced at the three other dishes on the table. These four dishes were her specialties, and Harvey had always requested them whenever he wanted something she cooked.
She couldn't help but feel proud that he liked her cooking.
But Harvey's attitude had been off lately.
She felt a twinge of guilt. Still, a sliver of hope lingered. She was very clear on one thing now-she didn't want to lose him.
A few minutes later, Harvey came back out. He had changed into his loungewear. He looked over at the table, where the familiar dishes she had prepared were laid out.
They were all his favorites, the ones he always loved. But now, as he glanced at them, they felt bland and unappealing.
Harvey was waiting for Alina to initiate the breakup. Unfortunately, days had passed, and she still hadn't brought it up.
He wasn't sure what else she still had to consider.
Alina looked at Harvey with a bright smile and said, "It's been a while since I last cooked. For the past few days, I've been ordering takeout, haven't felt like cooking, but I made something tonight. You should try them and tell me if they tasted good." 
Harvey nodded lightly and sat down. He drank a few sips of water but didn't pick up his cutlery.
Noticing that Harvey wasn't eating, Alina blinked and asked, "What's wrong? Are you not hungry?"
She had put a lot of effort into tonight's dinner, and it looked delicious. Wouldn't he want to try it?
"Harvey, what's going on?" she asked again, concerned.
Harvey looked up at her, suddenly feeling like everything had lost its meaning. "Is there something you want to tell me?"
"What? I... I don't have anything to say. I've just been a little worried about you ately. You've been working late a lot, and I'm not sure how your health is handling it. Even though the dishes don't look as fancy as usual, I promise they taste great." Alina's heart skipped a beat. 
She wondered if Harvey had grown tired of her or maybe he already knew about her interactions with Theodore.
She didn't think Skylar would tell him, but her mind couldn't help but race with worries.
Harvey watched as Alina avoided his gaze and changed the subject. She wasn't going to admit anything and he had stopped expecting her to. He wasn't going to force the truth out of her. 
He glanced at the dishes, still steaming with their delicious aroma. In a low voice,
he said, "I've already had dinner. You go ahead and eat."
"What? What did you eat? I heard from Godfrey that all of you had just finished work. You didn't have time for dinner, did you?" Alina was surprised.
Harvey spoke flatly, "A sandwich."
After that, he stood up. He had decided to end their relationship once Alina finished her meal.
There was no point in wasting any more time.
###chapter1718
Alina watched Harvey retreat to the study, leaving her alone in the dining room. A wave of unease swept over her, leaving her momentarily dazed. There was a gnawing sense of foreboding she couldn't shake.
The anxiety mirrored the moment she discovered the villa's renovation plans had been changed without warning, leaving her scrambling to adjust on the fly.
Her stomach growled softly. She hadn't eaten lunch and was genuinely hungry. But now, her appetite was gone.
She took a deep breath and tried to steady herself, feeling utterly lost.
Just then, her phone buzzed. She glanced at the screen.
An unknown number was calling. Still rattled, she hesitated for a moment before answering. "Hello?"
"Is this Alina Jensen?" a woman's calm voice asked.
"Yes, it's me," Alina replied.
"I'm Theodore's fiancée-or, I should say, ex-fiancée. I just got a call from his parents. I just wanted to let you know. Theodore was in a car accident and is at Oakdale Hospital. If you have time, you should visit him," the woman explained evenly.
The woman on the phone spoke with a calmness that seemed out of place. She was not bitter or angry toward the person who had allegedly disrupted her engagement. Instead, she even offered a considerate reminder.
Alina didn't have time to dwell on it. She immediately asked, "A car accident? How did that happen?"
"I don't know the details. Car accidents happen all the time. But you two were each other's first loves, weren't you? You've known him far longer than I have, so you should know how he drives-constantly speeding.
"An accident like this was inevitable. Anyway, I have other things to do. Good luck rekindling whatever you two had. I'm done with him."
Her tone remained steady even when she said, "I'm done with him." Her calm demeanor was nothing like what one would expect from a fiancée in this situation.
Alina felt a jolt of disbelief.
Alina momentarily doubted this was
the same woman Theodore had described. He had claimed his
fiancée refused to accept the breakup, threatening suicide whenever he tried to end
things-crying, throwing tantrums, and even talking about hanging herself. Both families had blamed him, and he felt helpless. 
Yet, this composed call suggested the opposite. The woman said she was done with him. She even called his first love, which didn't sound at all like someone causing trouble.
But there was no time to dwell on this right now. The situation with Theodore's accident was unclear, and she had to rush to the hospital immediately.
After leaving the dining room, Alina noticed Harvey looking at her from the couch. That brief look made her heart skip a beat.
"I... A friend of mine was in a car
accident need to go to the hospital now. I'll come back in a couple of days when you're not busy," Alina said hurriedly, avoiding Harvey's gaze. 
She quickly changed her shoes. Just as she was about to open the door, she suddenly heard Harvey's voice. "Should I take you?"
Alina quickly refused. "No, no, you've had a long day at work. You need to rest. I'm heading home anyway, and I'll stop by the hospital on the way. He should be fine, so don't worry."
With that, she quickly pushed open the door and left, completely unaware of the sudden coldness in Harvey's gaze.
...
At the Oakdale Hospital, Skylar had just finished paying the fees.
She had been working overtime until about half an hour ago. As she was about to wrap up for the day, Caleb suddenly complained of severe stomach pain.
She quickly drove him to the hospital since they were the only two in the office working on a project.
Oakdale Hospital was the closest to their office, just a 20-minute drive away. After dropping Caleb off at the emergency room, she went to settle the payment.
The doctor had given a preliminary diagnosis of acute appendicitis, and surgery was required.
Caleb's parents were out of the country, and since Alexander was too old to come to the hospital, Skylar paid for the treatment and informed Alexander, who was on his way with the maid. 
###chapter1719
Holding the processed paperwork, Skylar hurried to the hallway outside the operating rooms. There were people standing and sitting outside several of the
rooms.
As she sent a message to Joe, she glanced at the situation around the operating
area.
Since Caleb's appendectomy was a minor procedure, she wasn't particularly worried. But many of the other families waiting for their loved ones to come out of surgery seemed anxious. Some couldn't hold back their tears due to worry.
Others were comforting their loved ones. By coincidence, sitting nearby, the elderly couple closest to her were holding each other and crying.
The elderly man seemed okay, though his eyes were red, but the elderly woman couldn't stop crying.
At first, Skylar didn't pay much attention to them, but when she overheard the name Theodore, she couldn't help but look over.
Opal Cannon said, "I've told him many times to follow traffic rules, not to speed, but he never listened. Now look at what happened. He's in a car accident, covered in blood. I don't know if he'll make it through."
Warren Webster sighed, shaking his head. "It's useless to talk about it now. Theodore's been a troublemaker since he was a kid. Did he ever listen to you?"
Having a troublesome son was a constant source of worry. Every day, it felt like they were walking on a tightrope, their heart always in their throat, never knowing when something would go wrong.
Opal's voice cracked as she continued, "I just called Lulu, she said she broke up with Theodore. She won't come to the hospital. Why does Theodore have to be so irresponsible? Lulu is such a good woman. He went and cheated on her, breaking her heart."
Losing the daughter-in-law she had hoped for, combined with the uncertainty of her son's condition after the accident, was too much for her to bear.
Skylar was taken aback by what she overheard. It was quite a coincidence to have run into Alina's first love's parents here.
"Theodore's ex-girlfriend is no good. I heard she's with another guy now. Why can't she just move on and stop trying to get Theodore? She's the one who's turned our lives upside down." Opal couldn't help but place all the blame on Alina.
Warren sighed in resignation. "It's pointless to talk about this now. Let's wait until Theodore's out of surgery and doing better, then we can talk with him."
Hearing this, Skylar frowned slightly.
It seemed that recently, there were still some lingering ties between Alina and Theodore. Looking back, it became clear that the things Alina had told her on WhatsApp the last time were not entirely truthful. 
When she had first met Alina at Janine's house, she had thought highly of her.
Just as Skylar was thinking about this, Alina suddenly appeared, hurrying over. She didn't see Skylar at first, spotting only Warren and Opal.
"Mr. Webster, Mrs. Webster, how is Theodore doing now?" Alina asked urgently.
When Warren and Opal saw Alina, their expressions shifted dramatically. It had been years since they had last seen her.
Theodore had started dating Alina during college, and his living expenses had increased significantly because of her. At first, he tried to hide it, but eventually, he told them the truth.
They had supported him dating
during college. After all, they understood that young people wanted to experience love, and they knew if they didn't support it he would still find someone on his own. 
However, Alina was quite extravagant with her spending. Back then, they had been frugal, carefully managing their finances to support their son's living costs.
Eventually the relationship ended
just before graduation, and they didn't ask too many questions. Now, Alina was back, disrupting Theodore's life once again, and they couldn't help but feel frustrated. 
Although Alina was more attractive than Lulu Beck, it didn't matter.
Opal looked displeased and said coldly, "Who told you Theodore is in the hospital?"
"It was Theodore's fiancée who called me," Alina said.
She noticed Opal's cold and judgmental expression and couldn't help but freeze
for a moment.
Since Alina started dating Harvey, she had met Janine twice. Janine was easygoing and elegant, never showing her disapproval.
However, Alina didn't hold it against Opal. Perhaps Opal's harsh demeanor was due to her concern for Theodore.
###chapter1720
Opal now had an intense dislike for Alina, convinced she was nothing more than a manipulative vixen who had ruined their family's peace. When Alina mentioned Lulu, Opal's face darkened further.
"If it weren't for you running their relationship, do you think Lulu would have stayed away after Theodore's car accident? She even called you. Lulu is just too kind."
Warren chimed in with equal displeasure, his tone stern. "Theodore's condition is still uncertain. He's in surgery."
Moments ago, Alina could convince herself to excuse their hostility as worry for their son. Now, she felt no need to justify it.
They clearly didn't like her. They preferred Theodore's fiancée, Lulu, which explained why Theodore kept vacillating between them.
Taking a deep breath, Alina said evenly, "I don't know how Theodore explained our relationship to you, but I didn't interfere in his engagement."
"If you weren't intent on being with him, why would you come to the hospital?" Opal's voice was sharp, and her beliefs were unshakable.
Alina felt humiliated. "If you have any doubts, you can ask Theodore when he wakes up."
Just as she finished speaking, her gaze shifted, and she suddenly spotted Skylar. Her face turned pale in an instant.
Skylar nodded at her politely but said nothing.
But Alina seemed to be in a daze as if she had lost her sense of self. She never imagined running into Skylar here. This encounter was far worse than their previous one.
Her lips parted as if to speak, but no words came. In this situation, the truth was painfully evident.
Just then, Alexander approached quickly.
He went straight to Skylar. "Skye, thank you for everything. It's just a minor surgery, you should head home and rest."
Skylar smiled calmly. "With Edgar at home, there's no rush. I'll leave once Caleb's surgery is done. Mr. Gardner Senior, you can wait in the ward if you'd like. The surgery should finish soon."
Despite his age, Alexander was in good health. "No need. Let's wait together for a bit."
Skylar nodded in agreement. Then she caught Alina watching her from the corner of her eye.
After a moment, Alina seemed to snap out of her daze and turned to Opal and Warren.
"Mr. Webster and Mrs. Webster, it's clear that I'm not welcome here. In that case, I'll leave."
With that, she hurried out, her steps unsteady.
Warren and Opal
were taken aback.
They had assumed Alina was hopelessly in love with their son, which explained her sudden
reappearance after all these net
years,
seemingly intent on disrupting his engagement. 
But now, after facing only a hint of indifference, she had spun on her heel and stormed off, as if the very thought of staying another moment was unbearable. 
The couple exchanged uneasy glances, a flicker of regret passing between them. If it turned out that Theodore had been chasing after Alina al along, and they had driven her away with their harsh words, he would undoubtedly be upset when he came out of surgery. 
The thought of alienating both sides weighed heavily on them—they didn't want to
risk losing everything in this precarious situation.
Skylar had been observing the whole scene from a distance, her expression remaining neutral, though she felt a twinge of discomfort.
Seeing Alina, someone Harvey cherished so deeply, being treated with such disdain, it felt as though someone had struck at Harvey's pride.
Skylar had only met Theodore once, and she wasn't trying to be biased toward Harvey. But she genuinely thought Theodore was no match for Harvey.
As for Alina... beauty was in the eye of the beholder. Sometimes, the allure of the first love wasn't simply a matter of who was better or who won.
Half an hour later, Skylar left the hospital.
As she approached her car, she noticed someone was standing in front of it.
###chapter1721
The person standing in front of Skylar's car was none other than Alina.
As soon as Alina saw Skylar approaching, she immediately grew tense, her earlier distracted demeanor quickly replaced by discomfort. She nervously met Skylar's gaze.
Skylar's gaze darkened imperceptibly as she saw Alina.
"Skylar, I... just now..." Alina began, her voice faltering. She had prepared reasons in her mind, but as soon as she met Skylar's gaze, all of her excuses felt empty.
Last time, she had been able to believe her own story. But this time, after seeing her at the hospital and hearing Theodore's parents speak of her as the third party, all the explanations she could offer seemed utterly untrustworthy.
"I saw everything just now. You don't need to explain," Skylar cut her off, her voice firm.
She didn't want to listen to Alina's explanation anymore. Having witnessed it twice with her own eyes, what had happened and the truth of the matter was unmistakably clear.
"I..." Alina's face turned pale, even more so than before. Her complexion had already been drained of color, but now she looked even more fragile.
Skylar walked up to the car and opened the door.
Seeing Skylar's demeanor, Alina quickly said, "Skylar, I'm sorry. I don't know what's been going on with me lately. I told myself that Harvey was the one I wanted to spend my life with, but then Theodore, someone who had once dazzled me in my youth, appeared out of nowhere. I've tried to be calm, but I just can't seem to calm my feelings.
"I know I shouldn't have kept my options open, and I never told Harvey the truth. I'm sorry. I'll tell him everything. I... I don't understand why I've become someone so selfish, someone I would've once looked down on."
Skylar paused for a moment after hearing Alina's words, contemplating before responding, "So, you don't love Harvey. You love yourself more."
With that, she opened the car door and got in. Without another word, she drove off.
Alina stood there, watching as the car disappeared, her eyes filling with tears.
She stood frozen for a long time, lost in thought. She thought, "Is it true? When you want everything, you end up with nothing?"
She had no idea how much time passed before her phone's ringtone finally snapped her back to reality.
She didn't even check who was calling. She just picked up the phone in a daze.
"Hello..."
"Theodore just came out of surgery. The first thing he asked when he woke up was about you. Get over here right away!
"But let me make myself clear, if you've ruined my son's good marriage, you're going to have to take responsibility. You'll marry my son but don't even think about asking us for a huge gift, and we're not buying you a house in Jipsburg either." 
"Why are you saying all this to her? What if she gets upset and throws a tantrum
and refuses to come? What will happen when Theodore finds out?"
"I'm just laying the cards on the table. It's because Theodore is so great that people like her chase after him."
Alina heard the voices of Opal and Warren coming from the phone.
She had never really considered what Theodore's parents were like, or what their family situation was. College romance was simple, sparked by attraction, with both sides young and full of idealistic dreams for the future.
So, as they grew older and learned more about choices and compromises, they couldn't help but long for that carefree love from their younger days.
But now...
A gust of wind blew, stinging Alina's face. It was cold. It was almost painful.
She exhaled deeply, feeling as though she needed to give closure to that chapter
of her youth. She turned around and headed back to the hospital.
As she stepped into the hospital, Alina failed to notice the car parked nearby. Harvey stood close, having overheard every word of the
exchange between Skylar and Alina. He also caught the moment Alina seemed momentarily dazed after answering the phone before she turned and disappeared back into the building. 
Half an hour later, Skylar parked her car, grabbed her bag, and got out, preparing
to head home. As she pulled her phone from her bag, a message from Harvey appeared on the screen.
"Skylar, I understand now what happened with Alina and her first love. Don't worry. I know what I need to do."
###chapter1722
Skylar thought for a moment before sending a simple emoji of a head pat and said nothing further.
Harvey had a strong inner resolve, a relationship that had no future couldn't truly hurt him.
...
In the ward, Alina stared at the scene before her, feeling like she had lost her mind. It was as if the past few weeks had driven her crazy.
She had been entangled with Theodore without control, all because of the beautiful memories they had shared in college. Before graduation, a misunderstanding had torn them apart when she saw Theodore having dinner with another woman.
In her impulsive anger, she believed he was seeing someone else, and they broke up.
Her mind was buzzing.
Theodore lay weak on the bed, probably still recovering from the effects of the anesthetic.
He suffered a compound fracture in his lower leg, which was surgically repaired. Fortunately, there were no other visible injuries. It was an unfortunate situation, but still a stroke of luck.
Opal and Warren, always outspoken and perhaps too confident in their son, took the opportunity to make judgments about Alina in front of him.
Opal eyed the expensive bag in Alina's hand. "That bag isn't cheap, is it? I saw this brand when I was scrolling on my phone. I heard it costs a few tens of thousands of dollars. You can't keep spending money like this if you marry Theodore. A simple bag is fine."
Alina glanced down at the bag. It had been a birthday gift from Harvey just a while ago. It cost more than just a few tens of thousands of dollars-more like several hundred thousand dollars.
Of course, Harvey never mentioned it. That was something she learned from a friend. Harvey never cared about money.
Opal noticed that Alina was silent and thought she had successfully gotten the upper hand on her. "I think those cheap bags on websites like Amazon are pretty nice. Maybe you could save up to buy some designer clothes for Theodore. He should look good when he starts working."
"This bag probably costs several hundred thousand dollars, and the clothes I'm wearing together cost almost one hundred thousand dollars," Alina said, snapping out of her daze.
All those first loves and unforgettable romances became nothing more than a joke in the face of his background and the harsh reality.
From the moment she arrived until now, Theodore had said nothing. He silently allowed Opal to lecture her without interruption.
For a brief moment, Alina felt like she had traveled back to the old days.
Theodore immediately glanced at her when he heard Alina's words frowning. He knew exactly where the clothes and bag she was wearing came from. They were gifts from her current boyfriend. 
He had even looked up Harvey online. The moment he saw Harvey's profile, it made him feel inferior.
Opal stared at her for a long moment before finally snapping out of it. She swallowed hard, saying, "Your outfit is worth around 200 thousand dollars? That's... too extravagant."
"Alina, you..." Theodore felt embarrassed, thinking that Alina's explanation of the price of the bag had made him and his family look bad.
Alina didn't even look at Theodore. It felt as if all the illusions had disappeared today.
She turned to Opal and said, "Mrs. Webster, Theodore and I are just college classmates. My parents never wanted me to compromise myself for someone else. So,
strongly disagree with some of your views." s?novel
"You!" Opal's eyes widened in disbelief.
Theodore stared at her in shock. "Alina, you're saying we're just college classmates? My mom doesn't understand these things. How could you argue with her over this?"
Alina looked at Theodore and said, "Yes, we dated in college but we were both too young and didn't
understand anything back then.
Now, we're adults, and you sho
understand how absurd those words were, especially for a modern woman. I'm sorry, but I have to go. I have other things to do."
Opal said, "Wait, hold on. Wait a minute. Are you saying you want to break up with Theodore?"
###chapter1723
Opal was not highly educated, but she understood everything that was being said. She stood in front of the door, refusing to let Alina leave.
Meanwhile, Warren glared at her angrily.
Both of them felt humiliated by Alina, and the words she had just spoken were incredibly harsh. Theodore's expression darkened.
"You've been tangled up with me for so long. Do you think Harvey can accept you?"
What happened between them that day had been wild. It was as if they couldn't control themselves.
In college, he had never managed to attain what he truly desired. But that night at Alina's apartment, he had finally claimed the one thing he had been yearning for all along.
No matter how impressive Harvey was, his girlfriend was still someone Theodore had slept with.
Alina's face turned ghostly pale. She regretted everything, and she had never felt so regretful in her entire life. She took a deep breath. "I will break up with him. But I won't be with you."
Then, she looked at Opal with a cold expression. "Please move aside."
"No! I won't let you go! Who do you think you are to show Theodore that attitude? And you think you can just walk away just because you say you're not involved with him anymore? Theodore told me everything! You two have slept together," Opal blurted out, not thinking before speaking.
Alina took a deep breath. All her feelings for Theodore had evaporated. She grew even more composed.
"If you keep blocking my way, I will call the police," Alina said firmly.
Theodore's expression darkened. "Are you rejecting me because my career isn't as good as Harvey's? Or because my family isn't as wealthy as yours? You can't have the life you want with me, is that it?
"Don't forget, you're the one who pursued me back in college, and not long ago, when we ran into each other, it was you who came after me, asking if things were a misunderstanding.
"I know that Harvey doesn't treat you that well, and that's why you're still hung up on me. But now you think he has money. That's why you're turning on me for having not enough. Why didn't I see how materialistic you are before?"
The harsh words made Alina's face turn even paler. Some people, trapped in their own darkness, project their twisted thoughts onto others. During the time she had spent with Harvey, he had always shown her respect.
She had rarely heard him mention money, and he never judged people based on wealth. His college friends, with whom he co-founded the
company, came from ordinane ne
families. In comparison, it became clear who was truly honorable. 
The more she thought about it, the sharper the pain in her heart. She knew exactly what she had lost.
"Theodore, there's no need to say more. We're adults now. After all these years since graduating college, we've seen all kinds of people. If we were just having a simple relationship, it wouldn't be so awkward.
"But when it involves family and others, you should understand-there's nothing more to discuss. There's no future between us."
With that, she pushed past Opal and quickly left the ward. Opal stood frozen for a moment, then her anger flared.
"What does she have to be so proud about? Does she think she's such a good girl? She parades around in designer clothes, but who knows how many men she's been with? The only reason Theodore didn't run her away was because he didn't mind her. But now she thinks she's too good for him," Opal seethed in anger. 
Warren had finally calmed down. He looked at Theodore and asked, "Is this Harvey that wealthy?"
Theodore, feeling utterly deflated, answered sharply, "Yes! I'm not as rich as Harvey. His entire family is loaded."
Warren's eyes flickered with calculation.
He was determined to find this Harvey guy who was trying to steal Theodore's girlfriend. He would make sure Harvey paid for
Theodore's emotional distresol
that didn't work, he would cause a scene–these wealthy people were always terrified of their reputations being damaged. 
...
Alina didn't expect to run into Harvey when she left the hospital.
The moment she saw him, her body stiffened. The pain in her head, which had ebbed earlier, surged back with intensity.
The two stared at each other for a long while. After several minutes, Harvey finally spoke, "Let's talk in the car."
Alina, still stiff with tension, nodded.
Once in the car, Harvey remained silent.
###chapter1724
The car window was partially open. A gentle evening breeze flowed in through the crack.
After about ten more minutes, Alina calmed herself and asked, "Did you know about everything?"
Harvey, having known for some time, had called off the renovation and became cold toward her in the following days. He had even refused the meals she cooked, not because of their taste but because he felt repulsed by her presence.
Alina felt filthy, and her thoughts were a mess. She knew she had betrayed him. "I knew from the day Theodore came to your house," Harvey said, his voice low and cold.
At those words, Alina's face drained of color.
That night with Theodore, everything had spiraled out of control. She hadn't thought about the consequences. Now, after time had passed and she had begun to reflect, she felt immense guilt toward Harvey and their relationship.
Facing Harvey, she felt unbearably ashamed. "I'm sorry, Harvey. I betrayed you... and I betrayed this relationship."
Harvey had put far more into their relationship than she had. He had been fully committed and responsible for their relationship. In contrast, she had only brought betrayal and deceit.
Harvey gave a slight smirk, his lips curling in bitter amusement. "So, you've come to your senses now, have you?"
Alina couldn't bear to meet his gaze. She was afraid of seeing nothing but hate in his eyes or perhaps a mocking reminder of her infidelity.
She lowered her head and wept, the tears falling relentlessly. She regretted it deeply, especially after the calm she had found earlier in the ward.
"I'm sorry, I truly am, Harvey. I know you were sincere with me, and I failed you. I betrayed your trust."
She knew that for the rest of her life, whenever she thought of Harvey, she would regret it.
As she cried uncontrollably, Harvey, who had been angry, suddenly felt it dissipate when he looked at Alina.
He said in a low voice, "I forgive you."
Alina lifted her tear-filled eyes in disbelief, her gaze full of hope as she looked at
him. "Harvey... would you really forgive me? Then... I... I promise I'II—"
"We'll just be friends from now on," Harvey said, his words final.
The time had come for him to let go of the relationship. When there was betrayal, no matter how much- someone changed, the feelings could never return to what they once were. 
The light that had flickered in Alina's eyes quickly vanished, leaving her in darkness.
Harvey spoke again, his tone firm. "I'm leaving."
Alina sat frozen, unable to respond.
She could hear Harvey getting out of the car, the door closing after him.
nearby drove off. It quickly
Then, the car that had been net
disappeared, just like Harvey. He was gone, and from now on, there would be no more Harvey in her life. 
She had lost someone as good as Harvey.
Unable to hold back any longer, she collapsed against the steering wheel and cried her heart out.
...
The next day, Skylar learned about Harvey and Alina's breakup. It was Janine who called to tell her.
"Did Harvey and Alina have a flight? It's normal for young couples to argue sometimes, but whenever I ask Harvey, he won't say anything. He just said they broke up. I was thinking of inviting them overfor dinner today," Janine said on the phone. 
###chapter1725
Skylar said, "Mom, Harvey has always been someone with his own mind. We should respect his decision. It's only been a short time since the breakup, so he might not be feeling great."
Janine understood now. It wasn't just a simple argument. "Do you know why they broke up?"
She had always had a good impression of Alina. It was rare for Harvey to harbor feelings for a woman, and yet, they broke up so soon.
"Now that they've broken up, the reason isn't as important," Skylar replied, feeling no need to tell Janine about Alina's betrayal.
Janine wasn't the type to pry into things anyway. As a mother who had raised all her children on her own, Janine knew that when they didn't speak about something, it probably wasn't a good reason. So, she decided not to ask.
"Alright, make sure to spend more time talking to him. Harvey isn't someone who dwells on things, but it's still tough after ending a relationship. He listens to you the most. After some time, I'll invite both of you over for dinner," Janine suggested. Skylar smiled as she listened. "Vivian misses your cooking."
"I miss Vivian too. But aren't you still busy with work? And Joe, too? How about you send Vivian to me this weekend? I'll have her play with Ted and me," Janine said.
As soon as she heard Vivian's name, all her sadness about not having a daughter-in-law vanished. Right now, nothing was more important than her granddaughter.
After the call with Janine ended, Skylar turned to Joe, who was having lunch with her. During lunch break, Joe happened to be nearby, so the two of them went to a nearby restaurant to have lunch together.
"Harvey won't let a relationship weigh him down. Don't worry," Joe said.
Skylar nodded. "I'm not too worried."
"When do you think the current project will wrap up?" Joe asked.
During this time, the two of them
barely saw each other except at night when they went to bed. The time they spent together as a couple had been significantly reduced There were things they wanted to do but just couldn't find the time. 
On top of that, Joe felt sorry for her, knowing how exhausted she was from her work, and didn't want to burden her further. Yet, deep down, he was struggling both physically and emotionally.
After years of marriage, Skylar could instantly understand what Joe was thinking from the way he shot her a sly glance. Her ears turned slightly red. "I won't be working late tonight," she said softly.
Joe's eyes lit up at her words. "Then I'll get everything ready."
Skylar was momentarily speechless. The restaurant was crowded, but when their gazes met, there was quiet tension in the air-unspoken, yet palpable. It was clear what would happen later that evening. 
Late at night, after an intense, passionate moment, Skylar stretched her aching back and legs as she made her way to the bathroom.
When she stepped out, she didn't find Joe in their room. But she did hear the sound of his voice coming from the next room-he was speaking to Vivian.
Vivian had woken up in the middle of the night again. Skylar immediately walked over to the door.
"Dad, I had a dream just now, and this time remember it. An old lady told me that someone was waiting for me and that she needed me. She told me to grow up well, and to learn more things from you and Mom." 
Vivian's soft, sweet voice rang out clearly in the quiet night.
Skylar stopped at the door, her hand resting on the handle. Normally, Vivian would forget her dreams after waking up in the middle of the night, often mentioning that
it felt like the same dream.
But this time, she could recall it.
###chapter1726
Skylar wondered which old lady was waiting for Vivian.
Joe's voice was soothing as he gently comforted Vivian. "Don't be afraid. Mom and Dad are here."
Vivian shook her head firmly. "I'm not scared. Dad, the old lady in my dream felt so familiar. She didn't just tell me those things. She also taught me how to recognize negative items."
Joe's body stiffened, and he turned to look at Skylar. Skylar's eyes widened with shock, a realization dawning on her.
Quickly, she hurried to their bedroom, opened the drawer of the vanity, and pulled out a photograph. Rushing back to Vivian, she asked, "Vivian, is this the old lady from your dream?"
Her voice was trembling, despite her best efforts to keep it steady.
Vivian, no longer feeling sleepy despite waking up in the middle of the night, looked at the photo. Her eyes lit up, and she smiled brightly. "Mom, how do you have the old lady's picture? That's her! She's the old lady in my dream."
Skylar froze, her shock evident. Joe's expression was equally grave.
The two of them took a moment to collect themselves, then gently put Vivian back to bed. They were both exhausted, but sleep was elusive. The revelation they had just learned was too overwhelming.
"Do you think it's just a coincidence?" Joe asked, his voice filled with doubt.
Skylar shook her head. "It can't be a coincidence. Our lives have changed so drastically, and it's affected Vivian too. For Grandma Viola to appear in her dream, there must be some sort of connection.
"And Vivian said that the old lady told her to grow up well, to learn important skills. Could it be that someone in the future will need Vivian's help?"
It was just a guess, but Skylar couldn't shake the feeling that there was more to it.
The two of them exchanged a long, heavy silence, both deep in thought.
For Joe and Skylar, Vivian was not only their daughter but their only child in this lifetime. They wished for her to live a smooth and successful life.
"If it's Grandma Viola's arrangement, then it must be for a reason. She will only help Vivian, she would never harm her," Skylar thought, suddenly feeling more at ease. 
Although Vivian was their daughter, the future was hers alone-a path she would
have to navigate on her own.
Joe raised an eyebrow and chuckled lightly. "You're right. Let's sleep now."
...
A few days later, two unexpected visitors were blocking the entrance of Hartford Group.
It was during office hours, and employees were trying to clock in. But the two elderly people were blocking the way, and no one dared to push them aside.
They were older, and with just a slight push, things could escalate into a problem. "We need to see your company's manager. It's Harvey, right? Tell him to come out, we need to speak with him," one of the elderly people shouted.
"If we don't meet him, we won't leave. And you all won't be able to get to work."
The couple's antics screamed trouble, the kind of stubbornness that wouldn't stop until they caused a scene.
Seeing this, one of the employees approached them cautiously. "Mr. Sullivan is on his way in. Can you us what this is about? If it's
something we can help with, we will.
But if you keep blocking the ne
entrance and preventing everyone from getting to work, this could escalate into a bigger issue, and it won't end well for you." 
Warren shouted, "He stole my son's girlfriend."
Opal, wiping tears from her eyes, added, "Do wealthy people think they can do whatever they want? Is it because they have money that they can steal someone else's girlfriend? If Harvey doesn't give us an O explanation today, we won't leave." 
These past few days, neither Theodore nor Opal and Warren, had stopped calling
Alina, but she had blocked them. She had been cold and dismissive.
They were sure that Harvey was behind this, and they couldn't let it slide. They couldn't allow Theodore to be humiliated like this.
###chapter1727
One of the employees said, "Stole your son's girlfriend?"
"Are you sure you've got this right? Mr. Sullivan has a girlfriend."
"And his girlfriend is the cousin of our CEO, Mr. Godfrey Earnshaw."
"Yeah! You must be mistaken."
Everyone who worked at the company knew what kind of man Harvey was. If it had been Godfrey or someone else, they might believe it. But the idea that Harvey had stolen someone's girlfriend was laughable.
There were plenty of women who wanted to marry Harvey, but in the past few years, he hadn't been interested in anyone except Alina. So the idea of him stealing someone's girlfriend was ridiculous.
"Is your Mr. Sullivan's girlfriend named Alina? Because Alina is my son's girlfriend," Opal quickly spoke up.
She thought that they didn't know anything. They worked for Harvey, so naturally, they would defend him.
If it weren't for Harvey's wealth, Alina would have stayed with Theodore. He was outstanding, just not as rich, but he had a promising future ahead.
When Alina's name was mentioned, everyone fell silent for a moment. Indeed, Harvey's girlfriend was named Alina.
They were surprised to learn that Alina had another boyfriend. No one could believe that she was the type to juggle two men at once.
The employees exchanged uneasy looks.
Seeing that many employees in front of the door had fallen silent, Opal felt a bit smug. "Now, do you believe us? Your Mr. Sullivan is just relying on his money to steal other people's girlfriends. It's truly despicable."
Opal's words were harsh.
Everyone was unsure about what to do since they didn't know the full truth. Just then, Godfrey arrived. Someone quickly updated him on the situation.
Godfrey had just learned in the past few days that Harvey had broken up with Alina. Although Harvey didn't share the details, Godfrey had spoken to Alina and knew part of the story.
It seemed that these two elderly people were Theodore's parents, and their behavior was truly bizarre. But he had to admit, Alina had really acted foolishly.
With a cold expression, Godfrey
stepped forward and addressed
Opal and Warren, who were standing at the door. "If you continue causing a scene, I will call the police
immediately. You know full well the kind of relationship they had-it was nothing more than a college
romance." 
Although Alina had made a mistake, Godfrey wasn't about to air her faults in front
of everyone. It was simply a momentary lapse in judgment.
Opal's and Warren's expressions
shifted when they realized that the person in front of them wasn't Harvey. Theodore had found a photo online to confirm Harvey's identity, and clearly, this man wasn't him. 
Warren asked, "Who are you? What do you know? We're looking for Harvey we need to speak with him. Even if the police are here, we won't leave. I don't believe the police can be bought off with money. 
Godfrey's temper flared. He turned to one of the nearby employees. "Call the police."
"Got it."
"I just called Mr. Sullivan. He'll be here soon," Godfrey added coldly.
Opal and Warren were momentarily startled by the mention of the police, but soon their indifference returned. They weren't concerned about the embarrassment.
In fact, they were hoping to get a substantial sum from Harvey today, or perhaps something of value like a property in Jipsburg.
"I forgot to mention, Harvey and Alina have broken up. So, you should think carefully before you continue making a scene. It won't be good for you," Godfrey warned coldly.
###chapter1728
Warren and Opal were taken aback. "They broke up?"
They assumed that if Alina wasn't with Theodore, it must have been because she wanted to stay with Harvey. The news that they had broken up so easily caught them completely off guard.
"You think we'd believe you just because you said they broke up?" Opal rolled her eyes.
These wealthy individuals carried themselves with an air of superiority, their noses lifted high as if they were above everyone else. They assumed everyone else was a fool who could be easily tricked with a few words.
Godfrey smirked coldly, suppressing the urge to curse Alina out loud.
Just because Theodore was her first love didn't mean she should idolize him. He couldn't imagine what kind of person Theodore would turn out to be, considering the behavior of his parents.
If Alina threw everything away for this so-called first love, she would regret it. He was certain that regret would come crashing down on her sooner or later.
Godfrey had been Harvey's classmate for years and knew him well. Once Harvey ended a relationship, there was no going back, especially when it involved infidelity on Alina's part.
"Believe it or not, I don't care. Right now, you're disrupting our employees from getting to work. There are only three minutes left before the workday begins. Any losses caused by your delay will result in a lawsuit, and we'll be seeking compensation," Godfrey said flatly.
He had no patience for people like this, and there was no need to sugarcoat things. Reasoning with them would be pointless.
The mention of compensation stunned Warren and Opal. The idea of being sued for money was beyond what they had anticipated.
"If I were you, I'd leave now. Our company has a legal team. Even if you plead poverty, you'll still be forced to pay. You might even become a defendant in court. That could affect your son's future-his job prospects, and even the future of your grandchildren," someone advised.
"Why bother explaining to them? It's obvious they're here to stir up trouble. Going on and on about Harvey stealing their son's girlfriend-wait until they're facing charges. Then they'll understand how foolish they had been to make such a scene."
Warren and Opal froze in shock when they realized that becoming defendants could not only affect Theodore but also jeopardize the future of their grandchildren.
Harvey arrived just then. He had been watching videos sent by employees, so he knew why Warren and Opal were there.
He hadn't expected the drama with Alina to continue even after their breakup. Harvey couldn't believe that Alina's first love's parents dared to confront him.
He regarded Warren and Opal with a cold, unyielding expression. "I'm Harvey. What do you want?"
Glancing at his wristwatch, he added, "You have 30 seconds. If my employees can't get to work on time because of you, I will hold you fully accountable for the consequences."
Harvey wasn't a saint, nor was he the type to show excessive respect or kindness to every elderly person. Startled by Harvey's commanding presence, Warren and Opal O
instinctively stepped aside. 
His air of authority was overwhelming, a frigid sternness that brooked no defiance.
One by one, the employees entered the building, leaving Godfrey behind. His face was filled with regret as he glanced at Harvey. After all, it was he who had introduced Alina to Harvey in the first place. 
"You have five minutes. State your purpose," Harvey spoke coldly and then glanced at his watch, starting the countdown.
Warren and Opal were both taken aback by Harvey's intimidating presence. They stood frozen for several minutes, trying to regain their composure.
But by the time they did, their confidence was nowhere near as strong as it had been when they first arrived.
"You stole my son's girlfriend and owe him an explanation. He's so heartbroken, that he's thinking about jumping off a building. If you don't give usa satisfactory answer, I call the press. Let's see if your company can withstand the fallout of a public scandal," Warren yelled, his voice rising. 
His voice grew louder, convinced that the power of his shouting would lend more
weight to his words and make him more convincing.
Opal chimed in immediately, her tone shrill and indignant. "If anything happens to
my son, you'll pay with your life."
"Is Alina Theodore's girlfriend?" he asked, his tone sharp.
"Of course! They've been together since college."
###chapter1729
The Webster couple spoke almost in unison.
Godfrey's face darkened. "College? How long ago was that? Do you know how many girlfriends Theodore has had since then? He even had a fiancée not long ago. I think you came here today just to extort money!"
Godfrey cut straight to the heart of the matter.
Theodore's parents exchanged nervous glances. "Didn't they get together again not long ago?"
Harvey's expression grew colder. Having known him for years, Godfrey could tell that Harvey was already very angry.
So, he quickly added, "Not long ago? Then it seems your son stole Harvey's girlfriend. If that's the case, Harvey should be demanding compensation from you!
"Because of your son, Harvey and Alina have already broken up. This kind of damage isn't worth anything less than tens of millions!"
"Tens of millions?" Harvey cast a glance at Godfrey.
Godfrey instantly raised the figure. "How about 100 million?"
"What? That's extortion! Alina willingly got together with my son. If you want money, go ask her! What does this have to do with my son? It's not my son's fault he's more charming than Harvey.
"Otherwise, why would Alina choose him?" Opal was completely stunned, her confidence crumbling.
Her panic made her lose all composure, and her argument was now entirely different from how she had started.
Warren tried to stop her, but it was too late. He now realized they were outmatched these people had the resources to crush them with money alone.
Harvey turned to someone behind Godfrey. "You recorded all of that, right? Save it and pass it to the lawyers later. I want them to ensure my and the company's rights are fully protected. Let them know the consequences of attempting extortion."
"Don't worry, Mr. Sullivan. I've recorded everything. The police should be here any moment!"
Hearing this, Warren and Opal were petrified. They exchanged desperate looks. "You... You're bullying us because you're rich! Why are you suing us? If you want to sue someone, sue Alina! Why involve us?" Opal exclaimed.
"Darling, let's get out of here! If the police show up, we're finished!" The two bolted without hesitation.
After watching them flee, Godfrey looked apologetically at Harvey. "I didn't expect it to turn out like this. Alina has really made a mess."
"It's fine," Harvey said, his face calm and composed.
Godfrey paused, surprised. He knew what that meant coming from Harvey-it meant he had completely let go.
Harvey no longer cared. Not about Alina or anything related to her.
This realization left Godfrey feeling a sense of melancholy.
Later, when Godfrey returned to his office, he sent Alina a message.
He briefly explained what had happened and couldn't resist adding a scolding remark, "How could you fall for someone like that? One day, you'll regret this. There's only one Harvey in this world!" 
fors
Alina, meanwhile, had been holed up at home for days, avoiding the outside world and taking leave from work it was as if she was hiding from the version of herself she had been during that time. 
When she saw her cousin's message, her face instantly turned pale. Her hands trembled as she searched for Theodore's number.
"Alina! You finally called me! I knew you couldn't bear to stay away from me! I was
wrong before I shouldn't have let my parents talk about you like that.
"I've spoken to them, and they realize they were wrong. They won't say such things again, nor will they interfere in our relationship.
"If we get married, I'll give you everything I have—anything you want!" Theodore was overjoyed to receive her call.
Alina took a deep breath. "Theodore, we only had a brief fling recently. We never defined our relationship as a couple, let alone talk about marriage.
"There is no chance of us getting back together. Moreover, allowing your parents to confront Harvey is like pushing them into the fire pit. You're gambling with your own future.
"I'm warning you-stop causing trouble. If this continues, you'll end up with nothing. And if you or your parents keep harassing Harvey.
under the pretense that I'm kne
your
girlfriend, I will call the police or even sue you!" 
###chapter1730
"Alina, is money all you care about now? Are you rejecting me and my family just because Harvey is rich?" Theodore stubbornly latched onto this idea.
Alina realized just how ridiculous she had been during this time. "Think whatever you want. Just don't bother me anymore!"
With that, she ended the call.
Looking back at her conversation with Godfrey, she felt her heart ache as if it were being torn apart.
After calming herself, she thought about apologizing to Harvey. She wanted to call him but couldn't muster the courage.
She didn't know how to face Harvey. In the end, she could only send him a text. "I'm sorry."
But that text seemed to disappear into the void, with no response from Harvey.
She knew she shouldn't expect any reply from him. Yet, deep down, a voice kept whispering that maybe, just maybe, Harvey would forgive her one day.
But she knew better. That was just a fleeting hope-a wishful, extravagant dream.
When Charles heard about Harvey's breakup, his jaw almost dropped to the floor. That afternoon, after finishing his scenes, he quickly changed clothes, requested leave from the crew, and headed straight to Galaxy Villa.
Skylar wasn't home, but Joe and Vivian were.
On his way, Charles had the foresight to buy toys and books, which he eagerly presented to Vivian as soon as he arrived.
"Look at the toys I got you! These
?
are the latest, most popular dolls for girls! And these picture books
read through them on the way here, and they're fantastic!" 
Vivian wasn't particularly interested in dolls. Recently, she had been fascinated by books on ancient
artifacts and enjoyed nea
coins. 
old
Still, she didn't want to disappoint her uncle, so she nodded enthusiastically. "Thank you, Uncle Charles. I love them!"
Charles beamed with pride. "If you ever want anything, just let me know! I will get it for you!"
Charles really had a way with kids. Even Steven's two children adored him. And now, he had won over Vivian, too.
With kids like them around, who needed his own? Charles was already planning on relying on them to take care of him in his old age.
Joe glanced at the toys Charles had brought and smirked faintly.
"Joe, when is Skye coming home?" Charles asked, checking the time. It was already past five, but Skylar hadn't returned.
"She'll be back soon," Joe replied.
Noticing that Joe was as quiet and reserved as ever, Charles's lips twitched. "Okay, I'll wait."
"What do you want for dinner?" Joe asked.
Charles wasn't picky. He'd eaten a big lunch and wasn't very hungry. "Anything is
fine. I'll eat whatever you guys are having."
The real reason Charles had come
was to find out why Harvey had
broken up. He couldn't ask Harvey
directly-he knew his brother
wouldn't tell him. 
Joe immediately saw through Charles's intentions. He might be good at acting,
but outside of work, he wasn't exactly subtle.
###chapter1731
Charles had clearly come looking for Skylar to find out why Harvey and his girlfriend had broken up.
When Joe gave him a strange look, Charles immediately felt his hair stand on end. "Why are you looking at me like that? There's nothing on my face, right?"
He had made sure to wash his face thoroughly before leaving the set. There shouldn't be anything odd about it.
But Joe's gaze was unsettling.
"Nothing," Joe said before shifting his gaze away.
Charles twitched his lips and thought, "Nothing? Then why use such a creepy look?"
No wonder this guy could manage the Martin Group-one look could scare someone half to death. He couldn't figure out what Skylar saw in Joe.
If it weren't for Skylar and Vivian, Charles wouldn't have come to Galaxy Villa so easily.
Yet, he waited and waited-even through dinner-and Skylar still hadn't returned. "Is Skye really this busy lately? It's already seven and she's still not back. Did she eat dinner at work?" Charles was running out of patience.
Joe raised an eyebrow. "She didn't tell you? Natalie came back today and asked to meet her."
"What?" Charles shot up from his seat.
He had been sitting here foolishly waiting for her, only to find out Skylar wasn't coming back! And she hadn't even told him!
Joe, who had initially felt a little uncomfortable knowing Skylar wouldn't be back until late, suddenly found Charles's shocked and disappointed expression amusing.
"I waited for her for hours!" Charles was fuming.
He didn't tell Skylar he was coming, assuming she'd see him when she got home. But it turned out she wasn't coming back at all!
Joe's tone carried a hint of gloat when he said, "It's just a few hours."
Charles
la prov nutd sense Joe was
at him, but he had no wat
it. Finally, he gritted his
teeth. "Fine, I'm leaving." 
"Okay."
"Goodbye, Uncle Charles!" Vivian breathed a sigh of relief. She had already read the books Charles brought. Now that he was leaving, she didn't have to keep pretending to find them interesting. 
She would much rather spend her time reading some classics.
Charles forced a smile as he left.
After getting into the car, his mood remained gloomy. He had waited for a few hours!
"Shall we head home?" the driver asked.
"Yeah," Charles replied dejectedly. Where else could he go? He had even taken time off work!
All he wanted was to figure out why Harvey had broken up. His mother wouldn't say, Harvey wouldn't say, Skylar was avoiding him, and Steven, who was always busy, didn't seem to care. 
Steven had said Harvey was an adult, and as elder brothers, they didn't need to
know so much about his relationships.
These days, breaking up a few or even dozens of times was normal.
But Charles' curiosity was killing him! Still, it was pointless.
Even if Skylar knew, she might not tell him.
###chapter1732
It was clear that if no one was talking about it, the issue must be quite serious.
"Guess I'll just go home and study my script!" Charles thought to himself.
Once again, he realized that finding a girlfriend wasn't worth the effort. The fleeting curiosity he'd had recently could be put on hold. Filming and working with scripts were far more fulfilling.
Just a few minutes later, his manager called. "There's an outdoor reality show about experiencing rural life. Would you be interested in joining? I checked the participant list—it's pretty good. Plus, you could treat it like a mini-vacation, and the pay is decent."
"Outdoor life?" Charles's interest was piqued.
"Yep, in the countryside. Didn't you say you wanted to take a break and go on a trip? This would be a great opportunity to connect with nature," his manager encouraged.
Knowing Charles had grown up in the countryside, the manager was confident he'd enjoy this type of program. Plus, it was a chance for Charles to show a different side of himself to his fans.
Charles thought for a moment. "You decide. As long as there aren't any annoying people, I'm fine with it."
"Of course not! There are three female celebrities in the lineup, and all of them have good reputations. Trust me, I've screened everything carefully," the manager assured him.
He knew Charles's personality all too well-despite being a superstar, Charles despised arrogance and laziness on set.
"Alright then."
...
In a private room of a stew restaurant, steam billowed from the stew as it bubbled
with a variety of ingredients, filling the air with a mouthwatering aroma.
Natalie was practically drooling. "I didn't even bother adjusting to the time difference. I've been craving this! And I've missed you like crazy!"
"Here, look at your favorites. They're ready. Dig in!" Skylar said, genuinely touched.
Natalie's return was sudden. Just a while ago, she'd said she wouldn't be able to visit for the foreseeable future, and Skylar had been planning to visit her abroad. Yet here she was, back already.
Skylar couldn't shake the feeling that something was off about this trip.
Natalie eagerly took a bite, her face lighting up with delight. The more she ate, the happier she looked.
"Nothing beats the authentic taste here! Even when the ingredients are air- shipped, they don't taste the same. This is heavenly!"
"Delicious right? I even got other things that you like. It's all here," Skylar said. She had called the
restaurant right after Natalie's phone restagrant
call to ensure everything was fresh and perfect. 
Natalie nodded enthusiastically. "You know me so well! It's amazing, absolutely amazing."
"How long are you staying this time?" Skylar asked as she ate.
Natalie's eyes flickered. "Not sure. I'm planning to stay for a while to spend time with my parents."
Skylar understood immediately and guessed there might be trouble. Natalie had returned alone this time without bringing her children. "Your parents must miss you a lot."
"They're not in great health right
now. Once I've had a chance to rest, I plan to take them for a thorough checkup at the hospital. Otherwise, I won't feel at ease," Natalie said, her tone tinged with emotion. 
The years of only seeing her parents through video calls had muted her sense of their aging. Seeing them in person now, the signs were unmistakable-gray hair had multiplied.
Skylar nodded. "If you need help, just call me."
"I can bring them to the hospital myself. I know you're really busy these days. Let's just grab meals and go shopping when we can.
"But seriously, Skylar, how do you still look the same after all these years? Your skin is so firm—I'm so jealous!" Natalie stared at Skylar's face, full of envy.
She had started doing small cosmetic treatments herself to maintain her skin's smoothness and glow.
Skylar laughed. "It's just good lighting. I've been working so hard lately, I've even got fine lines around my eyes."
Skylar was at peace with the idea of aging. Time would inevitably leave its marks.
Halfway through the meal, Natalie finally revealed the real reason for her sudden return. "Are you wondering why I came back so suddenly?"
"Are you ready to talk about it?" Skylar asked, genuinely concerned.
Natalie shrugged. "It's not a big deal, really. I've just grown tired of being a stay-at-home mom. Even though I have some business to manage in Flance, I'm just fed up with
Life
abroad. 
"Plus, I found out that Austin's family has been secretly arranging mistresses for
him. It made me so uncomfortable, and we ended up having a huge fight."
###chapter1733
After the argument, Natalie felt it was pointless to keep fighting. Without much thought, she booked a flight and came back to the country.
With housekeepers and nannies at home, she felt reassured about leaving. During her journey, the butler kept updating her about the children's situation.
As for Austin? Natalie now believed he was perhaps too comfortable abroad. Even his parents were actively setting him up with mistresses, as if they thought they were living in a historical drama.
They seemed convinced Austin's health was robust enough to handle multiple women, completely disregarding her feelings.
Natalie scoffed internally. If Austin could have multiple women, why couldn't she? With how appealing younger men were these days, she could easily have her pick as a wealthy woman.
If worse came to worst, they could just hurt each other equally.
Seeing the anger flicker in Natalie's eyes, Skylar frowned. "How ridiculous."
If it weren't for Austin's parents constantly causing trouble, Natalie and Austin might have had a harmonious relationship. They had three adorable children, after all.
How had things come to the point where they were arguing and living apart from each other?
"This is nothing. Not long ago, one of Austin's cousins even arranged for someone to seduce him and spiked his drink. To be honest, I don't see this lasting more than two years at this rate.
"That's why I came back. I plan to invest in some properties and businesses here and start looking into schools for the kids. I want to be prepared," Natalie said calmly.
She was no longer the na?ve 20-year-old Natalie who believed love could conquer all. She knew she had to prepare for the worst.
With the way things were going, Austin might very well end up with multiple wives and mistresses.
And she was done playing along.
Skylar's heart ached at her words. "If you need help, you must let me know."
"Of course. If I really need help, I won't hold back," Natalie replied.
Though the conversation wasn't cheerful, it didn't diminish Natalie's appetite for the delicious meal. The stew was simply too good.
After dinner, Skylar drove Natalie home. Kate came out to welcome them.
Once Natalie was inside, Kate stopped Skylar, worry etched across her face. "Skye, is Natalie alright? Her father and I have been asking her, but she keeps saying
vei
everything's fine. We don't know
what else to do." 
Parents always worried about their children, and no one understood them better than their parents.
Natalie's sudden return was unusual. Her children were still young, and it didn't seem like the right time for her to visit home. Her parents couldn't help but think that something was wrong. 
She moved abroad with her husband. If she was wronged, they couldn't help her because of the distance.
Seeing the concern in Kate's eyes, Skylar smiled reassuringly. "Mrs. Jakeman, you know how Natalie is. She's probably just bored abroad and homesick after being away for so long. 
"We had stew tonight-look at our stomachs, they've grown a whole size bigger!
How could anything be wrong with an appetite like that?"
If she could eat and laugh, it was likely nothing too serious.
Kate relaxed. "That's good to hear."
A few minutes later, Skylar drove back to Galaxy Villa. When she got home, she found out Charles had visited earlier.
"He probably came because of Harvey and Alina's breakup," Skylar said directly. Joe nodded. "Most likely."
"You two spent several hours together? And even had dinner?" Skylar was surprised. After all, Charles usually avoided being alone with Joe.
It was different if others were around, but being alone for an extended period made Charles feel suppressed.
Joe smirked knowingly. "With Vivian there and his curiosity about gossip, he probably managed to endure it."
"He knows Harvey won't say anything, Steven doesn't care much about Harvey's relationships, and my mom doesn't know the details either.
"So he figured the most reliable way to find out what he wanted was to come to me," Skylar said.
Suddenly, Joe pulled Skylar into a hug, resting his chin on her head.
###chapter1734
Skylar smiled and said, "My hair smells like stew."
"I've already prepared the bath for you. Want me to join you?" Joe lowered his head, his lips brushing near her ear, his tone teasingly intimate.
Skylar felt her ears tingle.
Even after years of marriage, Joe knew exactly how to seduce her.
"Let's bathe together," he decided for her, giving her no chance to respond.
Then he scooped her up and carried her to the bathroom.
...
Natalie lay on the bed after her bath, unable to sleep. She was clearly tired, even drowsy, but no matter what, she couldn't drift off.
She wasn't sure if it was because of jet lag or something else, but sleep simply wouldn't come.
Austin hadn't reached out to her today. Since she left, he hadn't called her once. His indifference suggested that perhaps he had lost all patience with her.
Or maybe, after years of his parents' sugar-coated persuasion and relentless efforts, they had finally planted the idea in his head that it was perfectly normal for a man to have multiple wives and mistresses.
Sometimes, Natalie couldn't understand Austin's mother. Having endured the hardship of competing with other women for her husband's attention, why would she support and perpetuate such a concept?
Did she think that since she had gone through it, other women should experience the same?
Natalie was tired of everything after all these years.
Even the strongest bond between her and Austin couldn't withstand the constant drama. Repeated incidents had drained her emotionally.
There were times she wondered if it was her own inadequacy that had led to this.
However, this time, she was serious about making preparations. When she returned, she planned to divorce Austin.
One week later, Charles participated in a variety show.
It was the outdoor countryside show that his manager had mentioned. The show was set in a remote mountainous village, requiring the entire crew to hike their way up.
Charles, who exercised regularly and had grown up in the countryside, found the hike easy. While he hadn't lived in such impoverished areas, he was no stranger to climbing hills and playing in rivers as a child, 
However, the climb wasn't as easy for the female cast members. Everyone was carrying equipment and with cameras documenting every moment, even if they wanted to complain or stop, they had to endure and push forward. 
At that moment, a female artist caught up to Charles.
"Mr. Sullivan, you're amazing! You've been climbing this whole time without a
break," she said with admiration.
The female artist had worked on a
project with Charles previously,
though she had a minor role and
didn't have any scenes with him. She
had only appeared in the
background a few times.
Charles didn't seem to recognize her. His tone remained indifferent as he replied, "I'm tired now, too."
"Then let's take a break? I brought some fruit," the female artist suggested, her eyes lighting up.
Joining a variety show like this was all about creating buzz and visibility.
Although her reputation was decent, she lacked the kind of buzz-worthy topics that could elevate her career.
If she could stir up some rumors or interaction with Charles, it might help her land better roles.
###chapter1735
She rarely resorted to such tactics in the past. But lately, she was strapped for
cash.
Her grandmother and younger brother were both hospitalized, and the daily medical bills were overwhelming. Her acting fees were low, and the pay for this variety show wasn't much either.
On top of that, her work opportunities were limited due to her lack of fame, and her company took a high cut of her earnings. She was truly stretched thin financially.
So, she felt compelled to do this, even though it left her conflicted.
Moreover, it was evident that Charles wasn't interested in stirring up rumors with anyone. He hadn't spoken much to the other two female artists along the way.
The other two actresses were more prominent than she was. The show had brought her in because she had previously played a maid for these actresses in a drama, which would help accentuate their stature.
She extended the apple in her hand toward Charles, but he didn't take it.
"No, thank you," Charles declined. His refusal was polite.
However, Thelma Johnston's face flushed uncontrollably. Her hand, holding the apple, trembled slightly.
She had once looked down on people who used such tactics to create buzz, yet now she found herself doing the same. Being rejected only made her feelings more complicated.
Simply said, it was embarrassing.
She lowered her head to hide her pale face.
At that moment, another actress, Sienna Conner, walked over.
"I brought some protein bars. Do you guys want any?" Sienna asked, not just Charles but the group of celebrities around them.
Sienna was a skilled actress with a solid reputation and had worked with Charles before. Everyone was familiar with her.
Audiences adored Sienna for her approachable and likable personality.
But Thelma knew what Sienna was like behind the scenes. Before entering the entertainment industry, Thelma had worked as Sienna's assistant and had seen how overbearing Sienna could be in private-nothing like her public persona.
After Thelma entered the industry, she initially landed some minor roles, even playing a third lead in one drama.
But Sienna suppressed her.
To make ends meet, Thelma ended up taking background roles or parts that others didn't want, including playing Sienna's maid in a drama, In that rote, her makeup was deliberately done poorly to make her look worse. 
The others accepted Sienna's protein bars.
Thelma took a deep breath and stood awkwardly to the side.
Sienna handed Charles a protein bar. "Mr. Sullivan, want one?"
Her tone was casual, much more so than Thelma's had been. All eyes turned to Charles.
Charles glanced at Sienna and replied, "I just ate, but thank you."
Sienna's expression faltered slightly, though she hid it well.
Thelma silently breathed a sigh of relief.
After a quick rest, the group resumed their hike. They had to cross the mountain
to reach their destination.
Weighed down by her thoughts and still feeling the sting of Charles'
line
Sanction, Thelma fell to the
back of the group and didn't attempt ak to him again. 
At some point, Sienna appeared beside her.
There were no cameras pointed at them at that moment.
Sienna leaned in and said quietly, "You weren't trying to create a scandal with
Charles just now, were you?"
Thelma bit her lip and replied, "I'm not like you."
"Not like me? Weren't you the one who climbed over me to get into the industry?
And now you want to play the victim? Who are you fooling?
"I recommended you for this job to the production team. I wanted remind you—you'll always be
someone else's maid, whetene
on-screen or off." Sienna sheered. 
The thought of her former assistant entering the industry—and being more
beautiful than her-was something Sienna couldn't stand.
People had even commented before that Thelma had a better temperament than Sienna.
###chapter1736
What a joke!
So what if Thelma had a better temperament? She still ended up playing the maid!
Even on this variety show, she was just here to serve as a contrast to Sienna.
Thelma's face turned pale. "Sienna, I've never done anything to harm you. Why won't you let me go? When I was your assistant, I always did my job diligently. Don't push me too far."
Sienna glanced at Charles in the distance and sneered. "If you had stayed as an assistant and never thought about entering the entertainment industry, I wouldn't have done anything to you.
"But you insisted on breaking into this industry. And don't even think about using Charles to create a buzz or riding his coattails. If I can't do it, you won't, either."
Everyone knew Charles didn't have a girlfriend or any scandals at the moment. Many actresses wanted to be linked to him to break through their career bottlenecks.
But Charles had always kept his distance from female celebrities, leaving everyone puzzled.
Some speculated that Charles might have a secret girlfriend outside the industry, someone he kept hidden from the public. Otherwise, why wouldn't he pair up with someone in the industry for publicity or romance?
"Sienna, you're going too far!" Thelma's face flushed with anger.
If it had been yesterday, she might have retorted confidently. But just earlier, she
had indeed entertained the idea of leveraging Charles for publicity.
Half an hour later, the group finally reached the mountaintop, where the production team allowed everyone to rest.
The view from the top was stunning, and the crew took the opportunity to capture some scenic shots.
Charles pulled out his phone and took a few pictures, which he shared in the family group chat.
A few minutes later, Harvey noticed something and replied. "Charles, is that my classmate Thelma in your photo? I heard she entered the entertainment industry."
"Your classmate?"
"Yes, we were high school classmates. She doesn't keep in touch much, but I recently heard she's in the industry. Apparently, her family went through some tough times, and she really needs money. 
"Otherwise, with her abilities, she would have attended the same university as
me. Unfortunately, she dropped out in her final year of high school."
Reading this, Charles suddenly felt that he might have been a bit too cold toward Thelma earlier. He vaguely remembered her being very focused and hardworking during filming. 
With that in mind, he grabbed a bottle of water and walked over to Thelma.
"Want some water?" He offered the bottle of water when he reached her.
Thelma, engrossed in her phone, had slightly red eyes as if she had been crying. Caught off guard by Charles' sudden approach, she didn't have time to hide her emotions. She looked up at him, startled. "Huh?"
Seeing the bottle, she quickly understood and said, "Thank you."
She took it immediately, but then, realizing her current emotional state wasn't stable, she hurriedly lowered her head.
Charles hadn't expected to catch her at a bad moment. It was obvious she was upset about something.
Remembering Harvey's words, he
didn't say much but made a mental note to help Thelma during the show whenever he could. After all, she was Harvey's classmate.
Besides, Harvey had just gone through a breakup. If he still remembered a high
school classmate, maybe he had some feelings for her back then.
As his elder brother, perhaps Charles could help set them up!
He smirked to himself.
Not far away, Sienna was stunned. Did Charles just approach Thelma?
###chapter1737
Not only did Charles talk to Thelma, but he also went out of his way to give her a bottle of water.
Although this scene wasn't captured by the cameras-it was a private moment-it still conveyed a message that Charles' attitude toward Thelma wasn't ordinary.
In the past, during filming breaks, it was rare to see Charles interact with female co-stars unless it was necessary for rehearsing lines. Beyond those few words, he would remain completely detached.
"What's going on here? Charles seems to be treating Thelma differently," another actress whispered to Sienna.
Sienna, who maintained a composed public persona, replied indifferently, "Really? I didn't notice anything unusual."
"I've never worked with Charles, so I'm not sure how he interacts with actresses privately. But I've heard he avoids contact with them to prevent rumors.
"Or maybe he has a girlfriend outside the industry, which is why he's uninterested in co-stars," the actress speculated in a low voice.
Behind the scenes, everyone loved gossiping.
Even insiders weren't necessarily privy to much more than the public when it came to certain people-especially someone like Charles, whose squeaky-clean private life made others incredibly curious.
Sienna smiled faintly. "I've worked with Charles before, but I've never heard about him having a girlfriend."
The other actress, envious of Sienna, said, "You're so lucky! I heard your career's been thriving lately because the drama you did with Charles was a huge hit.
"If I could star in a drama with him, I'd be over the moon. Still, I can't shake the feeling that Charles treats Thelma differently."
After all, he gave water only to Thelma, completely ignoring the two of them.
Compared to Thelma, who was virtually invisible in the entertainment world, the other two actresses had far greater fame.
Sienna grew increasingly annoyed by the actress' chatter and stopped responding. Her gaze, however, turned icy as she looked at Thelma.
During her break, Skylar saw the scenic photos Charles posted in the group chat, which brought back childhood memories.
When Harvey identified someone in the photo as his former classmate, Thelma, she was a little surprised.
A high school classmate Harvey hadn't interacted with much-how could he recognize her from such an inconspicuous spot in the picture?
Just as she was mulling it over, Charles messaged her privately.
"Harvey's behavior seems off. Could it be that he had a crush on Thelma in high school? Now that he's single, should I give him a little push?
Maybe set up a meeting? 
"I happen to be filming a variety show with Thelma for the next week or so. I'll use
the time to get to know her better."
It seemed they were on the same idea.
But Skylar thought it over. Perhaps Thelma dropping out of high school had on
left a strong impression School
Harvey, and they were overthinking
it. 
It wasn't the right time to ask Harvey anyway, given that he was still healing from
his breakup with Alina.
So, Skylar replied, "I don't think it's
necessary for now. If Harvey wants Thelma's contact information, he'll ask
for it. We shouldn't interfere too much in his love life." 
"Alright. I'll have my manager look into Thelma's background and get prepared."
Skylar paused, then replied, "That's not a bad idea."
After all, this was the first time Harvey had shown interest in a female classmate. It wouldn't hurt to be ready.
After a one-hour lunch break, the group resumed filming.
Thelma stared at the bottle of water in her hand, lost in thought for a long time.
Once filming restarted, she snapped out of it, but her mind was heavy with worry. Sienna's words lingered in her heart like a sharp nail.
If she exploited Charles, how would that make her any different from Sienna?
As for the money she desperately needed, she would have to find another way.
###chapter1738
Worst came to worst, she just had to agree to Warwick Bourn's proposal and become his lover for three years.
The thought of Warwick made her heart resist uncontrollably.
Climbing the mountain was slow, but descending was much faster. In just over an hour, they were back down at the foot of the mountain.
At the foot of the mountain was the village where they were filming.
The production team had arranged accommodations in advance, renting a house from a villager. It had a courtyard and several rooms, enough to house them all.
The male artists shared one room, and the female artists shared another. The production team occupied the other rooms.
At dinner, the crew announced the next task.
Pairs were to be formed, and it was clear they wanted to create some drama- each pair would consist of one male and one female artist.
And the groups were to be formed freely.
As soon as the director finished speaking, the artists exchanged glances. Those who had previously worked together or were easygoing quickly paired up.
However, Charles didn't take the initiative.
Sienna gave him several meaningful looks, but he didn't acknowledge her, leaving her no choice but to pair with another male artist who was actively seeking a partner.
Thelma, almost like a lucky afterthought, ended up with Charles. She belatedly said to Charles, "Mr. Sullivan, don't worry. I won't drag you down."
Charles, indifferent to whether anyone held him back, replied, "I won't drag you down either."
Thelma was a little surprised. She hadn't expected Charles to be as approachable as he turned out to be. It starkly contrasted with his reputation.
Perhaps it was because she had resolved in her heart to find Warwick after the program ended that she wasn't as cautious around Charles anymore.
As long as she avoided any actions that could spark gossip, viewers wouldn't latch onto any rumors. This way, she wouldn't trouble Charles.
As for Warwick... His jealousy ran deep. If she agreed to him, she might not get any more acting opportunities for the next few years.
"Can you start a fire?" Charles asked her.
Snapping out of her thoughts, Thelma nodded. "Yes, I can."
"Then you start the fire, and I'll cook Winning today means we can
choose tomorrow's tasks first, &\
Charles said, confident in his
cooking skills. 
Looking at Thelma, he figured she didn't seem like the type who could cook.
Half an hour later, while the other
two teams still struggled to get their fires started, Thelma had already
skillfully lit hers and even begun helping Charles chop vegetables. 
"This fire keeps going out!"
"We can't get ours lit either!"
The other two teams turned to see Charles and Thelma calmly working away, their fire burning steadily. They were amazed.
Not only that, but the duo had already started preparing ingredients, making the others anxious.
Sienna's eyes darted around before she ran over to ask Charles, "Mr. Sullivan, our fire won't light. How did you do it?"
"It was Thelma who lit it," Charles replied coolly. Couldn't she see he was busy preparing ingredients?
When Sienna heard it was Thelma, she initially looked surprised, then subtly tried to disparage her.
"Thelma, can you teach me how to start a fire? Oh, now that I think about it, didn't you grow up in the countryside?"
In truth, Thelma didn't look like
someone who grew up in the countryside. Her features were strikingly refined and eye-catching, more like someone who had lived a pampered life. 
###chapter1739
Thelma was particularly fair. While her features might not stand out individually, together they created an alluring mix of innocence and sensuality.
She had the kind of appearance men would be deeply attracted to and women would often envy.
Coupled with her perfect proportions and her graceful neck-she looked like a trained dancer who had been practicing since childhood.
Thelma lifted her head, her expression calm as she looked at Sienna and said, "I was just lucky."
She didn't entertain Sienna any further and returned to slicing vegetables. She had already decided to leave the entertainment industry, so there was no need to worry about public perception anymore.
What the audience thought no longer concerned her. She understood Sienna's intentions—to subtly highlight her humble background and, secondly, to get her help with starting the fire.
When Thelma dismissed her with just one sentence, Sienna's smile froze momentarily.
Looking at Charles, who also seemed uninterested in talking to her, Sienna realized that insisting on more conversation would only embarrass herself further. "I'm so envious. Hopefully, I'll get lucky soon and manage to light the fire."
Another half hour passed, and the production team, unable to bear watching the other two groups struggle, finally stepped in to help them.
Meanwhile, Charles and Thelma were quietly efficient, only exchanging necessary words.
"Should the potatoes be shredded or sliced?"
"Shredded."
"Cut the chicken thighs into chunks."
"I'll make a cold dish."
"Alright."
They worked seamlessly together, complementing each other.
While the other groups were struggling to make even one dish, Charles and Thelma had already prepared three dishes.
One dish was set aside for the competition. Then, they started to eat the other two dishes they were famished after a day of hiking and cooking.
"This is delicious!" Charles praised after taking a bite of the cold dish Thelma had prepared.
Thelma responded in kind, "Your stir-fried shredded potato with green peppers is incredible!"
The mouthwatering aroma
practically jumped off the screen
Even the production staff nearby couldn't help but feel their stomachs rumble. 
Since they had extra food, Charles and Thelma plated two portions and shared them with the crew.
As expected, Charles and Thelma's team won the task-their dishes were
flavorful, visually appealing, and well-cooked.
The other two groups were lucky to have edible food at all.
Later that night, when the filming wrapped up, Harvey texted to the family group chat. "Thelma is such an impressive, hard worker."
A few minutes later, he added, "Charles, look out for her on the show; she's had a tough time."
Seeing the words "tough time", Charles recalled the information his manager sent him earlier.
Thelma had faced persistent suppression since entering the industry.
Thinking about how she couldn't attend college because of family issues, he couldn't help but feel a pang of discomfort.
Since Harvey had specifically asked him to look out for her, he would.
...
That evening, Skylar stayed with Vivian until she fell asleep. Once Vivian was
sound asleep, Skylar quietly left the room.
Joe was in the study, in the middle of a video conference.
So, Skylar didn't disturb him and instead returned to the bedroom, picking up her phone to reply to some messages.
Natalie had been visiting international schools these past two days.
?
After reviewing the options, Skylar did some additional online research and provided some suggestions, though she was still worried about Natalie's situation. 
She seemed to be preparing for a divorce.
Given the Powell family's background, if Natalie were to
unlikely they would easily relinghet
proceed with a divorce, it was
custody of the children. 
Skylar massaged her temples.
At that moment, Joe, having finished his meeting, entered the room.
"All done?" she asked.
###chapter1740
"Yes, I need to go to Yathoria for a business trip in the next couple of days. It'll take about half a month," Joe said, his brow slightly furrowed.
In recent years, he had rarely traveled abroad for work, avoiding long separations from home as much as possible because he didn't want to be away from Skylar for too long.
Skylar also felt reluctant. "Half a month, huh."
"I'll try to come back as soon as I can, and I'll video call you and Vivian every day," Joe reassured her, feeling more reluctant as he spoke.
He was well aware of how much he depended on Skylar in their marriage. Wherever she was felt like home to him.
Skylar, though feeling reluctant, smiled and said, "When you're not busy, let's call each other more often. You must have the charm I gave you at all times and be careful when you're there."
"Okay, I'll listen to you," he agreed.
Natalie had trouble sleeping.
She missed her three children terribly, far from the indifferent fa?ade she showed
to her parents. In truth, she knew very well that divorce wouldn't be easy.
She stared at a message Hank had sent her an hour ago, feeling lost.
"It's been years since we've met. You didn't even tell me you were back? Let's meet tomorrow at my barbecue restaurant. I've invited a few friends too."
For the past few days, she and Austin hadn't spoken at all. His cold attitude toward her likely meant he was reevaluating their relationship.
Meeting Hank at this time only made her think of Austin. But...
Back when she had just started working, Hank had been exceptionally kind to her. Even when she was abroad and her family needed help, Hank would always be willing to step in.
Since he had extended the invitation, she couldn't refuse. So, she replied to him, confirming that she would meet him tomorrow.
After sending the message, she turned off the lights and tried to sleep.
However, even with her phone put away and the room shrouded in darkness, her mind was a chaotic mess.
On the second day of filming, Charles and Thelma were paired together again and had priority in choosing their task.
They picked the easiest one-gathering wild vegetables.
The villagers guided them to the mountain, teaching them to identify a couple of types of edible plants. Theiptask was to fill a basketby the end of the morning. 
In comparison, the other groups had to labor alongside the villagers, making the
vegetable-picking task the most relaxed.
Coincidentally, both Charles and
Thelma already knew how to identify wild vegetables. Although the villagers only showed them two
types, the pair recognized many more but didn't mention it. 
Then they started gathering on their own.
With some luck, they quickly filled their basket and found a spot to sit and enjoy the scenery.
With cameras constantly following them, the two didn't talk much, maintaining a quiet presence in front of the lens.
Perhaps because they rarely had such moments of peace to zone out, they stayed seated until the time was up before heading back down the mountain.
Time flew by, and three more days passed smoothly during the recording.
One evening, as she rested, Thelma replied to a message from Warwick. "I agree to your terms. Once I return to Jipsburg the day after tomorrow, I hope you will immediately transfer the money to my account. 
Warwick responded, "If you're going to be my woman, you cannot act in films or appear on shows anymore. Otherwise, our meeting will be exposed.
"I'll pay off your company's penalty fees, but for the next few years, you're mine and mine alone. Understand?"
A suffocating feeling overwhelmed Thelma. She typed a simple "Okay" in reply.
Two days passed in the blink of an eye.
The filming finally wrapped up, and upon returning to Jipsburg, the production team organized a dinner for the cast and crew.
###chapter1741
Thelma didn't attend the dinner party.
Just as she was about to enter the hotel, she received a call from Warwick. He didn't want to wait anymore and insisted that she go to his house that very night.
As soon as she arrived, the first payment would be transferred to her account-a sum just enough to cover her grandmother's and brother's surgery fees.
The hospital had been urging her relentlessly.
Everything felt like stepping onto a path of no return.
Standing outside the hotel, listening to the laughter and joy inside, her face paled. She felt as though she was being severed from this world, split into two entirely different realities.
Warwick's attitude was firm. From the moment she entered the industry, he had declared that he wanted to keep her as his mistress and prevent her from appearing in public.
At that time, she was merely Sienna's assistant, and Warwick had been the male lead in a drama Sienna acted in.
Now, Warwick remained a highly sought-after star but couldn't afford any scandals. So, he wanted her as his secret lover, completely hidden from the media.
Taking a deep breath, she withdrew her gaze from the hotel and slipped her phone back into her bag. Then, she turned and walked toward the street to hail a cab.
At that moment, Charles' car pulled up in front of her. He stepped out, looking slightly surprised to see her. "Why aren't you going in?"
As soon as he spoke, he noticed her pale complexion and sensed something was off. "Are you... okay?"
Hearing his concern, Thelma suddenly felt sour in her nose. It had been so long since anyone had asked her if she was okay.
However, compared to her grandmother and brother, she really had no right to complain. She was alive and healthy.
Lowering her head to hide her reddened eyes, she gently shook her head. "I'm fine."
"Come on, let's go in together," Charles said gently. He could tell something was wrong with Thelma.
Had she been treated unfairly before he arrived?
During the past few days of filming, Charles had noticed how the other two female artists treated her. They seemed friendly enough on the surface, but as soon as the cameras stopped rolling, their attitudes became condescending. 
He had experienced similar treatment himself before and could imagine the
grievances Thelma might be enduring now.
Perhaps it was the familiarity developed over these few days or Harvey's request
to take care of her, but Charles didn't want to see her mistreated.
"I just told the director that I have
something to deal with, so I won't be joining. I hope you have a pleasant evening,
Thelma said, ne
head. Her eyes glistened with
unshed tears, but there was also a sparkle of determination. 
She would remember Charles' kindness over these past few days. If it weren't for him, she couldn't imagine how much more difficult her experience would have been. 
From the start of the program, whenever there were tasks to complete, Charles had chosen to pair with her, helping her avoid many problems.
After speaking, she walked toward the roadside to hail a cab. At this hour, the streets were busy, and most cabs were occupied.
Charles felt a heaviness in his chest.
Watching her wait for a cab, he couldn't shake the feeling that something was amiss, that she was hiding something.
Just then, his manager arrived.
The manager approached Charles, following his gaze to see Thelma. "You've been paired with her for the past few days?"
###chapter1742
Charles answered, "Yeah."
"You don't have feelings for her, do you? You've been in the same group for days. When the show airs, people might start spreading rumors about you two," Charles' manager said, frowning.
Hearing the word "rumors," Charles didn't seem bothered. Instead, he calmly replied, "The show is about farming, cooking, and completing tasks. What kind of rumors could possibly come out of that?"
"True. It's not the kind of show that generates gossip. But I heard from a friend that she's caught Warwick's eye.
"With her looks, she had opportunities to play important roles in the past couple of years, maybe even access some good resources, but Warwick used his connections to hold her back.
"It's obvious—he wants to make her feel like there's no way forward so he can swoop in and keep her as his mistress," the manager whispered.
The more he thought about it, the luckier he felt to manage someone like Charles. Some people speculated privately that Charles secretly had a lover, questioning why there was never any news about him dating.
But he knew better-Charles was only interested in his career and had no time for anything messy. Managing an artist like him was a breeze.
"Warwick?" Charles frowned upon hearing the name.
Warwick was three to four years younger than Charles but rose to fame earlier. However, Warwick's recent works hadn't been as successful.
The two rarely crossed paths, except for one project where Charles was the lead and Warwick the supporting actor.
Warwick had tried to spin the narrative, promoting the film as having two male leads. Uninformed audiences were misled, thinking it was a dual-lead production, but the director and producers were clear on who the actual lead was.
Charles went on to win a Best Actor award for that film, while Warwick didn't even get a nomination. That didn't mean Warwick lacked talent-his acting was, in fact, quite good.
Just then, the manager took a phone call.
After hanging up, his expression turned serious as he said, "Thelma just terminated her contract with her company. Warwick paid the penalty fee for her.
"Looks like she couldn't hold out any longer. We probably won't see her in the industry again—it's a shame she ended up with Warwick."
Charles' expression darkened.
her,
8ace showed
"Do you have Thelma's contact information? Call her!"
The manager's face showed
"You don't have feelings for
you? Are you
planning fo
with Warwick her?"
Charles' demeanor was serious, leaving no room for jokes. "Don't ask so many questions. Just call her."
"What should I say?" His manager was confused.
Did Charles really have a change of heart after working together for seven days?
If so, this Thelma must be someone special.
The question stumped Charles for a
moment, but he quickly composed himself. "Tell her my studio is looking to sign an artist. Ask if she's interested. If she agrees, I'll handle the penalty fees with her former company!" 
The manager nodded. "Alright, I'll get in touch."
Finding an artist's phone number was easy. One phone call later, the manager
had Thelma's contact info.
...
In the cab, Thelma's face was ashen.
The closer she got to Warwick's house, the paler she became. Even the driver noticed something was wrong.
"Miss, are you okay? There's a hospital up ahead. Should I take you there instead?" the driver asked.
Thelma replied, "I'm fine."
She said no more, staring out of the window in silence. Just then, Warwick called.
"Are you almost here?" Warwick asked, his tone tinged with impatience.
Thelma murmured, "I should be there soon."
"I've paid for your contract termination. Thelma, from now on, you're mine. Understand?" Warwick said coldly.
Thelma's chest tightened as she hummed in response. She felt as if someone were gripping her throat,
cutting off her breath at that
moment. 
###chapter1743
Since meeting Warwick a few years ago, Thelma had always disliked him.
She knew exactly what Warwick had done in recent years.
The tactics Sienna used to suppress her were nothing compared to Warwick's. Warwick's methods were designed to ensure she saw no light at the end of the tunnel.
And yet, now she was about to submit.
Thinking about what was about to happen, her breathing became even more labored. She could hear the happiness in Warwick's voice.
Just as she ended her call with him, an unknown number came through.
She thought it might be someone from her company-perhaps there was a question they needed to clarify-so she answered.
"Hello?"
"Hello, this is Charles' manager. I'm calling because we're interested in signing you. We're prepared to handle your contract termination fee with your previous company, and you can also let us know if you have any other conditions.
"Additionally, I can guarantee that you'll have at least two roles this year," a steady voice said on the other end.
Thelma thought she must have misheard. "Are you really Charles' manager?"
"Yes, of course. You can take some time to think about whether you want to accept our offer," the manager replied.
She was skeptical. "I don't have any notable works, and I'm not well-known. Why would you want to sign me? Aren't you afraid it won't be worth it?"
Having walked in darkness for so long, she couldn't help but feel the road ahead would still be just as bleak—or worse, this could all be some cruel joke.
"Ms. Johnston, you need to have confidence in yourself. Charles is starting a studio, and it can't just have him as the only artist.
"After recording the show with Charles, your visibility is likely to increase. Signing you now might turn out to be my luck," the manager said, his tone reassuring.
Tears welled up in her eyes as she bit her lip. "My termination fee with the company is five million dollars, And... if you sign me, could you possibly advance me another one million? If that's possible, I can agree right now." 
After saying this, her face flushed red.
She knew exactly what her words implied. Normally, she would never have asked. Most people in her position would have jumped at the opportunity-this was Charles' manager, after all! 
to
But she had made such a difficult and embarrassing request—an extra one million.
Given her current situation, who would so easily give her a million? Only someone like Warwick, who had ulterior motives would do that.
But she desperately needed that money.
As expected, there was silence on the other end.
Taking a deep breath, she said, "I'm sorry for making things difficult for you. Since I've already terminated my contract, I won't plan on staying in this industry anymore-"
Before she could finish, she
suddenly heard Charles' voice. "I agree to your terms. If possible, come by tomorrow morning to sign the contract. My manager will send you the studio's address shortly." 
"Mr. Sullivan-"
"Thelma, you need to believe in yourself. Your worth far exceeds a few million," Charles' voice carried an inspiring strength.
Believe in herself?
She couldn't respond for a long time, but when she snapped out of her reverie, she murmured, "Okay."
Then, as the cab approached an intersection, she called out to the driver, "Don't
go to the address I gave earlier. Take me to Century Manor."
Half an hour later, she stepped out of the cab.
Just then, Warwick called her.
###chapter1744
"Why isn't Thelma here yet? Is there traffic?" Warwick's voice brimmed with impatience.
He had waited long enough and refused to wait any longer. The more Thelma tried to avoid him, the more determined he became to have her.
"I'm not coming, Warwick. I'll return the contract termination fee tomorrow, and don't call me again." Thelma's voice was light, almost too casual.
Warwick's anger flared. "Do you even know what you're saying? Thelma, are you playing me?" he snapped.
Thelma stared at the apartment complex she was renting as if a light had illuminated her path. It was the light that Charles had given her earlier-a genuine source of trust and security.
"Warwick, you know very well what you've done to me these past few years. I've never liked you," Thelma said, her final words sharp and deliberate.
She truly despised him. Warwick was two-faced, pretending to be a kind man in public while secretly manipulating her in private. He had always claimed to love her, promising her a life of ease and comfort. But in reality, he was trying to buy her, to turn her into his mistress.
Warwick sneered. "Returning my money tomorrow? Did you meet someone? Did they promise you something? Thelma, do you think anyone else will treat you as well as I have? I'm giving you one last chance-come here now!"
"I told you I won't come, Warwick. No one else will treat me like you do forcing me to be your secret lover."
With that, Thelma ended the call.
Moments later, she noticed a message from Clement Feron. It contained the address of Charles' new studio.
She had heard rumors about Charles setting up his own studio, but she hadn't taken them seriously. To her surprise, it was true. Even more surprising was that she would be the first celebrity to sign with his company.
...
Charles had already informed Skylar about signing Thelma.
"I don't want Harvey to feel burdened Thelma is quite talented. I've watched some of her acting clips, She has great potential, and with the right training, she could have a very successful career." 
Skylar was surprised by Charles' decision to sign Thelma. She suspected there
was more to it than Harvey being Thelma's high school classmate.
"Charles, you don't like Thelma, do you?" she asked, her tone teasing.
She knew Charles well. He was Charles
never the type to meddle in others' business or show unnecessary
compassion. Even if Thelma wamet
Harvey's classmate, it shouldn
have led Charles to help her to this extent-helping with the contract termination fee and offering an additional one million dollars. It felt more like charity than business. 
Charles quickly denied it. "How could that be? m helping her because of Harvey think Harvey might've had a crush on Thelma back in high school. Helping her is like helping him." 
He couldn't possibly like someone Harvey had feelings for. He wouldn't pursue someone Harvey had liked even if he wanted to date someone.
Skylar smiled knowingly. "Charles, I think you're just fooling yourself."
Charles was at a loss for words. "Joe went abroad. Are you bored staying home alone?"
Otherwise, Skylar wouldn't have the time to tease him.
He sighed internally. The reason he was helping Thelma had everything to do with Harvey. It was just a small favor. Skylar was reading too much into it.
Knowing that Charles would never admit it, Skylar changed the subject. "Mom and Ted want us to come home soon. Ted's birthday is coming up. Will you be able to make it?"
"Probably not, but I'll try to take time off. I can't miss Ted's birthday," Charles replied.
###chapter1745
After discussing the plans for Ted's birthday preparations, the call was nearing its end when Charles suddenly asked, "When is Joe coming back?"
Skylar replied, "He should be back in about ten days."
She had just finished a video call with Joe. Organizing work couldn't be completed in a day it would take time.
Charles nodded. "If you or Vivian need anything, don't hesitate to reach out to me."
"Got it," Skylar responded.
Once the call ended, Skylar glanced at her WhatsApp. Joe had sent several photos-some work-related, others showcasing scenic views.
Skylar couldn't help but think that if Joe weren't in charge of a major corporation, he could have easily been a photographer. The composition of the landscape photos was stunning, each one captivating at first glance.
"They're beautiful. We should plan a family vacation together once you're back. Take care of yourself these next few days."
"Okay."
Thelma entered Charles' studio with a mix of excitement and nervousness. Only Charles' new celebrity agent, Clement Feron, was there. He explained that Charles had to leave for a film shoot. A lawyer was also there, waiting to go over her contract.
The lawyer reviewed the details, explaining everything clearly. The terms had even been adjusted according to her requests.
It all felt surreal, like a dream.
Some of it seemed too good to be true. From what she knew, many people signed contracts riddled with exploitative terms. Yet Charles' studio contract was surprisingly fair.
Of course, there were a few requirements, but they were reasonable, and even without them in the contract, Thelma would have held herself to those standards.
When she finally signed her name on the dotted line, reality began to sink in. It wasn't a dream-it was real.
"I'll be your agent from now on. You can take a few days to rest. I'll make the official announcement later. After that, I'll arrange work for you," Clement said.
Thelma nodded. "Okay."
"I'll have the finance team transfer the money to you. Take care of your personal matters for now," Clement added.
He had double-checked everything the previous evening and confirmed that Warwick had already covered the payment for her contract termination. Warwick was clearly trying to exert pressure on her. 
Clement made a mental note to find ways to support Thelma better. With her talent and looks, she should have already been landing leading roles.
"Thank you, Mr. Feron," Thelma replied, feeling conflicted about how to bring up the issue of money. She was surprised that Clement had already taken care of everything.
She wanted to thank Charles in person, but under the current circumstances, she would have to wait for the right moment. Now that she was officially signed with Charles' studio, there would be
plenty of opportunities to meet him. 
After leaving the studio, Thelma immediately transferred the contract termination fee to Warwick. She followed up with a message, saying, "I've sent you the termination fee. Don't contact me again." 
She couldn't help but wish she had never met Warwick.
###chapter1746
After sending the message, Thelma took a cab to the hospital.
Upon arrival, she quickly found a doctor and paid the surgery fees for her grandmother, Maia Blair, and her brother, Calvert Johnston. She then visited them both.
Their burns were severe. After their parents died in a car accident years ago, it had just been the three of them, relying on each other. Now, Maia and Calvert had suffered in a fire.
She reassured them to wait patiently for the surgery and not to worry about her. Then, she returned to her rented apartment and tidied up the place.
Once she finished, she noticed she had several missed calls. Among them were calls from Warwick, some from other celebrities at her previous company, and one from her former manager, Prunella Tyler.
Prunella had always been good to her. Given her circumstances over the years, most agents would have given up, but not Prunella. Thelma ignored the other calls and immediately dialed Prunella back.
"Thelma, congratulations! I never expected you to break your contract with the company and sign with Charles' studio. And your new agent is Clement! With him backing you, no one will dare mess with you in this industry anymore. This is the opportunity you've been waiting for," Prunella exclaimed.
"Thank you, Ms. Tyler. You've done so much for me over the years," Thelma said sincerely.
"Honestly, I didn't do much. If I had been able to help you resolve things sooner, you'd be a star by now. But things are finally looking up for you. I saw Charles' post, and now everyone knows you've signed with him. Warwick won't be able to bother you anymore. I'm so happy for you," Prunella said warmly.
Thelma nodded. "He won't bother me anymore."
She was sure of this. With the risks and benefits laid out, Warwick wouldn't dare jeopardize his career by tangling with her further.
A few minutes later, Warwick called again. This time, Thelma picked up.
"Thelma! You've got some nerve, don't you? You got Charles to help you. Are you two together now? Did he make you do anything for this? Have you slept with him yet?" Warwick's voice was laced with frustration.
Thelma calmly replied, "Warwick, don't assume everyone is as despicable and shameless as you. Mr. Sullivan is nothing like you. He's a man of integrity who respects others.
"He would never stoop to your level or use unscrupulous means to achieve his goals. He is upright and values my abilities."
She was determined to prove that Charles' decision to sign her was right.
Warwick's anger was palpable.
"You're too naive! You don't
understand men at all. You think
ет
Charles is honest, but I'm telling you, he's not. He's just like me. He's
playing you, Thelma. I'll give you one more chance-come to me now."
Thelma's voice turned cold. "No matter his motives for signing me, I'm fine. Even
if he wants me for something else, I will go along with it."
Despite her sharp words, she was confident Charles had no interest in her beyond their professional relationship. Countless women, far more beautiful than her, had tried to get close to him, but none had succeeded in making any real connection. 
Warwick's anger reached its peak. "Thelma, you're such a tramp."
"The only tramp here is you!" she shot back before hanging up and blocking his
number. There was nothing more to say to him.
Charles had been filming on set until nearly 11:00 pm. After removing bis makeup and preparing to rest, he noticed a call from Warwick. Clearly, Warwick had contacted the Crew to find out when Charles would be free. 
Charles answered the phone with a cool indifference. "What is it?"
He had no real relationship with Warwick, and their last collaboration had left a bad taste in his mouth.
Warwick's voice dripped with sarcasm. "Mr. Sullivan, I'm sure you know why I'm calling. Do you even know what kind of person Thelma is? And yet, you signed her? Let's talk-how much is it to break that contract?"
Charles felt annoyed as he listened to Warwick's words, rolling his eyes in disbelief. "Do I look like someone short on cash?"
"So, you've made up your mind to help Thelma, then? Or should I say you have feelings for her?" Warwick pressed, his tone probing.
###chapter1747
Charles snapped, "Act like a decent person, Warwick! You're as twisted as ever, and you expect everyone else to be the same? Were you recording just now? Well, I have a copy too. Did you really think you could pull these cheap tricks on me? You're an idiot!"
With that, he abruptly hung up the phone. Warwick had always relied on underhanded tactics to climb the ranks, and now he thought the same methods would work on Charles.
Charles scoffed to himself, "Dream on!"
...
In a foreign land, Joe and his team exited the company building after their meeting. They hadn't walked far when a stunning mixed-race woman hurried out of the building, calling after them.
She headed straight for Joe. "Mr. Martin, our CEO asked me to let you know that if you need anything over the next few days, you can contact me directly. I'll handle everything for you."
The woman, Beata Stevenson, was half-Clusian and possessed the grace of a supermodel. Her beauty was almost ethereal, but her poised demeanor hinted at exceptional professionalism.
Joe gave a curt nod, his expression impassive, and continued walking. Beata watched him leave without sparing her a second glance, raising an eyebrow in amusement.
One of the women accompanying her remarked, "Just like the rumors say-Joe doesn't seem interested in beautiful women. Even someone as stunning as you couldn't get his attention!"
Beata, momentarily surprised, quickly composed herself. She was well aware of the advantage her looks gave her, but men like Joe weren't unfamiliar to her.
On the surface, he seemed indifferent, but in reality, he was probably already calculating his next move. Men like him loved the game-taking a woman to bed, then discussing business afterward.
She flicked her long, curly hair. "Whether he's really as cold as he looks, I'll take my time to figure that out. No rush."
Her companion chuckled. "True. How many men can resist you, Beata?"
Beata didn't respond, her smile enigmatic as she watched the car drive away. Her heart stirred faintly. It had been a long time since a man piqued her interest at first sight.
She doubted whether a man, after so many years of marriage, could still retain any ardent affection for his spouse.
...
That day, Natalie visited Skylar's home and couldn't stop gushing over Vivian.
"Vivian is just too cute. She has all the best traits of you and Joe. When she grows up, she's going to turn heads! How about making her my daughter-in-law? I promise to be the best mother-in-law ever." 
Natalie had taken an instant liking to Vivian, who responded with the composure
of an adult, "Okay! I like Mrs. Powell."
Natalie laughed so hard she could
barely stop. Of course, her
suggestion was only in jest. After all, marriages were their children's own business. There was no way they'd tie their kids down so young. 
When Vivian left to practice the piano, Natalie turned to Skylar and sighed. "Seeing Vivian just now reminded me of my own kids."
Perhaps this was what motherhood felt like. Sometimes, she wanted to let go of everything, yet she realized there were so many people who needed her attention-her children included. 
Skylar picked up on her mood and asked, "Are you thinking about going back?"
###chapter1748
Natalie's eyes reflected a hint of confusion. "It's not the right time yet. I'll give it some more time."
Sensing the tension, Skylar asked, "What about Mr. Powell?"
Skylar felt that Austin seemed unusually indifferent this time.
Natalie shook her head. "He hasn't reached out to me. I think he's probably thinking the same thing as I am. He probably wants to end it too."
Skylar didn't know what to say to comfort her.
Though Natalie looked a bit saddened, she spoke calmly, "When I first got together with him, I considered all the possible outcomes. Before we were married, I met his family and knew they weren't happy with me.
"But I still held on to some hope, thinking time would change things. I told myself to just try that the process mattered more than the result. Now that I see the result, I can accept it calmly."
Skylar smiled. "I knew you'd have the right mindset."
"My mindset's always been great! We're both in our 30s now. In just a few more years, we'll be 40. What's there to not understand or worry about?" Natalie laughed, unable to hold back.
If she had experienced this ten years ago, she wouldn't have been as composed as she was now.
Just then, her phone buzzed several times with new WhatsApp messages. She glanced at it casually and saw the sender. It was none other than Austin's cousin, Pandora Cobb. The message contained several photos.
The images clearly showed Austin sitting closely with a woman. They were drinking together, their eyes meeting in a way that carried an unmistakable, intimate energy.
Then came Pandora's message.
"You need to understand that being married to Austin means accepting the demands of his career. He has responsibilities that require him to be away, and he deserves the support of a partner who understands this.
"If you can't accept that, then a divorce would be the best course of action. However, if you can adapt to this reality, the position of Mrs. Powell, with all its privileges, will be yours."
Natalie's face turned pale as she read the message. A surge of blood rushed to her head, and anger bubbled up inside her.
"What's wrong, Natalie?" Skylar asked, noticing Natalie's sudden pallor.
Natalie shook her head. "I'm fine."
She quickly typed a response. "Just because you treat Austin like a community center doesn't mean we're all fining up for a membership. Keep Austin-consider this my cancellation notice. Tell Austin I'm letting him go." 
With that, she turned off her phone.
The Powell family was truly disgusting each member more repulsive than the last.
Skylar furrowed her brows. "Are you sure you're okay?"
"I'm fine. I just saw some unpleasant stuff. Nothing major. It's getting late, though. My parents said my cousin is visiting today. They should be here soon. I need to pick them up from the airport."
Not wanting Skylar to worry, she quickly made up an excuse.
Skylar walked her to the car. As Natalie got in, Skylar hesitated. "If anything's wrong, don't keep it to yourself. Let me know. I can help-we'll figure things out together."
A warm feeling surged in Natalie's heart, and her eyes stung with the threat of tears. She waved her hand lightly. "I'm fine! If anything happens, I'll cry on your shoulder. Don't worry! I need to get to the airport now." 
"Okay, drive safely," Skylar said.
After leaving Galaxy Villa, Natalie didn't head to the airport. There were no relatives visiting today.
Her emotions were about to spiral out of control, and she didn't want Skylar to worry.
The moment she saw those photos, the shock had nearly overwhelmed her. She had been telling herself it didn't matter, but deep down, she knew better-there was no way it didn't matter.
After all these years together, and with three children, even though she had prepared herself for the worst when they got married, she still held on to some hope. She had believed that Austin was different. 
###chapter1749
Natalie realized she had been overthinking. She had also underestimated the subtle influence of constantly being surrounded by a certain type of people.
When one was immersed in the same environment for too long, it would become nearly impossible to remain unaffected or to hold on to one's ideals.
For Natalie, it all felt normal now.
She let out a bitter laugh. It wasn't a big deal. All she could do was acknowledge that Austin had good fortune with women-and wish him well.
A few minutes later, she parked her car by the side of the road and booked a flight on her phone. Her priorities were simple now-she wanted a divorce from Austin and custody of their children.
She knew getting custody wouldn't be easy, but this was the right moment to divorce. While Austin still had some lingering feelings for her and a sense of guilt, this was her only chance to take the children back home.
...
Two days later, Skylar drove Natalie to the airport.
Skylar asked, "Why are you leaving so suddenly?"
Natalie looked thinner over the past couple of days, but her eyes now held a newfound determination. "I miss the kids. I'll be back soon-probably."
"Have you made up your mind?" Skylar asked.
Natalie replied firmly, "Yes, there's nothing to hesitate about. If we drag this out any longer, we'll end up despising each other. If it gets to the point of discussing divorce or a separation, we'll just end up throwing dirt at each other. No need to make things uglier."
Skylar nodded, her gaze drifting to the crowds flowing in and out of the airport. Still, she couldn't hide her concern. "If anything happens that you can't handle, call me, okay?"
"I will, I promise. Stop worrying about me." Natalie's eyes glistened, but she forced a smile.
She couldn't bring herself to tell her parents about the situation. The only person who knew was Skylar.
And Skylar was the only one who could say, in moments like this, that if Natalie couldn't handle something, she should ask for help. But Natalie was determined to manage it on her own.
Ten minutes later, after seeing Natalie off, Skylar turned to head back to the
airport parking lot when she suddenly spotted a familiar face-Aiken.
A young, beautiful woman clung to Aiken's arm. Skylar recognized her immediately. She was Zera, the celebrity.
Zera was also the reason Wendy had left the country. Skylar was surprised to see that Aiken was still with her.
Skylar considered walking past without acknowledging them, but the couple moved quickly. They were right in front of her before she could slip away unnoticed.
Aiken spoke first. "Well, what a coincidence. Are you here to see someone off or pick someone up?"
"Just sending off a friend," Skylar replied with a polite nod. "Are you going on vacation?"
Zera eyed Skylar warily, her gaze filled with scrutiny. Skylar was stunning and carried an undeniable presence. Even knowing Skylar was Joe's wife, Zera couldn't help but feet uneasy. 
Skylar ignored Zera's gaze while Aiken explained, "It's for work."
elaet
"Alright, I won't keep you then." Skylar smiled faintly and turned leave. She had no intention of engaging further, especially with Zera's calculating stare. 
After all, this was Aiken's matter, and Skylar had no intention of commenting on it -though she couldn't help but think he was being foolish.
Aiken stood there for a moment, watching her leave. It wasn't until Skylar was far away that he finally turned his attention back.
Zera hesitated before speaking. "Weren't you supposed to come with me to Fashion Week? How does this count as work?"
Aiken glanced at her sharply.
Zera faltered under his gaze. "Why are you looking at me like that? I just think you're spoiling me, that's all."
"Spoiling?" Aiken's expression darkened suddenly, his mood shifting without warning.
Zera felt flustered. "Yes, everyone
says you spoil me, so I just assumed it's because you love me. Aiken, if I hadn't met you, I wouldn't have had
chance to attend the show." 
###chapter1750
Zera now had several scripts to choose from at will-something that would have been unthinkable in the past.
Aiken's expression grew even colder, and he said nothing further.
This left Zera feeling particularly anxious. However, she wisely chose to remain silent, understanding that speaking further would only worsen things.
In the hotel's presidential suite, Joe had just finished showering. While towel- drying his hair, he sent Skylar a photo.
At this time, Skylar was likely about to take her lunch break. It was also Joe's usual time to rest, though he rarely slept much when he was away from home.
As soon as he sent the photo, Skylar called him for a video chat.
"It's nearly 11:00 pm for you, right? Still working this late?" Skylar asked, her gaze lingering on the redness in Joe's eyes. She frowned, wondering if he'd been having trouble sleeping again.
Joe focused intently on Skylar. It had only been a few days since they last saw each other, but he already longed to be close to her. "I just finished showering and was about to sleep. My eyes are red because shampoo foam got into them. Have you finished your work?"
He loved watching Skylar work so seriously in her office attire. There was something almost divine about her presence.
"I just wrapped up. When you get back, I won't have any work to do, so I can spend time with you and Vivian. By the way, are there any good Floan restaurants near where you're staying? Make sure you eat well," Skylar said.
She was beginning to understand the saying, "Absence makes the heart grow fonder".
There were times when he had been away on business for two or three days, and it didn't bother her much. But in recent years, he rarely stayed away for more than five days.
Joe smiled. "The hotel offers Floan cuisine, so I'm sure I'll be eating well. Have you missed me?"
"Every day. Vivian asks when you'll be back every day too."
"In a few more days, I can't wait to come home and sleep next to you," Joe replied, his voice soft with longing.
They chatted for a while longer, but Skylar had to leave for lunch with her colleagues, and Joe needed to rest. Reluctantly, they ended the call.
Just as Joe was about to turn off the lights and go to bed, there was a knock on the door.
Joe furrowed his brows. "Who is it?"
"Mr. Martin, it's me, Beata. I just realized Kforgot to give you an important document," Beata's voice came from outside. She spoke in a low tone, likely trying not to disturb anyone else. 
Joe's expression darkened. He didn't get up, simply replying from where he was. "You can give the document to Conrad tomorrow."
Outside, Beata frowned. From his tone, she could tell that Joe hadn't even come
to the door and clearly had no intention of opening it.
At first, she had been confident,
even thinking that Joe might enjoy a
little cat-and-mouse game. But now, she was left standing outside, and Joe didn't seem the least bit interested. If it had been anyone else, the door would have opened as soon as she knocked, and they would have had a pleasant evening together. 
However, no further sounds came from the suite.
Beata bit her lip in frustration. This was the first time she had hit a dead end. She refused to believe that Joe was simply a hard nut to crack. She was determined to get through to hìm. 
After arriving in Fachington, Natalie went straight home. On the way, she tried calling the maid several times, but none of her calls were answered.
Finally, the nanny picked up and informed her that Austin had fired her. She didn't have any information about the three children's situation.
Natalie felt a cold sweat break out on her skin.
When she finally reached her house, she was horrified to find it empty.
###chapter1751
When Natalie arrived home, she was horrified to find it empty-there wasn't a single soul in sight.
Her heart pounded as she dialed Austin's number. It was the first time she had reached out to him in days. Trembling, she forced herself to press the call button.
But Austin didn't answer.
Taking a deep breath, Natalie tried to steady herself. Without wasting another second, she headed straight to Austin's parents' home.
When she appeared at their door, their shock was evident. "You..."
"Did you take my children?" Natalie demanded bluntly, skipping any pleasantries.
In the past, for Austin's sake, she would have politely addressed them as "Mom" and "Dad", keeping up appearances even if the entire household disapproved of her. But this wasn't just about maintaining a fa?ade. Her children were at stake, and she had no intention of playing nice.
Austin's father, Alec Powell, slammed his hand on the table. "You dare come here and accuse us? What kind of spell have you cast on Austin?"
Jessica joined in with a scowl. "If I had known this would happen, I never would have let you marry him. You've been brainwashing him all these years, haven't you? Now he doesn't even care about us!"
Their voices rose in a torrent of accusations, but Natalie, who was worried sick about her children, suddenly felt a sense of clarity.
What were they even talking about? What had Austin done? And what did they mean by saying he didn't care about them anymore?
Just then, her phone rang.
She glanced at the screen and was surprised to see Austin's name. Without hesitation, she stepped outside to answer.
"Where are you?" she asked urgently.
Austin's voice came through, tinged with helplessness. "I was planning to surprise, you, but I didn't expect you to return to Fachington so soon. This isn't like you. I thought you'd stay at least a month to cool off." 
"Surprise?" Natalie's mind reeled. She struggled to process his words.
Sensing her confusion, Austin chuckled softly. "I brought the kids back to Jipsburg. We're on our way to your parents' place. From now on, we'll be living here."
Living in Fachington hadn't brought Austin any joy over the years. His relationship with his parents had soured, and their values directly conflicted with his own. 
He felt the weight of their actions on him, and their influence had swayed many in the family-disrupting his life with Natalie in ways he couldn't ignore.
"What?" Natalie blinked, thinking she must have misheard when Austin mentioned bringing their kids back to Jipsburg to live there permanently.
Austin continued, "I've owed you so much these past few years. I made you live in an environment I couldn't even stand myself."
He looked out at the familiar sights
of Jipsburg. Even though he hadn't been back in years, it still felt like home-where he truly belonged-a place far removed from the ? corruption and decay he had left behind. 
He believed being an actor was the path he was meant to walk.
###chapter1752
Natalie took a brief pause, steadying herself as her thoughts began to clear. "Why didn't you mention this to me? Pandora even sent me photos of you with another woman. You looked like you liked her. In those pictures, you seemed so intimate, as if you would want to bed her."
She was upset. The way Austin had looked at the other woman-it should have been her, and no one else. The thought of him with someone else was unbearable.
Austin laughed, the sound light and amused. "Jealous? I know the photos you're talking about. Someone sent them to me too. Didn't you notice the pictures were edited? The person sitting in front of me was you.
"Last year, when we went out for dinner with friends, they took those pictures. You even posted them on your Instagram. Oh, my silly goose. Could it be that after seeing those photos, you got so mad that you rushed back to Fachington?"
He knew exactly what was going through her mind.
Natalie froze as her mind caught up. "I... I remember now."
"Take a couple of days to rest, then book your flight back. The kids and I will be waiting for you. I've already made arrangements for their schooling, but I'll need to check on a few things in person. I've talked to Hank and the others to set it all up," Austin continued. He had everything planned out.
Unfortunately, he couldn't reunite with Natalie immediately after returning home.
Natalie couldn't help but laugh despite her earlier frustration. "I'll book a flight ticket right now. I'll just sleep on the plane if I have to."
She couldn't wait to be with him. She couldn't believe she had doubted him.
No wonder Hank had invited her to dinner a few days ago, praising Austin and hinting they'd be seeing each other often in the future. Now, it all made sense. Even Austin's parents' earlier behavior fell into place.
This surprise had left her both shocked and delighted.
An hour later, Natalie was back at the airport. After clearing security, she shared the news with Skylar as she waited to board.
"You won't believe what just
happened. When I got home and opened the door, I was stunned. I was drenched in cold sweat. I
honestly thought Austin would
let me see the kids again. Who would have thought he would leave everything behind and return to
Jipsburg? 
"I can't believe it. He loves me so much. They say there's a seven-year itch, but I
no longer believe in that. Austin is the best man in the world," Natalie said, her voice trembling with emotion as tears streamed down her face.
The people around her glanced her way, but Natalie didn't care. Her emotions were still a whirlwind, far from settled.
d. "I've been worried
Skylar chuckled.
about you these past few years. I never thought Mr. Powell was the type to be irresponsible. He loves
you somuch; there's no way betray or ignore you. Thank goodness it was all just a
misunderstanding." 
"It's my fault," Natalie admitted. "I've been so distrustful of Austin, and that's why this misunderstanding happened. I regret the argument We had before. But in the end, he didn't even hold it against me. How did I get so lucky to have such a wonderful husband?" 
The more she thought about it, the more unworthy she felt of him.
Skylar laughed softly. "You should come back soon. After all that time on airplanes, I'm sure you haven't gotten any rest. Try to sleep on the flight." "Yeah, I will. But honestly, I'm too happy and excited to sleep right now."
When she first arrived, she was furious. Now, she was overwhelmed with joy. Her emotions had been on a roller coaster, rising and falling with every twist.
"Alright, I won't keep you any longer. When I get back, we'll have plenty of time to catch up. But I won't come to see you right away-I'll spend some time with Austin and the kids first," she said, her voice brimming with anticipation.
Skylar laughed again. "Alright, take care!"
An hour ago, Clement called Thelma to ask her to come to Harvey's studio. He mentioned that he had a few scripts for her to review.
The mention of scripts had truly caught her off guard.
###chapter1753
At first, Thelma had thought she would have to wait a bit longer. Perhaps she would be given the chance to appear on variety shows, the kind where she would be used to support other celebrities. But to her surprise, she was handed three scripts and told to choose from them.
There were roles for the third female lead and the second female lead, both with substantial screen time-far more than she had ever hoped for.
Clement noticed that she hadn't spoken yet. Seeing her still absorbed in the scripts without voicing an opinion, he asked directly, "Are you not happy with these scripts? Is there nothing here you want to play?"
These scripts were the best he could get. Thanks to his connections, many production teams were willing to do him a favor and allow his newly signed celebrity to play minor roles in their projects. Of course, the male lead was always Charles. After all, Thelma didn't have much fame yet and needed a good project to help raise her profile.
Thelma quickly replied, shaking her head. "I'm not dissatisfied. These scripts are great. They offer roles and storylines I couldn't even dream of before. But do you really think I can do this?"
Clement looked at her thoughtfully. In his mind, whether he believed in her or not wasn't important. What mattered was that Charles thought she had the talent.
"You have the ability," he said, wanting to keep her confidence high.
Thelma's eyes welled up with tears. "I'll do my best."
She picked up one of the scripts from the three and said, "I'm really interested in this one. The third female lead doesn't have a lot of scenes, but the character has a lot of potential for development."
Clement was surprised. "It seems like you and Mr. Sullivan are on the same page about this."
No wonder Charles had signed Thelma. Not only was she stunning, but her choices were impressive too.
The other two scripts were for an idol drama and a fantasy series-roles many actors hoped to land to gain traffic and overnight fame.
The trend for these kinds of dramas was on the decline. Most of these shows were flooding the market, and their viewership kept dropping.
Yet, the script in front of Thelma was different. It was a historical drama, something Charles would be interested in. He hadn't done much of this type of role before.
"The same choice as Mr. Sullivan?" Thelma was surprised.
She had developed a certain admiration for Charles. Since entering the entertainment industry, she had encountered countless people who were less than genuine, but Charles stood out as a clean and straightforward person. 
His sole focus was on acting and self-improvement without trying to undermine anyone. He had even helped her personally, and she felt a sense of responsibility not to disappoint him.
"Yes, he'll be working on this project as well. If you have any questions, feel free to ask him when you're on set." Clement nodded, confirming her choice.
Just as Thelma was about to
respond, Clement added, "But keep it
private Don't let anyone snap-
pictures of you two together. It could
lead to rumors, and that would be
bad for both of you." 
He had a strange feeling that Thelma and Charles might end up together one day. Although Charles always denied it, claiming he was just looking out for Thelma because she and his younger brother were classmates, Clement could see through that. 
After all, Clement wasn't some na?ve kid just starting out in society.
Thelma flushed, lowering her head. "I'll be careful. I won't cause trouble for Mr. Sullivan."
Clement replied, "Good. Take the script and review it. You'll be heading to the set in a few days."
Thelma nodded. Just as she was about to leave with the script, Charles appeared. The two ran into each other at the door.
"Mr. Sullivan," she greeted.
Charles glanced at the script she was holding. "Have you picked a script?" he asked.
"Yes, I've chosen this one," Thelma said, showing him the title.
Charles smiled when he saw the title written on the cover. "I think this script is great too. A lot of the characters have great potential for development."
"This is my first time taking on such an important role. I'll study the script thoroughly and get into character. I won't let you down, Mr. Sullivan," Thelma said earnestly.
###chapter1754
Listening to Thelma's respectful tone, almost as if she were addressing an elder, Charles felt an unexpected twinge of discomfort. Before he could dwell on it, Clement broke the moment.
"What do you want for dinner tonight? I'll book a restaurant," Clement suggested.
Charles thought for a moment before replying, "How about fondue?"
Then, he turned to Thelma. "Do you like fondue?"
Caught off guard, Thelma hesitated before answering, "Oh? Yes, I do. I like it."
"Perfect. Then join us," Charles said casually.
Both Clement and Thelma were momentarily stunned. And just like that, they were having dinner together.
A few hours later, they ate and chatted at a bustling fondue restaurant until 10:00 pm.
Charles and Clement had a few drinks, while Thelma stayed with soft drinks. When they were finally ready to leave, she prepared to hail a ride home.
Although slightly tipsy, Charles was still composed and logical.
"It's not safe to take a cab at this hour. I'll have Darell take you home," he offered.
Clement checked the time. "It's already this late? Getting a cab isn't safe." Besides, Thelma was beautiful, making her more vulnerable to potential dangers. With no good reason to refuse, Thelma nodded. "Alright. Sorry for the trouble." "It's no trouble at all. Darell will drop us off one by one," Charles replied, brushing off the concern with ease.
Thelma murmured her thanks again and climbed into the car. Out of habit, Clement took the front passenger seat, leaving her to sit in the back with Charles.
She had initially intended to sit up front, but Clement's quick action had left her no choice.
Charles seemed a bit tired. When he got into the car, he leaned back and closed his eyes to rest.
Clement's home was just a few
blocks away. Once he got out, the car was left with only Thelma,
Charles, and Darell Poe. The
atmosphere in the vehicle was quiet, almost unnervingly so. 
Thelma felt a slight tension rising in her chest. She wasn't sure why, but being alone with Charles made her nervous. Perhaps it was because she had never imagined herself in this situation. 
Maybe it was the exhaustion from the day catching up with her. Before she knew
it, her eyelids grew heavy, and she drifted off.
"Mr. Sullivan, we're here." After some time, Darell's voice pierced the silence with a reminder.
Startled awake, Thelma sat upright, still caught in a fog of sleep. Her disorientation only deepened when she felt something unexpected-Charles' hand brushing against hers.
Her entire body tensed instantly, and her heart thudded wildly, out of sync with her attempts to act calm.
"Sorry about that," Charles said, pulling his hand away.
The moment his hand landed, Charles realized something was off.
He wasn't used to having someone else in the backseat with him, and tonight was the first time. Pure habit had caused his hand to land on hers by accident.
"Oh, it's fine. I'll just get off here. My place isn't far, and I can catch a cab," Thelma said, glancing out of the window to figure out where they were.
Late-night cab rides weren't a new experience for her. As a struggling actress without a car of her own, è she was used to either hailing a ride or using public transportation. But taking the subway wasn't an option at this hour. s?novel
She wasn't too concerned about safety. She always kept her phone on during her commutes, and if anything went wrong, she could call the authorities immediately.
Charles glanced down at his palm, faintly aware of the lingering warmth from the accidental touch.
"You don't have to. I'll go home directly, and Darell will take you home," Charles said as he exited the car.
Feeling like she had done something wrong, Thelma couldn't bring herself to meet his gaze. Hurriedly, she nodded. "Alright, thank you, Mr. Sullivan."
###chapter1755
A few minutes passed, and Thelma's heart, which had been racing, finally began to calm down. She had just... Her heartbeat was still fast.
Charles' gaze seemed to hold some kind of magic, making it hard for her to look directly at him. His palm felt unusually warm.
Thelma bit her lip, trying to keep herself from thinking any further.
She was now Charles' employee. She couldn't let her thoughts wander, nor could she cause him trouble.
Everyone had a little too much to drink during dinner.
This collaboration had gone exceedingly well. The employees who had come with Joe were all in high spirits. When they first arrived, everyone was nervous, afraid of making mistakes. However, everything was perfectly done.
On the way back to the hotel, Joe pressed his temples.
One of the assistants asked quickly, "Do you need anything to help with the hangover, Mr. Martin?"
Joe shook his head, "No, I'm fine."
He hadn't drunk much. The alcohol wasn't enough to get him drunk, but his lack of sleep over the past few days was giving him a headache. Besides, he didn't want to wait. He wanted to go back to Jipsburg.
"Mr. Martin, I think the person blocking the road up ahead is Beata," one of the employees in the front passenger seat said, surprised to see the striking woman standing by the roadside.
Beata's impact on the collaboration was unforgettable, leaving a deep impression on everyone. A single glance at her was enough to leave anyone spellbound.
Beata had thought Joe would ask Lucas to stop, but he said nothing. Lucas kept going, and the car simply drove past Beata.
Beata watched as Joe's car passed right before her, and a wave of disappointment hit her hard.
Earlier, at the dinner, Joe had completely ignored her. She could confidently say she had been the most striking woman in the room Countless men had been drawn to her, unable to look away. Yet Joe hadn't spared her a single glance. A few seconds of attention would have made her feel her effort in dressing up was worth it. 
She had hoped to catch his eye at the dinner, but he barely noticed ber. So, she had come here to intercept his car, hoping for a different outcome. But once again, she was completely ignored. '
She couldn't help but question if Joe was even truly a man. Other men couldn't take their eyes off her, yet Joe treated her as if she were some kind of threat, not sparing her even a glance.
She noticed the person in the passenger seat talking to Joe, but the car didn't stop, making it clear that Joe didn't want to acknowledge her.
It was a first for her-this kind of humiliation. She remembered ē boasting to Basil Fuller over ten days ago that she would win Joe over. She hadn't anticipated that Joe wouldn't fall for her usual tactics. 
"I refuse to believe there's a man I can't conquer," she muttered through clenched teeth.
After saying this, she immediately called Basil. "Mr. Fuller, I've decided to go to Jipsburg."
...
Skylar had just finished work and was about to head home when her phone rang the moment she stepped into her car.
"Miss me?" Joe's voice came through the line.
Now quite adept at responding to such playful remarks, Skylar smiled and replied,
"I was just thinking about you."
###chapter1756
Joe smiled. "I just got off the plane and will be home soon."
"What? Aren't you supposed to be back tomorrow?" Skylar asked, surprised.
They had spoken on the phone earlier that morning and agreed to meet the next day, so she hadn't expected him to return so soon.
"The work's done, and I changed my flight," Joe explained. He didn't want to waste any more time away from home.
"I'll be waiting for you at home. Is there anything you'd like to eat? I can make something for you now," Skylar said, her mood lifting.
Skylar knew precisely what Joe would want to eat without him needing to say it. He must not have been eating well during his time abroad.
Joe truly wanted to eat something Skylar made. "I like everything you make. Anything works for me."
He hadn't been hungry on his way back, but now, during the conversation with Skylar, his appetite suddenly kicked in. His expression softened, and warmth radiated from his features.
A few of his employees who were with him noticed the rare tenderness in Joe's demeanor. It was obvious to them that he was on the phone with his wife.
As for thoughts about Beata, they could all see through her intentions. Such a beauty was hard for any man to resist. Yet, Joe hadn't spared her a second glare. But they couldn't deny that Skylar was also an exceptional beauty.
It was unfortunate that Beata was a stunning woman who stirred emotions that were difficult to suppress.
...
One month later, at Janine's house, the family gathered once again for their monthly gathering. Everyone had shown up today.
As Charles entered, it was clear he hadn't removed his makeup. The vintage style lingered on his face, and his clothes were still the same.
"I'll go upstairs and change first," he said.
After changing, he came downstairs to find Skylar and Harvey chatting. Joe and Steven were talking nearby while Mona was speaking with Janine.
The children were playing together.
Ted walked over with a fruit tray and joined Steven and Joe, and before long, the three of them were engaged in conversation.
They always seemed to have plenty to talk about.
Coming from the entertainment industry, Ted often found it challenging to connect with them. But today, he had a question he was eager to ask Harvey.
"Planning to move back to the countryside for a while? The house there has been empty for years, so if you decide to go back, it'll probably need some repairs. What made you think of going back home?" Skylar asked, surprised by Harvey's plan. 
Harvey replied, "Lately, life has been moving too fast. I needed a place to unwind, so thought of returning home. I haven't been there in years, and the house must be in bad shape by now. I'll get someone to renovate it properly while I'm there." 
"Still not over the breakup?" Charles asked.
Harvey rolled his eyes. "Come on, Charles, do you think I'm that sentimental?"
Skylar chuckled softly.
"I don't think you're that type either,
but if you're thinking about going to the house in the countryside for some peace, you should reconsider. The relatives there won't give you any peace. You'd be better off finding a beach house on an island for a while." 
Over the past few years, the relatives on Finn's side had occasionally tried to ask for favors from them. The troublesome relatives seemed to appear one after another. That was why Harvey should give up on the idea of going back home.
Harvey hadn't anticipated the situation with his relatives. "An island?"
"Yeah, I can recommend a few. I've been to a few islands for filming these past few years. They're not crowded, and the scenery is nice," Charles said, already searching for options on his phone.
"You're right, an island sounds great," Skylar added, also leaning toward the idea of an island getaway to unwind.
The situation back home had gotten more complicated, and Finn might have made contact with their relatives, stirring up some trouble now and then.
Harvey gave it a serious thought. "Alright, let's go to an island."
"By the way, do you want to meet Thelma? I signed her up for my studio," Charles said, glancing at Harvey.
Surprised, Harvey asked, "You signed Thelma?"
Charles lowered his gaze, sounding nonchalant. "Didn't you say she was your
high school classmate and asked me to look out for her? I saw that the company she was with before wasn't great, so I brought her over."
###chapter1757
The words didn't seem to carry much weight, but Skylar sensed something unusual. "Oh, there's no need to meet her. We haven't been in touch in years, so there's nothing to talk about," Harvey replied nonchalantly.
Charles was surprised by Harvey's reaction. "You're the one who asked me to look out for your classmate. Didn't you have a crush on her back in school?"
"A crush? I was so busy studying that I had no time for that nonsense," Harvey scoffed, his lips twitching. He wouldn't waste his time dating anyone.
Charles suddenly understood. He had been overthinking things, having assumed that Thelma was Harvey's first love.
"I'll go check what Joe and Steven are talking about," Harvey said, leaving without another word. He immediately headed straight for Joe and Steven.
Charles stared at Harvey's retreating figure, lost in thought. He didn't notice that Skylar had been observing him. When he finally met her gaze, a sudden sense of guilt washed over him.
"What's wrong?" Charles asked.
Skylar asked, "So, are you and Thelma seeing each other?"
Charles quickly looked away, avoiding her piercing eyes. "I don't know what you're talking about. I'm not planning on getting into a relationship. I'm just going to see what Mom is up to," he muttered, trying to change the subject.
Seeing how Charles avoided her question, Skylar immediately understood. Something was going on.
Three hours later, as they were heading home, Joe noticed that Vivian had fallen asleep after a long day of playing.
Skylar turned to Joe and said, "I think Charles is in love this time."
Joe smirked knowingly. "Charles has always been stubborn."
They all knew Charles well. He would have kept his word and
avoided relationships or marriage
entirely if he hadn't met the righet
person But once he found someone
he truly liked, he could easily settle down-get married and have kids without a second thought. 
Later that night, Charles sat down to review his script. He needed to memorize several lines, and he had a few scenes to go over. The two upcoming scenes with Thelma were particularly important, and he had to prepare thoroughly. 
Just as he was getting focused, his phone rang, breaking the silence. It was rare for him to get calls this late.
Frowning, he picked up the phone and relaxed when he saw it was Thelma. "Hello?"
"Mr. Sullivan..... Can you come to my place? Warwick's outside my door, and I'm really scared. I tried
calling Mr. Feron, but he hasn't. returned to Jipsburg yet." Thelma's voice trembled as though she might
cry at any moment. 
?
Charles immediately stood up when he heard Warwick's name. "Don't worry, and don't open the door. I'll head over now."
Charles was puzzled by Warwick's behavior. Why couldn't he leave Thelma alone? His persistence was becoming increasingly annoying.
Thelma was in the middle of filming, and her career was just starting to take off. Calling the police now would surely lead to a messy situation.
At her apartment, Thelma wiped away a tear, her hands shaking. When she heard that Charles was on his way, she felt relieved.
###chapter1758
Thelma was still trembling with fear. Outside, Warwick stood persistently knocking on her door. Her neighbors would soon begin to wonder what was going on.
Taking a deep breath, Thelma called Warwick.
From the other side of the door, she could hear Warwick's phone ringing.
"Can you just leave me alone? Stop bothering me!" Thelma bit her lip, her voice firm as she made her demand.
Warwick scoffed, "You think I'll just walk away? After all these years of waiting for you, you think a simple request will make me leave?"
"Are you not afraid I'll call the police?" Thelma asked, though she already knew Warwick wasn't the type to be easily intimidated. Still, she hadn't expected him to be so shameless.
Another cold laugh came from Warwick. "Call the police? You wouldn't dare. The moment you do, it's over for you. Do you think Charles can save you? Once the police are involved, your career will be ruined. The only thing that will be in the news is how you seduced me and Charles.
"Us male actors can get away with it, but you? You'll be done for. I know you're currently filming a drama with him. When that project collapses because of you, who will dare work with you again?"
He had thought through the consequences before showing up at her door. Thelma's greatest weakness was her care for her benefactors and those she loved.
"You're shameless!" she cried, her breath sharp as her eyes filled with tears. "Fine, stay out there. I'll never meet you."
She couldn't believe Warwick was still so relentless, still trying to ensnare her. She didn't want to drag Charles into this mess.
"You won't meet me?" Warwick's voice was icy, his anger barely contained. "Do you really think I'll just let you go without resolving this? I've never suffered such a loss. I told you years ago you're supposed to be mine, and I won't let you be with Charles."
The mention of Charles made his voice tremble with barely concealed rage. If it weren't for Charles, Thelma would already be his.
For years, Warwick had tried to break her spirit. Warwick wouldn't be standing at her door tonight if Charles hadn't interfered.
Feeling numb and disconnected, Thelma ended the call. She couldn't stand hearing his words anymore-each one felt like an insult.
Outside, Warwick sneered, his eyes narrowing as he stared at the door. He continued to knock. "Open up."
Thelma remained unresponsive.
Latth
She glanced at the time. There was no traffic at this hour, so Charles should be arriving soon. There was no need to fear Warwick anymore. Reassuring herself with this thought, the sound of knocking seemed to fade into the background. 
Warwick hadn't expected her to stay so indifferent, letting him continue banging on the door.
When neighbors returned and saw
him knocking, they gave him curious glances. Some, unable to tolerate the noise, told him to lower his voice and suggested he call her if she wasn't home. 
Warwick wore a hat and kept his head down so no one recognized him.
He had made up his mind. He was determined to see Thelma and force her to leave Charles. The woman he had set his sights on would never belong to Charles.
"Warwick, are you out of your mind? Are you trying to cause trouble for one of the celebrities in my studio?"
As soon as Charles stepped out of the elevator, he walked straight toward Warwick.
Though they were roughly the same height, Charles' disciplined fitness regimen made him appear far more imposing. With one swift push, he sent Warwick crashing into the wall.
The cold ceramic wall made Warwick wince in pain, a groan escaping him as the impact stung.
"I'm looking for my girlfriend. What's it to you? Stay out of this, Charles," Warwick hissed, warning him in a low voice.
Being public figures, they were all terrified of bad press. So when Warwick saw Charles, he knew better than to cause a scene.
Charles rolled his eyes. "Girlfriend? Are you delusional? Since when did Thelma become your girlfriend? If you were actually serious about pursuing her, you'd make it public. Don't you feel embarrassed saying that?" . 
###chapter1759
Warwick said, "I've known her for years. Even if I don't announce it, that doesn't change the fact that we have a relationship. Charles, aren't you the one who prides yourself on being above the drama and avoiding celebrity gossip? What's going on now?"
Warwick's face flushed red, but his sharp wit kicked in as he retorted to Charles. Of all the people in the entertainment industry, Charles was the one Warwick disliked most. After all, Warwick was a competitive person.
Years ago, Warwick was the more popular one when they started out, and he received many of the best scripts first. But recently, he received the scripts Charles had turned down.
Audiences began comparing him to Charles and criticizing his acting. Even several up-and-coming actors tried to outdo him; Warwick hadn't dared slack off in
recent years.
He had thought about making Thelma his legitimate girlfriend, but the idea of losing fans held him back. It seemed safer to keep her as a secret partner, maybe even marry her quietly. But now, Charles had ruined that plan.
The door, which had been tightly shut, swung open, and Thelma stepped out. "I'm not your girlfriend. I never agreed to be with you, and you never even asked. You wanted to keep me as your secret, but I turned you down. Warwick, don't be so despicable!"
She walked straight over to Charles, standing beside him with a defiant stance. With Charles there, she felt no fear of Warwick. She knew he wouldn't dare push her too far in front of him.
Warwick's expression darkened. "Thelma, do you really think Charles is serious about you? Aren't you afraid he's just toying with you? I'm the only one who's truly serious about you!"
"If Mr. Sullivan wants to toy with me, that's fine. But not you, Warwick! Just seeing you makes me sick," Thelma snapped, her teeth gritted as she insulted him.
Her words caught Charles off guard. Toying with her? What a terrible way to describe it.
Warwick's eyes grew bloodshot with fury. "Thelma, are you out of your mind?"
"I'm not crazy. Warwick, all I feel for you is hatred. I wouldn't be stuck in the same place for years if it weren't for you. I tried to fight for opportunities on my own, but you were the reason I lost out every time. If this is what you call love, then I wish I had never met you."
Thelma's voice was tinged with
genuine bitterness. She felt sorry for
Warwick. He was pitiful, living in a fake world where he tried to control things he had no right to, never truly caring about anyone.
Charles growled, "Get lost! If you don't leave, the consequences will be something you can't handle."
Warwick gritted his teeth, knowing Charles wasn't making empty threats.
"Charles, if you like toying with the women I've been with, then go ahead. She's yours." Warwick sneered.
Thelma's eyes reddened with anger. "When have I—"
Charles suddenly grabbed Thelma's hand, cutting her off. "Don't waste time arguing with him. No one's going to believe anything he says."
"Okay," Thelma said, comforted by his words.
Seeing the trust between them and how they held hands in front of him only fueled Warwick's rage. "I swear I won't let you two get away with this," he shouted. 
Charles wasn't fazed. "You'll have to see if you have the ability to do that."
In truth, no one in the industry could
harsh anymore. If a few
harsh words could defeat him, all his years in the business would have been for nothing. 
Defeated and humiliated, Warwick stormed out.
Thelma sighed in relief and turned to Charles. "Thank you, Mr. Sullivan. Would
you like to come over to my place for some water?"
"Sure," Charles agreed. He had done enough yelling for one day and was parched. Besides, the drive had been a little rushed.
###chapter1760
Thelma immediately invited Charles inside.
Her apartment was a modest 220 square feet, with a combined living and
sleeping area. The kitchen was by the entrance, and the bathroom was tucked to
the right.
Despite the limited space, Thelma kept everything tidy. Her dislike for clutter ensured the apartment felt neat and welcoming.
The smallness of the space momentarily took Charles aback. In a building like this, larger units were likely available, yet Thelma had chosen one of the smallest layouts.
Even so, the room was thoughtfully arranged. A single couch and coffee table created a small but inviting corner to relax. The decor, warm and feminine, exuded a cozy charm.
Charles accepted the glass of water Thelma offered, sipping slowly as unease crept in. He realized he was in a single woman's home.
"I think I should leave now," he said, standing abruptly. "Make sure to lock the door after I'm gone. I'll ask Clement to find you a new place. If Warwick contacts you again, call the police immediately. Clement will handle the public relations."
Once he finished giving her instructions, he prepared to leave.
Thelma nodded in response. "I'm sorry for causing trouble for you and Mr. Feron." Charles shook his head. "It's not your fault. Warwick's the problem."
Charles couldn't stand Warwick either.
Warwick's popularity in the entertainment industry was a result of relentless self- promotion rather than genuine talent.
As Charles prepared to leave, his eyes lingered on Thelma. She wore a loose, white loungewear dress that looked comfortable and warm.
The elegant neckline highlighted her delicate, radiant features. Her long hair cascaded over her shoulders, framing a bare face that glowed with natural beauty. Her clear eyes seemed to catch the light, holding his gaze for a moment too long. 
Charles felt his heart skip a beat.
iel
"Thank you for standing up to Warwick for me," Thelma said, her voice tinged with worry. "He's not the type to let things go. I'm afraid he'll try to make trouble for you." 
Charles snapped out of his thoughts and quickly looked away, lowering his eyes. "Don't worry about me. His tricks won't work. If he wants to play games, I'll play along."
"Alright, then. Let me walk you downstairs," Thelma said, trying not to sound overly anxious since Charles had reassured her.
A few minutes later, they found themselves alone in the elevator.
Charles wore a mask, careful not to be recognized in public. Thelma, however, had no such concern. To most, she was still a nobody—no fans, no recognition.
The elevator's small space felt even tighter in the silence. Thelma
became acutely aware of her quickening heartbeat and avoided
looking at Charles, fearing h@might read something in her expression. 
Neither spoke until the elevator reached the first floor. Charles kept his head down, seemingly lost in thought.
When the doors slid open, he glanced at Thelma and said, "No need to step outside. It's cold out."
"Oh, okay," she replied with a nod.
Their eyes met briefly, but both looked away almost instantly, as if by unspoken agreement.
###chapter1761
Two weeks later, on a Sunny Saturday with a clear blue sky, Skylar and Joe decided to take Vivian on a hiking trip.
The weather had been gloomy recently, so the clear skies felt like a rare gift. They chose a mountain trail they had never explored before, driving over two hours to reach it. At the foot of the trail, Vivian spotted a stone wall nearby.
The wall, man-made and riddled with small holes, had signs explaining that these were homes for baby snakes.
"Mom, there are snakes in those holes," Vivian exclaimed, her eyes sparkling with curiosity as she leaned closer, hoping to spot one slithering out.
"They're probably resting inside. It's not their active time right now," Joe explained.
The hiking trail was lively, with families enjoying the sunny Saturday. The children, full of curiosity, gathered around the wall to peer into the holes.
Unfortunately, some children were overly mischievous, poking sticks into the holes while their parents looked on indifferently.
One child even shouted gleefully, "I'm going to kill these snakes!"
His parents chuckled but made no effort to stop him.
Vivian frowned, tugging at Skylar's sleeve. "Mom, they're being so rude. That's the baby snakes' home."
Before Skylar could respond, a staff member approached to intervene.
The boy's parents, however, were defensive. "They're just snakes. If they're kept here, they must be harmless and non-venomous. The kid's just playing around. He's not hurting them."
Their remarks drew disapproving looks from others nearby. Quietly, many parents guided their children away, unwilling to let them mimic such behavior.
Skylar and Joe exchanged glances and led Vivian away to continue their hike. The brief disruption didn't spoil their day.
The mountain air was fresh and invigorating. Though Vivian was only a kindergartner, her boundless energy and agility surprised them. She kept pace easily and never once complained about being tired.
Joe's backpack was filled with plenty of food and water. After climbing for a while, the three of them stopped to rest and snack, replenishing their energy.
Hiking was all about enjoying the journey, with its beautiful scenery and moments of discovery.
During their third break, Vivian
suddenly
pointed to a pavilion in the e and said, "Mom, Dad, look! s an old lady over there." 
Then, she added, "She's the old lady from my dream."
Skylar and Joe froze, exchanging startled looks. They turned to the pavilion, but it was empty.
The area was sealed off with tape, likely due to disrepair, and no hikers ventured near it.
Joe's expression darkened slightly, but Skylar remained calm. Smiling at Vivian, she asked, "Did the old lady say anything to you?"
Vivian nodded earnestly. "She told
me
mounew from the top of t
is amazing and that
should keep going. I belt
her."
"The old lady is right. The view from the summit is the best. Let's work together to get there."
"Okay," Vivian said, her excitement renewed.
Joe's brow furrowed slightly, but he said nothing.
Skylar whispered to him a few minutes later, "Don't worry." "Okay," he replied, though his expression remained serious.
Vl
They reached the summit in less than three hours. Although the mountain wasn't the tallest in the area the trail was well-maintained and relatively easy to hike. 
There was also a cable car for the descent.
In fact, they could also take the cable car up, but that would diminish the enjoyment of hiking.
As the cable car descended, Vivian pressed her face against the window, her expression alight with joy. "It's so beautiful!"
Seeing Vivian's happiness filled Skylar and Joe with equal delight.
On the drive home, Vivian fell asleep.
###chapter1762
Joe and Skylar sat in silence for a long time; each lost in their thoughts.
It wasn't until Vivian had fallen asleep that Joe finally spoke, his voice barely audible. "Lately, Vivian keeps mentioning seeing Grandma Viola. I can't shake the feeling it's a sign. Like... one day, Vivian might follow her and leave us."
Skylar's chest tightened. She hadn't expected Joe to voice the same fear that had haunted her since Vivian first brought up Viola.
She knew Viola would never harm Vivian. But the thought lingered. How exactly would that happen?
"One day, we'll have to leave Vivian too. All we can do is cherish every moment we have with her," Skylar murmured.
The future was uncertain, and Viola's intentions remained unclear, but Skylar resolved to focus on the present.
Joe's tense expression softened as her words sank in. "When we get back to Jipsburg, what would you like to eat?"
Skylar replied with a smile, "Vivian loves that Cantorian restaurant. Let's go there." "Sounds perfect," Joe replied, the tension easing from his shoulders.
Meanwhile, Simona sat at a café, her gaze fixed on a luxury car dealership across the street. She spotted Aiken entering the showroom, Zera trailing closely behind.
They had stopped hiding from the paparazzi and the public. The rumors and gossip no longer bothered them. Everyone seemed to feel something positive was on the horizon for them.
Simona sneered. Zera was proving to be quite capable-accomplishing what Wendy never could. The thought irritated her. Wendy deserved better, and Aiken? He lacked the vision or luck to see it.
"That's Zera, right? And... there's your brother," Caleb said, following Simona's line of sight.
As her close friend, Caleb was well aware of Simona's frustrations. With gossip about Aiken and Zera heating up, friends had started speculating that Simona might soon have an entertainment-industry sister-in-law. 
He knew Simona was troubled by the news. Caleb shook his head, feeling a sense of helplessness.
Simona sneered. "Ugh, is he buying Zera a car?"
Aiken had
pleased very right to spend as he
but the idea of him using
their family's wealth to buy Zera a car grated on her nerves. 
"I've been thinking about getting a new car, too. Would you like to come look with me?" Caleb asked, sensing Simona's mood.
He did want to buy a new car but hadn't found the time or interest until now.
Simona's eyes lit up. "I was thinking about getting a new car too. Let's go check them out."
They quickly settled the bill and headed to the dealership, just a short walk away.
Inside, the spacious showroom was quiet. They browsed for a while before finally crossing paths with Aiken and Zera.
Zera clung to Aiken; her arm
wrapped possessively around him et
She exuded the air of someone determined to flaunt her position as his chosen partner. fo 
"Well, what a coincidence," Simona said, her voice dripping with sarcasm as her eyes landed on the pair.
Caleb studied Zera. In person, she was far less striking than her polished image on TV. She wasn't as attractive as Wendy either.
No wonder Simona was upset. If it were him, he would be angry too.
###chapter1763
Zera froze for a moment, her brow furrowing slightly as she looked up in surprise. She hadn't expected to run into Simona at the dealership.
Aiken seemed equally surprised, but he quickly turned to Caleb. "You two are looking to buy a new car?"
"Yeah, we're just browsing," Caleb replied.
Simona ran her fingers over a nearby car. "Aiken, I've decided on this one. Please order it for me."
She had just noticed that Zera was eyeing the same car-a few million dollars' worth. While money wasn't an issue, she simply didn't want Zera to have it.
Aiken had been with Wendy for years and hadn't even bought her a car, likely because Wendy didn't care for such things. She was independent and didn't place value on material items like cars.
Zera's face tightened. The car was the only one of its kind in the city, and she bit her lip, glancing at Aiken.
Sensing the tension, the sales associate wisely kept quiet and remained a passive observer. This wasn't just the typical rivalry between a girlfriend and a mistress but a clash between a sister and her brother's girlfriend.
None of them were easy to deal with.
Aiken turned to the sales associate. "Give her this car," he said, referring to Simona.
Zera's expression darkened immediately. It was clear now that Aiken cared more about his sister than his girlfriend, no matter how much he pampered her. This realization left Zera feeling uncomfortable, but Simona didn't seem particularly pleased either.
"You two continue looking around. I'll go with Caleb to see what car he's interested in," Simona said flatly.
Zera raised an eyebrow, glancing at Caleb. "Is he your boyfriend?"
Caleb was young and handsome, with that effortlessly cool, rebellious demeanor many young people had. He and Simona shared a similar vibe-both coming from powerful, wealthy families, untouchable and above the rest.
Simona shot Zera a cold glance. "What does our relationship have to do with you? Mind your own business."
Her words were sharp and clearly aimed at Zera, but Zera couldn't retort.
Zera's face flushed with a mix of embarrassment and anger, her expression
shifting between red and pale, not looking pleasant at all.
"I was just asking. There's no need to speak to me like that," Zera said, looking at Aiken with a hint of
frustration. In just a matter of moments, the car she had set
eyes on was taken from herer
and
now she was being mocked so coldly. 
As a public figure, she was accustomed to being respected. Aside from the occasional scolding from a director on set, no one dared to show her disrespect, especially now that she was Aiken's girlfriend. But Simona seemed to think nothing of it. 
"Who are you to tell me how to speak?" Simona snapped, rolling her eyes before turning back to Aiken. "Aiken, this woman doesn't know her place've met so many people before, but no one has ever said anything like that to me. A mere actress thinks she's all that, huh?" 
Caleb stifled a laugh. Simona had a talent for getting under people's skin, and with just a few words, she could leave someone seething with rage.
Zera's face turned red with embarrassment, and she couldn't hold it in any longer. "I know you don't like me with your brother, but there's no need to be so harsh."
Simona smirked. "You've misjudged me. If I were truly harsh, you wouldn't even make it out of this dealership today."
She wasn't the type to take challenges lightly, and she wasn't afraid to make that known.
###chapter1764
Aiken furrowed his brows and said, "Go and browse with Caleb. If you find something else you like, just buy it."
Zera felt frustrated as she watched the indulgence Aiken showed Simona. But she knew speaking further would only make things worse. Any attempt to argue would surely lead to Simona humiliating her even more.
"Fine. But you should stop bringing her out. It's embarrassing when people take pictures," Simona added, deepening the tension.
If Zera were a more serious and respectable actress, she might have been able to earn Simona's respect. Unfortunately, Zera had climbed the ladder by using powerful connections, often at the expense of others like Wendy.
Simona had no issue with Zera's ambition, but she couldn't overlook the harm Zera had caused Wendy.
Zera's face flushed red with anger.
The sales associate, who had been quietly observing, couldn't wait to disappear. He pretended not to hear the exchange.
Once Simona and Caleb wandered off to another part of the showroom, Zera turned to Aiken, her eyes welling with tears. "I don't understand. Why does your sister hate me? I've done nothing to her, yet she treats me like this."
She was a celebrity adored by many, and her popularity soared with her relationship with Aiken. Every day, her fans flooded her social media, chanting her
name. But to Simona, she was nothing but an insignificant actress.
"She's just been in a bad mood lately. Don't take it personally," Aiken said casually.
His lack of concern for Simona's harsh words only made Zera feel more aggrieved. Zera thought Simona's animosity might have something to do with Wendy-perhaps Wendy had secretly sabotaged her.
...
Meanwhile, Caleb turned to Simona and said, "Don't you think you're being too harsh on Aiken's girlfriend? That Zera is Aiken's current girlfriend, isn't she?"
"Girlfriend? That's just what the tabloids are saying, and it's something Zera believes herself. I've seen it all before. Aiken's always had women around him, and the more they're pampered, the less he cares. But now..." Simona frowned, sensing something different about Zera.
Caleb raised an eyebrow. "What's different now?"
Simona shook her head. "Nothing. Just pick a car you like."
"The one I want isn't here. Let's try another place." "Alright."
Later that evening, a bombshell dropped in the group chat, and
Janine was the first to react. "
dear son, today isn't April Fool's Day. Are you joking?" 
Steven quickly followed, "Is this for real?"
Harvey chimed in, "You and Thelma?"
Skylar, thinking for a moment, replied, "Charles, I thought you'd be indecisive a bit longer. Guess I was wrong."
Charles responded, "When I bring Thelma home to introduce her to everyone, you'll see for yourselves Harvey already knows her. She's a great person, very dedicated to what she does, and we share a lot of common ground." 
While on vacation on the island, Harvey sent a voice message that lasted a few seconds. "Charles, you didn't join that variety show just because of Thelma, did you? And when I asked you to take care of her, you actually plan to look after her for life? Thelma's situation is a bit complicated. Have you looked into it?" 
Charles replied, "Yes, she told me about it, and I don't think it's a problem."
Harvey answered, "Well, if you say there's no issue, then I trust you. Anyway, her family's situation can be solved with money."
Janine then added, "Find some time to bring her home so I can meet her."
Charles replied, "Sure."
Skylar, reading through the messages, couldn't help but laugh.
Joe, who was beside her, noticed her smile and asked curiously, "What's so funny?"
###chapter1765
Skylar smiled. "Finally, Charles has figured it out. He's with Thelma now."
Seeing her genuine happiness, Joe felt a lift in his own mood. "That's good."
"Since he's decided to be with Thelma, it means he's thought it through carefully," Skylar added. She believed Harvey's earlier concerns about Thelma's family situation wouldn't be a problem for Charles, who surely would have considered it before making his decision.
Skylar was also aware of some aspects of Thelma's situation. A few days ago, reporters had leaked details about her past.
The variety show that Charles and Thelma recently participated in had aired, and the response was overwhelmingly positive. Thelma's popularity skyrocketed almost overnight.
Before her rise to fame, reporters had shown little interest in her background. But now, with her newfound fame, there were likely people who resented her success. Perhaps out of jealousy, they'd hired a team to discredit her.
Fortunately, Clement, who had been with Charles for years, was skilled at handling such situations and had cleared things up. However, news about Thelma's family background had already spread.
Her parents had tragically passed away, and before she even finished high school, she was forced to take on the responsibility of her family. Then, a gas explosion severely injured her grandmother and younger brother.
Despite these hardships, Thelma had faced everything with courage and optimism. Her family situation was undeniably complicated, and there seemed to be a pattern of misfortune in her life.
As Skylar reflected on this, she and Charles seemed to share a silent understanding. Charles sent her a voice message.
"Skye, there's something I need your help with. I think something's off with Thelma's family. It's almost as if someone's deliberately targeting them. First, her parents died in a car accident, but the driver was never found. Then, her grandmother and brother were victims of a terrible gas explosion. It all seems too coincidental."
Skylar nodded as she listened to the message. "I was just thinking about this," she replied.
Charles continued, "Do you think some negative items caused the accidents? Do you have time? Could you come with us to her hometown to check it out?" Skylar replied, "I'm free this weekend."
Charles responded, "Then I'll coordinate with Thelma to set up a time. We'll pick you up."
After ending the call, Skylar turned and saw Joe watching her. Her expression had turned serious.
Joe asked, "Do you think her family's situation is connected to some negative items?"
Skylar shook her head. "I'm not sure yet. We'll have to go to her hometown to figure it out."
In the absence of a negative item, they'd need to consider whether it could be the result of human interference. Perhaps someone didn't want her family to survive, or maybe they had offended someone or uncovered something they shouldn't have. That could explain why they were being targeted. 
Joe climbed into bed. "In that case, let's sleep for now." Skylar glanced at the time. "Alright, let's sleep."
It was a Saturday, and Skylar was having breakfast with Joe and Vivian.
Soon after, Charles and Thelma arrived. Skylar brought some homemade bread Edgar had baked the day before and got into their car. She sat in the back while Charles drove, and Thelma sat in the front passenger seat.
At first, Thelma was a bit shy and didn't say much. But with Charles in the car, the mood lightened.
"Skye, Thelma got you a gift," Charles said.
Only then did Thelma remember.
She had been so shocked by how much more beautiful Skylar was in person than in photos. Thelma had alway thought herself quite beautiful, but standing next to Skylar, she couldn't help but feel a sense of inferiority. 
Thelma had also worried that her
family's situation might lead to ions from Charles' family. However, Charles had reassured her that his family would support them and that the challenges they faced were nothing compared to how much he valued her as a person. 
Still, she couldn't quite shake the feeling that people would try to stop them from being together.
###chapter1766
To Thelma's surprise, when she met Skylar today, she was unexpectedly
approachable, smiling as soon as she got into the car.
"This is a cashmere scarf I knitted myself. I hope you like it," Thelma said, handing it over.
Knitting had been one of her hobbies since childhood-gloves, hats, scarves, and clothes. Nowadays, when anxiety struck and she couldn't calm her mind, knitting scarves for herself was her way of finding peace.
Skylar was pleasantly surprised. "You're talented. A handmade scarf feels so much more personal. I love it."
"I knew you'd like it. I have one too," Charles said proudly, his eyes gleaming with a touch of boastfulness, his tone dripping with pride.
Thelma sighed with relief.
The journey was long, taking several hours. Over time, Skylar and Thelma got more comfortable with each other.
Thelma began to share some of the incidents from her family's past. At first, she hadn't thought much of them, but after hearing Charles mention the possibility of negative forces being involved, she realized just how strange some of those events had been.
For years, she had been focused solely on helping her grandmother, Maia Blair, and her brother, Calvert Johnston, never considering how those incidents might be connected.
"It's still just a theory that something negative might be involved. If not, it could be something human-made. You should really think about whether anything unusual happened before your parents passed away," Skylar suggested gently.
Thelma nodded thoughtfully, her mind beginning to turn over the possibilities.
Her parents had passed away many years ago, and many details had faded with time. They had always been humble, hardworking people who led simple lives without ever causing trouble. It seemed unlikely they had enemies who would go to such lengths to harm them.
But in the years since, Thelma had encountered all kinds of people and situations. Sometimes, the most improbable things would turn out to be true.
It was a plausible theory, but she wondered how it related to Maia and Calvert.
The four-hour drive passed quickly, and soon, they arrived at Liberty County, where they made their way to Thelma's home.
As they exited the car, Charles quickly pulled a mask over his face to conceal his identity.
Thelma did the same, both of them wearing identical masks.
Skylar smiled faintly, her lips curling upward.
Charles had always been a well-known figure, and many people recognized him. Meanwhile, Thelma had grown up in Liberty County, her neighbors would easily recognize her. By wearing masks, they ensured that if they encountered anyone, they wouldn't be immediately identified. 
The neighborhood in front of them was an old one. There were no clear distinctions between pedestrian and vehicle lanes, so the car was parked right next to the building's entrance. 
"This is it. It may be messy inside. The complex hasn't had property management for years. When Grandma lived here, she used to clean every day.
"After the fire, I cleaned up the place
ΕΛΕ
a bit. The kitchen was the worst, but the other two bedrooms weren't too belma explained as they made their way up the stairs. 
As they walked through the hallway, Skylar and Charles could see that the place
was dirty and disorganized, as Thelma had said.
Many residents had left their belongings in the hallway, cluttering the common space.
The lack of cleaning was evident, with trash scattered across the floor. Skylar couldn't help but frown at the sight.
###chapter1767
The neighbors had likely grown accustomed to Maia's quiet contributions over the years. But since she'd been unwell, the hallway had fallen into disrepair. It was as if no one had cleaned it in years.
Maia used to live alone here, as Thelma had moved to Jipsburg with her parents and Calvert. But after the tragic accident that killed her parents, Calvert returned to live with Maia while attending school in Liberty County.
When Thelma unlocked the door, the scene inside unfolded before them.
She stood there, her eyes reddening as she took in the familiar yet haunting sight. Although she had cleaned up after the fire, the apartment could never return to its original state.
At the time, she lacked the energy and resources to do much more, so she hired only a few helpers to tackle the worst of it.
Charles noticed her sudden shift in mood and quickly moved to embrace her.
"I'm fine," Thelma said softly, shaking her head.
Meanwhile, Skylar stepped inside silently, her gaze sweeping over every corner of the room without a word.
The apartment was almost bare, with very few furnishings remaining. The devastation from the explosion was evident in every corner. Thelma quickly pushed open the doors to the two bedrooms.
Skylar didn't enter. Instead, she stood at the doorway, glanced inside, and then returned to the living room. Her quiet demeanor made Thelma uneasy, and her nerves tightened further.
Sensing Thelma's tension, Charles leaned toward her and whispered, "Don't worry."
Thelma nodded faintly.
After about ten minutes of careful inspection, Skylar turned to face them. "There's no trace of negative energy in this house. Even if the fire had destroyed it, its presence should still linger. This confirms the incident wasn't caused by any negative items."
If it wasn't related to negative items, the tragedy in Thelma's family was either a terrible coincidence or the result of deliberate foul play. If it was the latter, the matter became far more complex.
She had considered this the night before. It would have been easier to handle if it were due to negative items. But if a person was behind it...
The thought weighed heavily on her, and it was clear Charles and Thelma shared the concerns. Their expressions darkened as they exchanged glances.
"On the way here, I remembered something. Just two days before my parents passed away, they argued. I had just gotten home from school when I walked in on them, but they stopped when they saw me.
"That night, I got up to use the bathroom, and their bedroom light was still on. I overheard bits and pieces of their conversation. My dad said something like, 'We'll pretend we didn't see anything. We can't stir up trouble. Both kids are still in school. If we cause any problems, how will they manage?' 
"At that time, I didn't think much of it. My parents were honest, hardworking people. They'd never go looking for trouble, which meant they were often taken advantage of."
Thelma's thought drifted back to the past.
Revisiting those memories made the harsh truth even clearer-her parents had been gone for so long. She missed them deeply.
Charles held her hand tightly, hoping to offer her comfort and reassurance.
Skylar asked, "Did you ever tell the police about this?"
Thelma shook her head. "No. I was devastated back then, completely lost. I just accepted whatever the police told me. It didn't even occur to me that my parents' deaths might not have been an accident." 
Skylar glanced at Charles.
Charles frowned and said, "We need to look into this thoroughly."
"I know someone who can help us investigate," Skylar replied, thinking of Aiken.
This had happened several years
ago, and the police hadn't uncovered
any leads, Maybe Aiken could dig up something new. Hopefully, it was just a accident. But if someone tried to silence them, then Thelma might still be in danger. After all, she was the only one in her family left unharmed. 
###chapter1768
On the way back, Skylar reached out to Aiken. After discussing the situation, she was about to end the call when Aiken stopped her.
"Has Wendy contacted you recently?" Aiken asked.
Skylar was surprised. She hadn't expected Aiken to ask about Wendy. She had assumed Aiken had moved on, especially now that he seemed serious about Zera. But it appeared he hadn't fully let go of Wendy.
After a brief pause, Skylar replied, "No, she's probably been busy. Do you still have feelings for her?"
Aiken fell silent. A minute passed before he spoke again. "She's someone I once loved. I just hope she's doing well."
Skylar raised an eyebrow. "Wendy is a strong person. She'll be fine wherever she goes. I'm sure she wishes the same for you."
Skylar knew Wendy was a kind-hearted person who, despite her hardships, showed kindness toward the world and the people around her. Such a person deserved to be treated well. But Aiken...
Well, everyone had their own choices. As a friend, Skylar couldn't help but feel regret about how things had turned out for them.
"Even with how I treated her, she still wished me well. Sometimes, Skylar, I feel a bit despicable," Aiken admitted. He knew these were words he could only share with her.
Skylar hesitated before asking, "What about Zera?"
Aiken chuckled. "She's not even close to Wendy. Honestly, she doesn't deserve to be compared."
Skylar wasn't sure whether to feel pleased for Wendy or sorry for her.
Some people could compartmentalize love and desire so clearly, even when knowing their actions might hurt others. They simply couldn't control themselves.
"Alright, I know you're busy, so I
won't take up more of your time. I'll need some time to look into this matter. It sounds a bit complicated, and I'meed to investigate carefully," Aiken said, shaking off his tangled thoughts. Realizing he had shared too much, he decided to end the conversation there. 
Skylar responded with a simple "Okay" before ending the call.
Noticing the call had ended, Charles said, "The situation with Aiken and Zera is
attracting a lot of attention. Zera's been acting pretty arrogant lately."
"Yeah, I've noticed," Skylar replied, not wanting to discuss Zera further.
Charles saw her reluctance and didn't press the topic. Nearby, Thelma, still absorbed in her thoughts, appeared lost in memories, likely trying to recall events from a few years ago.
The next day, Charles and Thelma arrived on set, one after the other.
Their relationship had yet to be made public.
Due to the ongoing variety show, rumors had started to swirl, though Charles didn't mind. He was open to revealing their relationship, but- Thelma felt her family situation was still complicated. She wanted to focus on building her career, acting
more, and earning enough money to resolve her matters first. 
Once things improved, she'd
announce their relationship, hoping she could offer Charles something positive-something that would make people believe his choice to be with her was the right one.
However, the atmosphere on set felt off that day. The director called Charles over
while Thelma stood nearby, looking confused.
The director told Charles, "We're considering replacing Thelma in her current
role."
###chapter1769
Charles asked, "Why?"
His face darkened.
The director replied, "A friend of mine gave me a heads-up about some potential issues with Thelma. Some hidden problems haven't come to light yet, but they could harm our project once they do. I know she's one of your studio's celebrities, but since she's one of your first signings, you might not be fully aware of the risks behind the scenes.
"You can terminate her contract if you want. Also, there have been a lot of
negative rumors about her recently. If there's truth to them, it's hard for us to trust her."
Charles' voice dropped as he asked, "Who told you this?"
If the director had paid closer attention to Charles' expression, he would have noticed the anger simmering beneath Charles' expression.
Not far away, Thelma was heading to find her makeup artist when the crew informed her that her makeup artist wouldn't be coming. Moreover, there were no scenes scheduled for her today.
She froze, confused. How could she not have any scenes? She'd prepared thoroughly, memorizing her lines before arriving on set.
Then, she caught sight of Charles speaking with the director, and realization struck. The color drained from her face.
Just half an hour ago, she had promised Charles she would take her career seriously—that when people mentioned her as Charles' girlfriend, they wouldn't see her as a burden.
Now, in mere minutes, everything she had said seemed to unravel. She couldn't even film today. Her mind spiraled into a storm of confusion and disbelief.
After what felt like an eternity, she saw Charles walking toward her.
Without a word, he reached for her hand, ignoring the curious stares around them, and led her off the set.
Someone called after Charles, but he didn't stop or look back. He kept walking until they reached his car.
Thelma, still overwhelmed, felt her thoughts begin to settle only after they were seated inside his car. She glanced down at her hand, still held firmly in his. His large, warm hand enveloped hers, grounding her in a way she hadn't expected. 
Over the years, she had faced countless challenges, always alone. People who promised to stand by her had faded away, afraid of being dragged down. But this was the first time someone had stayed. 
"Did I cause you a lot of trouble?" she asked, her voice barely above a whisper. Charles gently stroked her hair. "It's not your fault. Don't worry. Let's head back to the studio first. I've already contacted Clement, and he will handle it."
Unbeknownst to Thelma, someone had approached the director privately and shown him incriminating photos. The images convinced the director and some producers that Thelma could become a liability.
Charles would ensure Clement dealt with it, but he saw no need to burden Thelma with the details. She had endured enough, and as her boyfriend, it was his responsibility to shield her this time.
Thelma studied Charles' calm
demeanor. His composed
expression betrayed no sign of worry, but she wasn't convinced everything was fine. Before she could ask what had happened, her phone buzzed incessantly with incoming messages. 
###chapter1770
When Thelma saw the messages, her face turned pale.
"What's wrong?" Charles asked, noticing her stiff posture as she stared at her phone. Leaning over, he caught a glimpse of the screen.
It was a photo-one that showed Thelma unclothed.
"Don't look!" Charles said quickly.
Tears welled in Thelma's eyes. Her voice trembled as she said, "I didn't take these photos. The person in them isn't me, but the face... it's mine."
Charles sighed. "I saw these earlier with the director."
He hadn't intended for her to learn about this yet, but it appeared she had already seen them.
"You... saw them earlier? Then..." Thelma's heart raced as she looked at Charles, afraid he might misunderstand and think she had something to do with it.
But Charles remained calm, offering a reassuring smile. "They're either edited or Al-generated. I believe you. Who sent them to you?"
"It was my former agent. She's always been good to me. If she's seen them, then others must have too. No wonder the director told me I couldn't film today."
She never imagined that, while she had no intention of harming anyone, someone had been scheming against her. But who?
"I'll handle this. You stay home and rest for the next few days," Charles said, making up his mind. He wouldn't let Thelma suffer any more harm.
Thelma bit her lip, her expression hardening with determination. "I can't keep hiding behind you. This is my battle, and I need to face it. I'm going to report this to the police."
Charles blinked in surprise before his expression brightened. "Good. Let's report it. I'll have Clement contact a lawyer and draft a statement. We'll get to the bottom of this. Whoever's behind this will pay."
Thelma's eyes filled with tears as she looked at Charles. No matter what decision she made, he stood by her, ready to share her burdens. She had always thought of herself as unlucky, but now, she realized how fortunate she was to have met Charles. 
The photos of Thelma had initially circulated privately among directors, investors, and producers. But someone leaked them to the media. Within hours, the photos dominated trending topics across all platforms.
Everyone was talking about Thelma. Once an invisible figure in the entertainment industry, she was now the center of attention-for all the wrong reasons.
In the makeup room of a film set, Sienna Conner's assistant, Phoebe Mendez, showed her the headlines.
"Look at this, Ms. Conner! Thelma's finished. Who knew she had such a wild side? She always acted so proper, like she was better than everyone else. Turns out she's not. What a disgrace! She's finally famous, though-dominating the trending topics. Charles must be regretting signing someone with so much baggage." 
Sienna stared at the headline, stunned.
"How did this even make it to the trending list?" she asked, surprised.
F.n
"Once something like this breaks, it's bound to trend," Phoebe replied. "If it had happened earlier in her career no one would've cared. But now, she's Charles' first signed talent, and she's been gaining attention This scandal hit the top of the list in no time." 
Phoebe's tone was matter-of-fact, but even she was surprised by Sienna's
reaction. It was rare to see her so shaken.
###chapter1771
Phoebe wondered why Sienna was so indifferent to seeing Thelma trending on social media. This kind of negative trend could destroy someone's career. If it were anyone else, they'd probably relish the drama. So why did Sienna seem so disinterested?
Sienna's unusual irritation over Thelma's trending topics puzzled Phoebe. It felt petty, even for her.
Lately, Sienna had been slipping from the spotlight. Despite a new variety show airing, the public's attention was firmly fixed on Charles and Thelma.
After all, Thelma's beauty was rare in the entertainment industry. She had a magnetic charm that appealed to both men and women. Just a few days ago, Phoebe had found herself secretly rooting for Charles and Thelma, even staying up late to watch Thelma's videos.
Sienna immediately pulled out her phone and opened Facebook. When she saw that Thelma trending at number one, she was stunned.
She scrolled further, and the next seven or eight trending topics were also about Thelma-some even involving Charles. The sheer volume of posts made it clear the situation was spiraling out of control.
Her expression shifted.
Phoebe, not noticing Sienna's change in demeanor, skimmed through the trending topics. Surprised, she said, "This might not be true. Thelma has already gone to the police, and Charles' studio released a legal statement. This is going to blow up.
"Wait, there's more. Some tech-savvy accounts are saying the photos are fake. They're from a movie, and the actress in those photos isn't Thelma. They were taken from a film starring a Preuze actress. These aren't Thelma's photos at all."
Phoebe continued to scroll, increasingly shocked. "No way! This is unbelievable. Who would go to such lengths to frame Thelma? Honestly, I thought something was off when I saw those pictures. Thelma's body is way better, and she's taller, too-"
She stopped mid-sentence, noticing how pale Sienna had become. Setting her phone down, Phoebe nervously asked, "Ms. Conner, are you okay? You don't look well."
Sienna gripped her phone tightly. After a long silence, she said coldly, "Get out."
"Huh? Okay," Phoebe replied, casting a hesitant glance at Sienna's stormy expression before leaving.
She couldn't help but feel a little taken aback, but she was already used to it. After all, it wasn't unusual for a celebrity like Sienna, who had such a short temper, to act like this in the entertainment industry. 
After Phoebe left the room, Sienna slumped onto the couch, feeling utterly drained. "Call the police? Is it really necessary? What's there to report?"
?
Despite saying that, her face grew paler by the second. She stubbornly checked Thelma's and Charles Facebook pages again. The more she looked, the worse she felt. 
Then she saw it. Charles had just pinned a post announcing his relationship with Thelma. Right in the middle of the scandal, he'd boldly revealed their romance. He was standing by Thelma. 
Sienna felt like she was choking on her anger. "How could this happen?" she whispered, her voice trembling.
Her phone buzzed with a flood of new WhatsApp notifications. Hesitating, she opened them.
Her confusion only deepened as she read them.
"What's going on, Sienna? Are the photos you gave me real? Who gave you those photos? Do you realize how bad this is?"
Message after message asked the same thing, demanding answers.
Sienna stared at the screen, her mind racing. She didn't dare respond to any of them.
###chapter1772
Since Thelma left the set, she had followed Charles' advice and returned home. Her phone was not turned off but set to silent mode.
Charles had mentioned that many people would be trying to contact her today. Some would be genuinely concerned, while others would simply be seeking drama. Either way, she didn't need to concern herself with it. Her priority was the script.
The new place she had moved to was also an apartment, but it was bigger, in a better complex with improved security, and she didn't have to worry about the media following her.
With the police involved and a lawyer handling the situation, there was nothing to fear. She hadn't done anything wrong, so there was no reason to feel afraid. The ones who should be worried were those who had fabricated the fake photos.
She refocused on the script. If she wanted to match Charles' caliber, she needed to put in the effort. Talking the talk wasn't enough; she had to take action and work hard.
Just as she finished reviewing her lines, a knock came at the door. Assuming it was Charles, she walked over to open it.
However, the sight of the person standing there made her expression harden.
"What are you doing here?" she asked, her hand already on the door, ready to close it.
But Warwick wedged his foot in the doorway, blocking her attempt.
"What can't it be me? Thelma, you've got some nerve. So resourceful, huh? So quick to get involved with Charles? And now you've got him publicly announcing your relationship—at a time like this? I underestimated you." Warwick's words were filled with bitterness.
He had been interested in her for years, only to watch someone else swoop in and claim her. The sting of rejection fueled his resentment.
Thelma froze, her mind racing. She hadn't expected this confrontation, nor had she known that Charles had gone public with their relationship. Charles had told her not to worry about anything, but now she wondered if he intended to shoulder the storm alone.
For a brief moment, her eyes welled with emotion. "Yeah, you did underestimate me."
For years, she believed she would never meet someone who truly cared for her. But Charles had proven otherwise. Through his actions, he had shown her that she was worth it.
Warwick's sneer deepened. "So, those photos-they're real, aren't they? You really surprise me, Thelma. Acting all pure and
righteous in front of me, pretending you didn't want anything to do with me. s?novel
"Meanwhile, you were off taking photos like that. How many people have you slept with behind my back? I thought you were different from the other actresses!"
His words gripped with venom. The
woman he had schemed and obsessed over turned out to have
been with others, and now she had
latched onto Charles. The realization churned his stomach.
It couldn't have been more disgusting. But more than that, it was infuriating.
Thelma's face darkened at his
words. "You clearly haven't seen the
trending news. I've already reported
this to the authorities and issued a legal statement. Soon enough, I'll be proven innocent. Now, leave."
Warwick let out a derisive laugh. "You think I'm falling for that PR stunt? Don't act innocent with me, Thelma. You've always been a liar!"
Before he could finish, Thelma delivered a swift kick to his groin.
Caught completely off guard, Warwick let out a strangled cry and crumpled to the ground, clutching himself in pain.
Thelma slammed the door shut without a second glance.
She hadn't used much force, so she wasn't worried about hurting Warwick too badly. He deserved it anyway.
Warwick's pained groans echoed outside for a moment before fading. But soon, he was back, pounding on the door. "Open up! We need to talk. You owe me an explanation."
The thought of Thelma being with Charles gnawed at him. It left an unbearable bitterness in his chest.
###chapter1773
The thought of Thelma and Charles being intimate made Warwick feel sick to his
core.
Inside, Thelma ignored his shouting and relentless pounding on the door. Once she calmed down, she immediately called the security guard.
She couldn't fathom how Warwick had managed to bypass the building's excellent security or how he even knew where she lived. The chilling realization that he might have hired someone to investigate her sent a shiver down her spine. He had crossed too many lines.
Within ten minutes, Warwick's shouting ceased.
She could faintly hear him arguing with the security guards outside. He valued his public image, so she knew he wouldn't risk causing more trouble.
Sitting on the couch, she drank two glasses of water, letting the cool liquid soothe her frayed nerves. Once she felt composed, she picked up her phone and called Charles.
He answered almost instantly.
"Aren't you supposed to be resting? Not following orders now, are you?" Charles teased gently.
Hearing his voice made Thelma's eyes sting with unshed tears. Just moments before, she had been questioning herself, wondering what she had done to deserve someone as genuine and kind as Charles.
Now, his concern unraveled her defenses. She couldn't hold back her tears any longer.
Charles immediately picked up on it. "Are you crying? Were you scared? Don't worry about it. Everything happening right now is just minor. Clement and I are handling it, and the police will track down who faked those photos soon enough. Just trust me, okay?"
His reassurance only made her cry harder, her sobs growing louder.
Charles' voice grew more alarmed. "Hey, hey, what's wrong? Don't be scared. I'm here, okay?"
"I'm not scared... Charles, I don't
have many good qualities, and my family is a mess. I have many issues myself, yet you're still so sincere with me. When problems arise, you stand before me, shielding me from the storm. I know you've announced our relationship, but is it really okay to do that now?" 
Thelma took a long pause to steady her voice, her heart heavy with worry. She didn't want to drag Charles into her chaos.
Charles chuckled softly upon hearing her words. "What's the big deal? You've always been my girlfriend; people should know about our relationship. Announcing it today or tomorrow makes no difference."
"But..."
"It's nothing. Relax, get some rest at home, and if anything comes up,just call mez Don't bother responding to anyone else's calls or messages, alright?" Charles' tone was gentle but firm, his concern evident. 
Thelma nodded. "Okay, I'll listen to you."
She didn't feel the need to tell Charles about Warwick showing up. There was no point in worrying Charles further.
Besides, she had already said
everything she needed to say to Warwick. The security guard had already handled the situation, and since she wasn't leaving her
ve
apartment, there was no chance of
running into Warwick again.
...
Downstairs, Warwick was escorted out of the apartment building by a security
guard, his appearance disheveled and his pride in tatters.
He had managed to get up to her place only because he had access to the building's keycard.
###chapter1774
As for how Warwick had gotten the keycard, he had his methods. However, being escorted out in such a humiliating manner left him fuming. He raised his head to look at the towering building.
Thelma lived on the 23rd floor. Even if he craned his neck, he couldn't catch a glimpse of her.
Her cold, indifferent demeanor earlier only fueled his anger. He wanted nothing more than to drag her back and confront her immediately. The thought of Thelma and Charles possibly being intimate made his irritation burn hotter.
"What gives Charles the right?" he muttered angrily, clenching his fits.
Before his anger could spiral further, his phone buzzed insistently in his pocket. The interruption forced him to rein in his emotions. Taking a deep breath, he pulled out his phone and answered as he strode toward his car.
"Sienna? Why are you calling me?" Warwick's tone was curt. He didn't like Sienna.
Fans were blind to her true nature, but insiders knew exactly what kind of person she was. Sienna cultivated an image of refinement and aloofness, but behind the scenes, she clawed her way to the top using every underhanded tactic imaginable.
No one could guess how many people she had manipulated—or slept with-to secure her position.
To make matters worse, Thelma had once been Sienna's assistant, enduring harassment for being too pretty.
Later, they worked on a few projects together, but Warwick was unimpressed by Sienna's acting. She lacked the ability to carry a scene or connect with her co- stars, dragging down his performances and making him the target of criticism for his supposedly mediocre acting.
These memories only deepened his dislike for her.
Given their lack of personal interaction, Warwick was genuinely surprised by her sudden call.
Unbothered by his sharp tone, Sienna spoke with desperation. "Warwick, I need your help. You have connections-you can find someone to help me get through this crisis."
"Crisis? What kind of trouble are you in?" Warwick's scepticism was clear as he sank into the driver's seat. As far as he knew, there hadn't been any major scandals about Sienna lately.
The only thing remotely damaging to her image was her disastrous appearance on a variety show with Thelma. Sienna had been compared to Thelma throughout the show and had come out looking terrible.
Her overly plasticized features had drawn public scrutiny, and even with heavy makeup, her face appeared stiff and unnatural. The media had been relentless in using this to attack her.
"Have you seen the trending topic about Thelma?" Sienna gritted her teeth.
Warwick frowned. "Pretty sure everyone in Jipsburg has seen it by now. What's your point? I don't have time for nonsense, so you'd better get to it quickly."
Sienna hastily continued, "The pictures of Thelma were fake. I made them up and leaked them. I couldn't stand watching her climb the ladder using Charles' name know you've been after her for years. You wouldn't want to see her getting all this attention-or ending up with him, would you?" 
"You're telling me those pictures were fake? You were behind this?" Warwick's voice dropped ominously.
"Yes, I made them up. Who knows how many people Thelma's been cozying up to behind closed doors? don't have proof about anyone else, but clearly, she's got some tricks up her sleeve. Somehow, she's O managed to worm her way into Charles' favor, and now he's protecting her. 
"I've been in the entertainment industry for years, working tail off with no shortcuts, so of course, I can't stand watching someone like her climb the ladder this way. Honestly, she belongs with you. You've been chasing her for years. You'll not just hand her over to someone else, right?" 
Sienna's every word was laced with hatred for Thelma.
After realizing the situation had spiraled out of control, she scrambled for a way out. Her agent urged her to issue an apology and seek forgiveness from Charles and Thelma to avoid police involvement.
But apologizing and issuing a statement would effectively end her career, and she wasn't about to let that happen.
Warwick sneered. "So, what exactly do you want me to do?"
Sienna thought Warwick could help her, so she quickly said, "I need you to find someone to clean this up for me. Ideally, we get Charles and Thelma to admit the pictures were real. If the police stay out of it, all the better.
"Once Thelma's reputation is in tatters, she'll have no choice but to turn to you. Then, you can do whatever you want with her. You help me, and it's a win-win for both of us."
###chapter1775
Sienna knew that Warwick had powerful backing. A minor issue like this could be easily resolved.
With the company refusing to help her and her agent offering no support, she decided to seek assistance elsewhere. She had even devised a plan to bring Thelma down, ensuring she would never recover.
"You think I'm an idiot? They've already contacted the police and hired a lawyer. It'll only take a couple of days before they come after you. You'd better prepare to be the defendant. If you're this dumb, you shouldn't even step outside!" Warwick snapped, his frustration spilling over.
Sienna's naivety was astonishing-she truly believed others could be as foolish as she was.
The words left Sienna stunned. It took her a long moment to regain her composure.
She finally understood-Warwick had no intention of helping her. He never had. "No wonder Thelma rejected you. You're such an idiot," Sienna cursed angrily. But she didn't dare say these words to Warwick directly.
As her initial anger subsided, panic set in. The trending topic on Facebook wasn't fading; it was gaining traction. More and more people were discussing it, and the situation was spiraling out of control.
The harder she prayed for it to calm down, the worse it became. She felt completely lost.
"I can't let it end like this. I've worked too hard-signed contracts and secured endorsements. If I fall now, everything I've earned won't even cover the damages."
The thought sent her into a frenzy.
Finally, she settled on a plan. She would go to Charles, make him see Thelma for
who she really was, and convince him to withdraw his support.
With this thought in mind, Sienna contacted several people to find out where Charles was, and then she went to meet him.
Today, Charles had an advertisement shoot scheduled.
Despite the online controversy and numerous reporters vying for an interview, Charles remained
professional, fully focused on his et
work. Sienna, familiar with the production team, easily gained access to the set. 
She stood in the corner, waiting for Charles to finish. Watching him shine so brightly only fueled her anger. Over the years, she had made countless attempts to get close to him, even using work as an excuse. Yet, Charles never gave her a second glance. 
It was as though she carried a curse. And now, he was with Thelma. What made Thelma so special? How had she managed to captivate both Charles and Warwick? 
The more Sienna dwelled on it, the more unbearable it became.
A staff member, Leland Hayward, noticed her and quietly asked, "Ms. Conner, are you here to see Mr. Sullivan?"
Sienna forced a smile. "Yes, I need to speak with Mr. Sullivan about something."
"I'll go let him know," Leland said and turned to approach Charles.
Sienna quickly stopped him. "No need to bother him. It's not urgent. I'll just wait for him here. Is he almost done?"
Leland nodded. "Just a few more shots. He'll be done in about half an hour."
"Great. I'll wait here. You can get back to work."
###chapter1776
Leland said, "Okay."
After Leland left, Sienna continued to watch Charles. About half an hour later, as he finished filming and was about to leave, Sienna stepped forward, blocking his path.
"Mr. Sullivan, I need to speak with you privately."
Charles looked at her with a blank expression, his tone distant. "Sorry, I have other matters to attend to. If it's something important, talk to my agent."
Sienna bristled at his dismissal but restrained her anger, remembering the reason for her approach. She forced herself to speak patiently. "What I need to discuss is about Thelma. Just half an hour of your time, Mr. Sullivan."
Charles finally looked her in the eye at the mention of Thelma's name. "Thelma?" "Yes," Sienna replied, feeling a sting of humiliation.
In Charles's eyes, a popular actress like herself was less significant than Thelma —an industry nobody.
Charles checked his watch and nodded. "I can spare you 20 minutes. Let's talk outside."
"Alright."
Once outside, Sienna quickly scanned the surroundings. Satisfied that no one was around, she breathed a sigh of relief.
"Go ahead," Charles said, clearly not interested in wasting time.
Sienna forced a smile, trying to look more composed. "Let me get straight to the point. Mr. Sullivan, you don't really know Thelma. She has deceived you.
"A few years ago, Thelma was my assistant. Back then, she wasn't someone who focused on her work. All she cared about was finding ways to use me as a stepping stone for her debut."
Charles's face darkened. "If this is the kind of thing you wanted to say, we're done here. I don't want to hear any more, and I suggest you keep this to yourself."
Seeing that Charles didn't even have a hint of doubt and immediately defended Thelma, Sienna took a deep breath and continued, "You're being fooled by her act, Mr. Sullivan. She's not who you think she is. Even Warwick has been deceived." 
"You might not know this," Sienna pressed on, but Thelma has been involved with Warwick for years. Their relationship has always been... questionable. I can't stand by and watch someone I admire like you be taken advantage of by her 
"That's enough. You can leave now," Charles snapped coldly. He regretted wasting time listening to Sienna's nonsense.
Sienna's eyes widened in disbelief. "Mr. Sullivan, you don't believe me? If you don't, you can ask Warwick. He knows exactly what kind of person Thelma is."
"I said you can leave now," Charles replied, his patience finally running out. He turned to walk away.
Panicked, Sienna chased after him. She reached out and grabbed his wrist. "Mr. Sullivan, please. Can you drop the case? Don't let the police continue the investigation, and don't let the lawyers continue with Thelma's matter.
"I... I just couldn't stand it anymore. I thought Thelma was deceiving everyone,
and in my frustration, I made those fake photos. I swear, I did it merely to vent my frustration."
Charles narrowed his eyes. "So it was you."
Sienna couldn't bring herself to look
him in the eye. She kept her head
down, continuing, "I know I was wrong. Even if I knew Thelma wasn't a good person, I shouldn't have faked those photos. Mr. Sullivan, I've always been a fan of yours. Can you forgive my impulsive actions? I was just being irrational." 
"No!" Charles said coldly.
Later that evening, Skylar checked the trending topics online before leaving the office. She hadn't expected Thelma's scandal to blow up like this.
When the photos first surfaced, she and Janine immediately recognized them as fake. Skylar had taken swift action, bringing in professional investigators to verify their inauthenticity.
She was about to call Charles for an update when her phone buzzed with a message. When she opened it, she found a photo.
The man in the image was unmistakably Joe. But the woman beside him, speaking to him, was unfamiliar—an angelic beauty with stunning, mixed-race features.
###chapter1777
Skylar immediately examined the photo's sender. When she saw that it was Priscilla, she raised an eyebrow.
"Mrs. Martin, I'm not sending you this photo to stir up trouble between you and Mr. Martin. His feelings for you are unrivaled. This photo came from a friend. The woman in it is Beata Stevenson.
"She's just returned from abroad and is working on a project with Mr. Martin. We have a mutual friend who mentioned that Beata likes him and is trying to meet him. I just wanted to warn you to be careful. She's a femme fatale."
Priscilla sent the message while sitting in a café in her hometown. She had struggled to find a job in Jipsburg, and her history with Martin Group was well- known. After that incident, opportunities were scarce.
So, she returned to her hometown to search for work. Frustrated by the lack of progress, she even tried making short videos online. Surprisingly, it helped her regain some peace and purpose.
When she saw her friends discussing Beata in a group chat, she hesitated but ultimately decided to send the photo to Skylar.
Beata was far more cunning than Priscilla herself. She was also a mixed-race beauty, a rarity around Joe. She had the allure that could make any man lose his mind with a glance.
Perhaps there was also a hint of malice in Priscilla's heart. If she couldn't have something, she didn't want anyone else to succeed either.
But there was another reason. Skylar was the type of person who, once close to someone, couldn't bear to see them suffer.
Maybe it was her conscience speaking. After sending that message, Priscilla didn't say anything more. She knew she shouldn't keep bothering Skylar.
Skylar read the message and promptly set her phone aside. She had more pressing matters to attend to. She dialed Charles' number to check on the progress of the case.
"Charles, is everything under control with this mess?"
Charles said, "We've already found the person who faked the photos. Don't worry. This is just a minor issue."
Skylar sighed in relief. "That's good. Just make sure Thelma is protected."
"After everything that's happened, I realize that the unfairness Thelma has faced over the years is far worse than anything I've gone through. After all, I'm a man. Even if someone dislikes me or has maliciouso intentions, they can't do things like this to me. Plus, I'm happy. I've always had my family and all of you supporting me." Charles truly felt for Thelma now. 
After ending the call with Skylar, Charles turned his attention to Clement, who had just rushed back to the studio.
"It's time to release the statement now. The police have already taken Sienna in for questioning," Clement said, smiling.
The way things had escalated, this could have been used to their advantage. If handled properly, Thelma's career could skyrocket, and perhaps he would have another award-winning actress on his hands.
It was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. In addition, after getting to know Thelma better, he realized that she not only had acting talent but also the focus and determination to hone her craft.
Charles nodded. "This matter has to be pursued to the fullest. Sienna must pay the highest price for what she's done."
Clement looked at Charles
protectively. "Don't worry. Even if you said to let her off, I wouldn't. Since she dared to pull something like this, I'll use it to boost Thelma's profile. Plus, Sienna will never be able to work in the entertainment industry again. She'll face the legal consequences for her actions. 
"You can check the online buzz right now-reporters have caught footage of her being taken by the police. I've already leaked some information and now the trending topic is about Sienna faking photos to frame Thelma." 
Charles was pleased with how things were progressing. "That's good. You handle
the rest. I'm leaving now."
As Charles turned to leave, Clement raised an eyebrow and asked, "You're in a hurry to see Thelma, aren't you?"
Charles asked, "What's wrong with that?"
"Nothing at all. Just don't let it affect tomorrow's work," Clement teased.
"Okay."
As Charles left without a second glance, Clement couldn't help but feel a pang of nostalgia.
###chapter1778
Charles finally realized the benefits of having a woman in his life. From now on, he would have more options when it came to choosing roles. This was a good
thing.
Checking the time, Clement quickly got to work, eager to move forward. They had to strike while the iron was hot.
An hour later, Thelma still looked pale in the apartment, disbelief clear on her face.
"It hasn't been easy for her to get where she is today, and she's not the kind of person who loses her sense of reason. How could she think of using such a method to harm me?" Thelma said, still shocked.
"Jealousy can cloud people's judgment," Charles replied. "With the recent variety show airing, you've been in the spotlight.
"Her darker side was exposed, and she probably didn't want you to rise in popularity. Jealous of your success, she tried to sabotage you. But she didn't expect us to blow the lid off this. Now, she's probably regretting it."
Thelma sighed. "She'll likely be blacklisted now, won't she?"
To ruin her career just to harm someone wasn't worth it.
"Of course! Who would work with someone with such a tarnished reputation?"
In the past few years, many celebrities had been blacklisted for various reasons, and none had made a successful comeback in the industry.
Thelma seemed lost in thought.
"Let's not talk about her anymore. What do you want for dinner?" Charles asked.
Thelma shook herself from her
thoughts, stood up, and opened the fridge. "I've got plenty of ingredients here-beef, pork, chicken. I'll cook some dishes. If we go out, we'l definitely be photographed, and no matter what we eat, we won't get any peace." 
"Let's cook together," Charles said, also standing up.
Thelma immediately pushed him back onto the couch.
"I've spent the whole day resting at home while you have been busy handling my matters and shooting commercials. You must be
l.ne
exhausted. My cooking might not be top-notch, but whipping up a few dishes is no problem. You should go watch TV or play a game I'll call you when everything's ready." 
Charles chuckled, his gaze warm. "Feeling sorry for me, huh?"
Thelma's cheeks flushed. "You're my boyfriend. Of course, I should take care of you."
She paused, her expression softening. Deep down, she was well
aware that she was the one
benefiting from their relationshipnet
She couldn't let him bear the burden of everything while she simply enjoyed it without giving anything back. 
At Martin Group, near the entrance, Beata flicked her long curls over her shoulder, scanning the towering office building's main doors. Many employees had already left for the day.
She came today to represent her company in discussions with Joe, and after the meeting, she decided not to leave immediately. Instead, she wandered to a café across the street for a coffee break.
She checked her watch and calculated the perfect time to catch him before walking back to wait.
During their earlier conversation, Beata had noticed something different about Joe's attitude-he had been more receptive, even slightly warmer. This was her chance to build on that.
But the wait stretched on. One by one, employees left, but Joe was nowhere in sight. Beata frowned slightly.
###chapter1779
Beata couldn't wait any longer.
She walked over immediately to ask the security guard about the situation.
The guard, surprised by her question, said, "You want to see Mr. Martin? Why didn't you schedule an appointment with his assistant? Mr. Martin has already left for the day. Our company has an underground parking lot."
Underground parking lot?
Beata froze, her entire body stiffening with a trace of embarrassment on her face.
She had completely overlooked the parking lot and had been standing here foolishly for half an hour.
"I remember seeing you earlier today. Do you still have urgent business with Mr. Martin? If so, you can call his assistant now and set up an appointment for tomorrow," the guard helpfully suggested again.
Beata had lost her motivation. So, she half-heartedly replied, "Alright, I'll contact Mr. Martin's assistant and schedule a time. It was my oversight today."
Then, she walked to the curb and flagged down a cab.
Sitting inside, she stared at the phone number in her contacts. The only number she had was Paul's. She had asked Joe for his direct contact information several times, but he had always refused.
How infuriating! She refused to believe she couldn't conquer this hard-to-crack nut.
Later, she casually searched online for information about Joe's wife, Skylar. Seeing that Skylar was also an extraordinary beauty, her competitive spirit flared up.
Competing for a man with someone equally remarkable gave her an
unprecedented sense of rivalry. If Beata wanted a man, she had to get him no matter what.
A few days later, Aiken met up with Skylar for lunch to discuss some information he found.
They chose a quiet restaurant near the Gardner building. After they sat down, Aiken brought up Thelma's family situation.
"Her parents' deaths back then weren't accidents. It was a premeditated murder. Their factory had some issues, and the factory. director hired someone to silence them to cover up product quality problems and avoid losing his job. 
"My people had some intel on this back then and made certain deals with the factory, which is why it never came to light. As for the gas explosion that injured her
venet
grandmother and brother, it wasn't accidental either-it was his doing." 
Skylar nodded. "If that's the case, this situation is complicated. After all these years, there's probably no evidence left."
Aiken replied, "Her parents might have left a recording. If we can find it, we might be able to help her avenge her parents."
"Alright, I'll talk to them about it later," Skylar said, her expression serious.
After they spoke a little longer, Aiken hesitated before asking Skylar, "I know Wendy sometimes stays in touch with you. Has she mentioned me?"
Skylar gave him a thoughtful look. "You still care about Wendy, don't you?"
"She was with me for years. Over time, I developed feelings for hers The breakup was my fault-I was the one in the wrong," Aiken admitted, his tone heavy. 
These past few days, he had been thinking about Wendy constantly. Gradually, he realized he had never fully acknowledged her importance to him.
He had thought their relationship lacked passion and had turned to Zera in pursuit of it, only to find it utterly meaningless.
###chapter1780
Aiken couldn't help but think of Wendy whenever he was alone.
Skylar sighed. "Her decision to leave Jipsburg means she wants to start anew. We've spoken a few times, but she hasn't mentioned you."
It seemed Wendy had moved on from their relationship. Aiken's face turned slightly pale at Skylar's words. Then, he let out a self-deprecating laugh. "It's better that she didn't mention me," he said.
After all, he knew he had been terrible when it came to relationships.
For the longest time, he had believed Skylar held the most special place in his heart. If Skylar had ever wanted to marry him, he wouldn't have hesitated.
Because of this belief, he had never valued Wendy as much as he should have, thinking of her as just someone he liked.
How laughable. Now that he had lost her, he realized no one could replace her.
Unknowingly, Skylar had become just a friend to him-someone he admired and respected, but not in the way a man liked a woman.
Skylar didn't know how to console Aiken. On one hand, it was hard not to pity Aiken for losing the one he loved. But on the other hand, it was his own choices that led to this.
And now, even though he regretted it and wanted to reconcile with Wendy, her attitude had made it clear-she wanted a clean break. Even if Aiken tried to seek her out, she likely wouldn't look back.
Not everything had a second chance.
Aiken's face turned even paler before he chuckled bitterly again. "Alright, I get it. Don't worry, I won't disturb her. I don't even have the courage to try."
After Charles finished his phone call with Skylar, his expression became very serious, making Thelma tense up beside him.
"My parents' deaths and the gas explosion that injured my grandmother and brother-they weren't accidents, were they?" she asked nervously.
Charles nodded gravely. "That's right. It's been confirmed they weren't accidents. However, the investigator helping us couldn't find solid evidence.
"They believed your parents recorded something back then and left evidence behind. That's why, years later, the killer targeted your grandmother and brother. The person behind it all is the factory director where your parents worked." Cóntent belongs to 
"The factory director?" Thelma's face went pale as memories flooded back.
She recalled that after her parents' car accident, the factory director had visited their home. At the time, she had been too grief-stricken to notice anything unusual about him.
But thinking back now, it seemed like the director had been observing their home carefully, as if searching for something. Could he have been looking for the recordings?
Over the years, the director had occasionally contacted her grandmother. Her grandmother had
even told her how kind the director n seemed, believing her parents had been fortunate to work under him. 
Now she realized there was no kindness—only a murderer hiding in plain sight.
"The explosion destroyed so much in the house. I don't know if we can still find the recordings," Thelma said, panicked.
Charles spoke gently to calm her. "Don't worry. We'll take our time and search. Now that we know the factory director is behind it, we'll definitely find evidence."
Thelma gradually calmed down, her chaotic thoughts clearing. She began to recall her parents' habits of keeping things.
Suddenly, something clicked in her mind. She grabbed Charles's hand tightly.
"After my parents passed, I packed their belongings and stored them in a wardrobe in my brother's room. couldn't bear to throw them away There was a box with some dises, a hard drive, and a few pens. Could one of those pens be a recording pen?" 
Charles' eyes lit up. "Great! Let's head back right now and search for it!"
Tears filled Thelma's eyes as she nodded. "Okay. Charles, I'm so glad I met you."
###chapter1781
Late at night, the sound of a ringing phone startled Skylar and Joe awake.
Still groggy, Skylar reached for the phone. For a moment, she was disoriented.
"Who's calling?" Joe asked, his voice drowsy.
Skylar glanced at the screen and answered, "It's Charles."
The voice on the other end introduced himself. "Is this Ms. Skylar Sullivan? I'm a police officer. There's been a car accident..."
As Skylar listened, her face turned pale. "Are Charles and the woman with him in critical condition?" she asked, her voice trembling.
When it came to her loved ones, she couldn't remain calm.
Joe, now fully awake, rose quickly to grab clothes for them both. He also called Edgar, instructing him to come over immediately.
By the time Joe was done, Skylar had ended the call. Under the lights, Skylar's face was ashen.
"We need to go to the hospital now. They're at the Amberglade Hospital," she said, her voice steadier. "I'll let my mother know."
The car accident had been severe. Both Charles and Thelma were undergoing emergency surgery.
The driver responsible had been apprehended at the scene. Although there were no surveillance cameras at the accident site, a nearby shop's camera had recorded the crash.
The news of Charles' accident shocked everyone in the family. Janine, along with Steven and others, rushed to the hospital in a panic. Harvey, who was vacationing abroad, began arranging for a flight back.
By the time Skylar arrived at the hospital, Janine and Steven had also just arrived.
Janine, eyes red from crying, leaned weakly against Ted. "How could this happen? What did the police say? And what did the doctors say?"
Steven stared at the operating room, his expression heavy.
Skylar shook her head. "The police are still investigating. The driver has been caught, but Charles' and
Thelma's conditions remain unclear. They're both still in surgery, and the doctors said they're in critical condition." 
Hearing this, Janine's vision darkened. If not for Ted supporting her, she might have fainted.
"They'll be fine," Ted said gently, trying to comfort her.
Janine nodded, murmuring to herself as if to reassure herself, "Yes, they'll be fine. They must be fine."
Steven's expression was grim. After glancing at Janine and Skylar,
Sa going to contact t
to see if I can get more in
They were driving at night, and there were not many cars on the road. How could such a serious accident happen? He had heard that Charles' car was almost completely O deformed, with all airbags deployed. 
It felt deliberate, as if the other driver had been engaging in reckless driving on purpose.
"I'll go with you," Joe said.
Steven nodded. "Alright."
The two men left while Skylar stayed behind with Janine. At this point, all they could do was wait and hope for good news.
Both victims had already been through so much hardship, and now, this accident
-it felt as though fate was playing a cruel joke.
"They must be okay. They must," Janine muttered, trembling slightly.
Charles had endured many hardships growing up. Even after entering the workforce, things hadn't been smooth for him.
Now, he had finally found someone he loved and was about to get married and settle down. How could such a severe accident happen now?
###chapter1782
And that poor woman, Thelma, had already suffered so much.
Ted comforted Janine gently. "The doctors are performing the surgery now, and the medical team here is highly skilled. Trust me, Charles will be fine."
"Yes, Mom," Skylar chimed in, trying to reassure her mother. "Charles is tough. He's going to be okay and turn this calamity into a blessing."
Although Skylar was deeply worried, a voice inside her kept insisting that Charles would be okay, that his life was not in danger.
Janine understood they were trying to console her, and in her heart, she prayed for the same outcome they spoke of.
Thankfully, after about half an hour, Thelma was the first to be wheeled out of the operating room.
The doctor explained that her injuries weren't too severe-she had fractures in her arm and leg, some minor injuries, and a concussion, but with time to recover, she would heal fully.
Another half-hour later, Charles was also brought out of surgery.
His injuries were more serious, including multiple fractures and facial wounds, though fortunately, his internal organs were unharmed. The facial injuries were mostly on the left side of his face.
Upon hearing that Charles' life wasn't in danger, everyone breathed a sigh of relief. They stayed at the hospital, keeping watch until the two woke up.
Around two hours later, Joe and Steven returned.
Steven stood by Charles' bed, his expression grim. For the first time, he wondered if they should discourage Charles from being with Thelma-she seemed to bring too many troubles and misfortunes into his life.
"How did it go? Did the police find out anything?" Janine asked anxiously.
"They're still investigating. The driver was drunk," Steven replied.
Hearing this, Janine was furious. "Why do people still drink and drive? How could
they put other people's lives at risk because of their own issues?"
"He will face legal consequences," Steven said firmly.
The perpetrator wouldn't escape justice.
Vol
accide how was it that this
occurred right after Charles and Thelma discovered the truth about the deaths of her parents? 
Steven exchanged a meaningful glance with Joe.
Joe gestured for Skylar to step outside. She caught his look and followed him to the corridor outside the hospital room.
Skylar's face showed traces of exhaustion, but her eyes were filled with worry. "Is there something else going on?"
"I think this car accident isn't as simple as it seems," Joe said gravely.
"The police haven't disclosed much yet, saying it's still under investigation. But when Steven and visited the scene, we noticed a few things. No surveillance cameras directly covered the area, and the road was wide and well-lit with proper traffic signals. 
"If it weren't for the shop's camera nearby, the driver might have gotten away. The car he used was a scrapped vehicle."
Skylar took a deep breath. It was 4:00 am, and the sky was still dark, but the news she was hearing weighed heavily on her.
"If this wasn't an accident, then it must have been the factory director I mentioned.
He must have hired someone to do this," she said coldly.
Joe was silent for a moment before
Veine
responding, "I'll find someone to investigate further. He needs to know that he messed with the wrong people this time." 
"Alright," Skylar agreed.
At the same time, in a three-story villa, a middle-aged man in his 50s named Seth
Zaleski was pacing back and forth.
He was supposed to be sleeping, but he couldn't rest at all.
The person he had hired assured him that the job was done. But to his shock,
there was someone else in the car-Charles Sullivan, a celebrity.
###chapter1783
Hearing that someone else had been involved, Seth was terrified-especially since that someone was a celebrity.
He knew Thelma had become Charles' girlfriend but hadn't expected the two to be traveling together.
Out of fear that the truth might come to light someday and become uncontrollable, Seth had gone to great lengths to find the recording and eliminate the Johnston family entirely.
But now, when he tried to call the person he had hired, he couldn't get through.
Weren't they using a scrapped car? And wasn't the accident staged on a road without surveillance cameras? How could the police have found anything?
A sense of foreboding crept over him. This incident might not end well after all. Unconsciously, sweat formed on his forehead.
"Dad, why aren't you sleeping?"
His daughter, Luna Zaleski, came downstairs and saw Seth pacing and smoking, looking troubled. So, she immediately asked.
Seth, who cared deeply for his family, turned to her and said, "It's nothing. I just couldn't sleep and came down for a smoke. It's only 4:00 am. You should go back to bed."
"Okay, I'll just get some water and go back to bed. Dad, take care of your health," she said.
Seth smiled and nodded. "Alright, alright. Don't worry about me. I'm doing fine."
After Luna had her water and went back upstairs, Seth's expression darkened again.
"This must not spiral out of control! The dead should just stay dead. These days, car accidents happen all the time, and several celebrities have died in them too. So even if Charles is famous, a car accident is still a car accident. If he died, that's his fate!"
Shortly after dawn, Skylar asked Ted to take Janine to the hospital cafeteria for breakfast. She stayed behind to watch over Charles and Thelma. Their hospital rooms were next to each other.
dtet
After Janine and Ted left, Skylar said to Joe, "You should go home and rest. There's so much going on at the company, and Charles' condition is stable now. I can manage here on my own. Steven will be coming by later, too." 
Joe, who indeed had a lot of work, nodded. "Alright, call me if anything happens."
Mona arrived not long after Joe left.
"How's Charles?" Mona asked.
Skylar shook her head. "Still
unconscious. The doctor said we'll need to monitor him when he wakes up. He has multiple fractures and might not be able to get out of bed for at least a month." 
Mona frowned, her face full of concern. "I heard your brother say the driver was
drunk. It's so infuriating how reckless people can be!"
"The exact circumstances are still under investigation, but the driver's family
hasn't shown up yet," Skylar said.
Mona pursed her lips. "I think the police should have notified his family, but if his family didn't come to the hospital, that would truly be a moral issue."
Skylar nodded in agreement. If the roles were reversed and her family had hurt someone, she would definitely do everything possible to make amends and check on the injured person-not remain silent like this. s?novel
"You stayed here all night. Go home and get some rest. I'll let you know when Charles wakes up," Mona said, noticing the dark circles under Skylar's eyes.
Skylar smiled. "I'm not too tired, and I'm not really sleepy either. I'll wait a bit longer-maybe he'll wake up soon."
About two hours later, Thelma was the first to gain consciousness.
When she opened her eyes, her head felt heavy, and she was nauseous. She looked around the hospital room for a while before gaining her senses.
It also took her a moment to remember what had happened before she lost consciousness.
The car accident!
###chapter1784
That car suddenly ran the red light!
"Charles... Charles..."
At that moment, Skylar pushed the door open and walked in. Hearing Thelma weakly calling Charles' name, she immediately approached and said gently, "Charles is fine too. How are you feeling right now?"
Thelma's eyes were red, filled with anxiety. "Is Charles badly hurt?"
"You both sustained similar injuries. Charles hasn't woken up yet, but don't worry. Do you feel any discomfort right now?" Skylar asked softly.
Thelma, still worried about Charles, recalled how Charles had instinctively grabbed her hand to protect her during the car accident. She shook her head weakly. "I'm fine, just a bit dizzy."
Seeing Skylar's calm demeanor, Thelma felt somewhat reassured that Charles must be okay.
"Don't get too worked up. I'll get the doctor to check on you. The doctor mentioned you might feel dizzy or nauseous because of the concussion, so try to stay calm," Skylar advised.
Thelma nodded softly and closed her eyes, still weak. She wasn't worried about herself. All she cared about was whether Charles was seriously hurt.
If it weren't for her eagerness to return home to retrieve the voice recorder, they might not have encountered the accident. She blamed herself for involving Charles.
Since meeting her, Charles had been dragged into trouble multiple times.
A few minutes later, Skylar returned with a doctor.
The doctor performed a simple checkup, confirmed Thelma's condition, and asked her a few questions, to which she responded coherently. Once reassured, the doctor left.
"When Charles wakes up, can you let me video call him?" Thelma asked
anxiously, desperate to know how Charles was doing. She was terrified something might happen to him.
She would rather have been the one to die in the car accident than have Charles lose his life because of her.
Skylar could see how deeply Thelma blamed herself and worried for Charles Sitting down beside her Skylar said, "I'll tell him as soon as he wakes up. I'm sure he's just as worried about you as you are about him. 
"Thelma, the car accident wasn't something you wanted to happen. Please don't blame yourself."
Tears filled Thelma's eyes as she looked at Skylar. "You... You don't blame me? I've caused so much trouble for Charles."
"Of course not. You're the person Charles chose. Since he decided to be with you, he's ready to face all life's ups and downs together with you," Skylar replied.
Tears streamed down Thelma's face. "Charles is the best person I've ever met, and so are all of you."
up
Over an hour later, Charles woke too. Like Thelma, the first thing he did upon waking was to ask about her condition. He finally relaxed after being assured that she was okay. 
Neither of them was able to get out of bed yet.
When Thelma saw the bandages on Charles' face, she couldn't stop worrying. "Your face..."
Charles was nonchalant. "It's nothing serious. If there's a scar, I'll just get some cosmetic treatment. Medical technology is advanced now, so it might not even leave a scar."
"I'm sorry for dragging you into this. The drama we were shooting, your work..." Thelma started crying.
Seeing her tears, Charles felt heartbroken. This car accident wasn't something we could control it was an accident! Don't worry about me. Skylar had told Clement our situation. Clement will handle everything. Relax." 
Hearing his reassurances, Thelma felt relieved. "That's good to know."
"I have something I want to tell you," Charles suddenly said, his expression turning serious.
###chapter1785
Thelma noticed Charles' sudden seriousness and realized what he was about to say must be important.
She nodded immediately. "Go ahead."
"Don't worry about me anymore. Just trust the doctors and focus on getting better," Charles said earnestly. He was genuinely afraid that she would overthink and blame herself. Didn't she realize she was the most innocent victim in this whole situation?
Thelma's eyes reddened at his words. "Charles... I..."
"Don't be afraid. From now on, I'll always be here for you," Charles promised in a deep voice.
Thelma choked up, unable to speak, and could only nod repeatedly.
They talked for a while longer, but both were visibly tired and reluctantly ended their conversation.
...
After a few days of investigation, the police finally provided a conclusion.
The perpetrator was a 40-year-old man with no relatives or prior criminal record. However, because he had used a scrapped vehicle and fled the scene, police surveillance determined the act was deliberate.
Initially, the perpetrator cunningly claimed he hated Charles, was an anti-fan, and had long wanted to run him over. But this excuse didn't hold for long.
After Charles' hospitalization news spread, concerned citizens began providing various tips. It was uncovered that the perpetrator had been stalking Thelma and had stolen the scrapped vehicle.
From there, the case snowballed until it pointed toward Seth Zaleski.
Seth, upon seeing how the situation was escalating, couldn't sleep for two days.
At this rate, the police would likely come knocking soon. If that
478
happened, all his years of hard work would go to waste! Not only that his family would suffer Thinking about it made his head feel like it was going to explode 
"Dad! Is what they're saying online true? They're accusing you of hiring a hitman
back then and now trying to kill Charles and Thelma!"
Luna burst into the house, visibly distressed. As soon as she arrived, she started
bombarding the pale and exhausted Seth with questions.
Seth was stunned. "What are you talking about?"
"Dad! Are you really the kind of person they're describing online? A lot of people are exposing you! Luna cried Her friends had started asking her, and she had been in the dark. 
How could this be possible? Her dad wasn't the kind of person who would hire a
hitman, let alone target celebrities.
What was more was that she was
Charles' fan. She'd seen all his movies and even participated in events. And now she was being told her father was the one who tried to hurt Charles? 
Seth was completely shocked. "It's online?" he asked, his voice trembling.
Luna nodded tearfully. "Yes, everyone online is saying this. Dad, please tell me they're all lying, that someone is framing you out of jealousy."
But why would anyone, even out of jealousy, go so far as to destroy someone like this?
Seth immediately grabbed his phone before scrolling through the various allegations with trembling fingers.
Sure enough, someone had posted his information under Charles' and Thelma's social media accounts, tagging the police in multiple posts.
Luna stood frozen, staring at him in disbelief as her face turned pale.
"Dad... are the things they're saying online... true?" she asked, her voice shaking.
###chapter1786
Seth had always been a hero in his daughter's heart. If the rumors online turned out to be true that he actually hired someone to commit murder, he truly was a
bad person.
Seth was completely numb, without a shred of thought left.
At that moment, the sound of the police knocking on the door rang out.
Luna wiped her tears and went to open the door.
When she opened it and saw several police officers standing there, both father and daughter were stunned.
...
One month later, the police had thoroughly investigated the case involving Thelma's parents.
Whether it was the death of her parents, her grandmother's and younger brother's injuries, or even the car accident a month earlier, all of it was orchestrated by Seth.
Furthermore, the police had uncovered the recording Seth had tried to bury years ago about the quality issues with his product.
With the help of numerous tips from concerned citizens, the chain of evidence was gradually completed.
Under the pressure of multiple interrogations, the driver in the car accident finally broke down mentally and confessed everything.
The internet erupted in shock.
Thelma, who previously had little online following, experienced a meteoric rise in popularity, gaining about a million new followers daily.
People sympathized deeply with her plight.
Additionally, stories about the unfair treatment she had endured in the
entertainment industry over the years also came to light.
These new fans quickly became loyal supporters, proclaiming that Thelma deserved far better.
At the same time, Charles' popularity also soared. Despite his facial injury, it did nothing to diminish his handsomeness and charm.
The doctors assured him that any scars left behind would be minimal or nearly invisible with proper care.
Everything seemed to be moving in a positive direction.
Enet
Both Charles and Thelma were recovering from fractures and would need two to three more months before resuming work. However, their relationship remained steady, and they had already planned to marry the following year. 
Meanwhile, Thelma's grandmother and younger brother had undergone surgery and were recovering well.
During this period, Skylar was extremely busy. Charles' car accident had disrupted their original summer vacation plans to travel with Mona and the others.
And the summer just flew by.
During those times, Natalie had been frequently picking up Vivian to spend time at her house. Her three children loved playing with Vivian.
Vivian had become quite popular among the neighborhood kids as well.
One evening, Skylar finished work and went to Natalie's house.
In the living room, the once aloof and unapproachable superstar, Austin Powell, was surrounded by children. He was playing the role of their leader in a game while the other four kids took on their O respective roles, laughing and having a great time. 
"Vivian is such a bright child! She learns everything so quickly. And now, she can even tell the authenticity of antiques! It's incredible for someone so young!" Natalie said in disbelief.
At the mention of authenticating antiques, a flicker of concern crossed Skylar's eyes, though she quickly changed the subject.
"It'll be Vivian's birthday in a few days. I've invited my family. Do you have time to join us?"
"Of course! If my three kids hear it's Vivian's birthday, they won't let me rest until we go!" Natalie agreed without even checking her schedule.
Skylar turned to Austin and smiled. "Mr. Powell seems to really enjoy spending time with children."
"Every day has been wonderful. Compared to our life in Fachington, we're much more relaxed and happy here.
"He gets to review scripts in his free time and pick projects he likes, while I check on her stores. Honestly, life like this is too comfortable," Natalie remarked, her tone full of O contentment. 
Skylar nodded with a smile. "It really is."
"Mom, can we go home now? Granny said I should be at home now," Vivian
suddenly ran over to Skylar and asked.
###chapter1787
"What? What granny?" Natalie froze in confusion.
Their family did employ a helper, but she was only in her 40s. Occasionally, her parents would come by to lend a hand. But there shouldn't be any granny.
Skylar understood immediately-it was Viola who had come to Vivian. A heavy feeling settled in her heart. She glanced at Natalie, whose face was filled with bewilderment, and said softly, "I'll explain it to you later. I need to take Vivian home now."
"Oh, okay. I'll see you off," Natalie said. Noticing Skylar's suddenly serious expression, she sensed something might be going on.
Then, she cast a worried look at Vivian.
A few minutes later, she returned to the house.
Austin, puzzled, asked, "Why did they leave so suddenly?"
"Vivian said an old lady told her to go home. Skylar looked quite serious just now I think something might be up," Natalie said, feeling a vague unease. It was as
if something involving Skylar might happen in the future.
She couldn't tell if this feeling came from reality or the novels she had been reading online. Lately, she'd even been having chaotic dreams unrelated to anything that had happened in real life.
Sometimes, she dreamed of Skylar getting into a car accident and being mistreated by her biological parents and brothers. She even dreamed of the shock and pain she felt upon hearing the news. The emotions were so intense that they felt as real as reality.
The pain was unbearable. But of course, she knew it was just a dream.
"With Joe around, they can handle anything that comes their way. And Skylar is very capable herself-don't worry," Austin said as he came over to comfort Natalie, whose sudden nervousness was evident.
Natalie smiled. "That's true. There's no need to worry for now. Skylar and Joe have seen their fair share of storms, after all."
On the way home, Skylar drove while Vivian sat in the child seat in the back.
"Did the old lady say anything else besides telling you to go home?" Skylar asked.
Vivian shook her head. "No, she just said I should go home."
Skylar didn't ask further.
When they arrived at the Galaxy Villa, everything seemed fine.
Joe had already gotten home early.
The next morning, as Skylar checked the news, she finally understood why Viola had urged Vivian to go home.
The road they had taken the previous night had experienced a chain car accident an hour after they passed through.
The timing was clear-if she and Vivian had stayed for another hour as planned, they would have been caught in the accident.
Viola had saved them, helping them avoid the disaster.
When Joe noticed her pale expression, he asked, "What's wrong? Are you feeling unwell?"
"Take a look at this news," Skylar said, handing him her phone.
Joe read the article carefully.
Afterward, he connected the dots.
you
"So, Grandma Viola telling Viviane go home yesterday was to avoid this car accident?" 
"That seems to be the case," Skylar replied.
But instead of feeling relief or gratitude for their narrow escape, Skylar felt an oppressive weight. It seemed as though Vivian's destiny was no longer entirely in the control. 
Just as she had suspected before, her own rebirth was a defiance of
fate. Man's arrival was also a challenge to destiny. Because of that, Vivian's future... 
At that thought, it felt as if an invisible hand gripped her chest tightly.
###chapter1788
For a moment, Skylar's breathing felt strained. Joe's expression also turned slightly
serious.
"We need to cherish our time with Vivian-our time together as a family of three," Skylar said after some contemplation.
Joe hugged Skylar tightly. "Alright."
For the past two months or so, Charles and Thelma had been trending almost daily. Any minor development about the two of them seemed to make it onto the trending list.
Moreover, dramas the two had filmed earlier were now airing, even ones where Thelma had only a minor role.
They also appeared on variety shows that aired weekly, maintaining their popularity consistently.
As a result, others in the entertainment industry were overshadowed. However, there was one exception-Zera.
Zera trended, but for all the wrong reasons. A series of headlines emerged about her.
"Zera and Aiken broke up."
"Zera loses her leading role."
"Zera's new drama flops."
Without exception, these reports pointed to one thing-Zera's fallout with Aiken.
Soon, investors and directors who had previously backed Zera because of Aiken began pulling out.
This sudden surge of negative news was likely orchestrated by someone who had long resented Zera. With insider information, they leveraged a team to target her reputation.
At this moment, Zera was sitting in a car on her way to look for Aiken. She wore sunglasses, hoping to hide her tear-streaked eyes from the driver.
Meanwhile, she was on the phone with her manager.
"The news is nonsense," Zera insisted.
Her manager replied, "It's not just nonsense anymore. I've already received several calls from
companies wanting to terminatenet
contracts. Even the projects Aiken had lined up for you are pulling their investments. Those roles are no longer yours." Content bétongs to 
Although Zera's sunglasses covered her eyes, her pale face and tightly bitten lips betrayed her emotions.
"They're all kicking me while I'm down! But I'll make them regret it. Aiken and I are just having a minor argument. Once we make up, everything will be fine again."
"Tell me the truth. Is that really the case? There's nothing going on between you two?" The manager sounded skeptical, wanting to confirm.
Beneath her sunglasses, Zera's eyes flickered, but she responded evasively, "Of course, there's nothing."
"Good. I'll do my best to stall these people for now, but you need to make up with Aiken as soon as possible. Why are you even throwing a tantrum? Do you really want Aiken to dump you and return to your old life? s?novel
"You used to have no decent opportunities, and you could end up stuck doing low-
budget web dramas. Think carefully about this," the manager warned.
The mention of web dramas struck
fear into Zera. She thought of her former colleagues at her old agency. Some, unable to find better
opportunities, had indeed ended up shooting web dramas. The thought terrified her. 
She glanced at her call log on her phone.
She had made over ten calls since yesterday morning. Despite calling and texting,
Aiken hadn't responded once. His decision to break up seemed final.
Earlier, when she tried to see him at his office, she was told outright that they had broken up.
Now, she was rushing to his house.
Everything had been fine between them over the past few months. Thinking back
on the last month, though, she realized Aiken had indeed grown colder toward
her.
Panic set in. Maybe Aiken was truly tired of her. But it had only been a few months!
Wendy had been with him for years, and no matter how, she was far more appealing to men than Wendy, wasn't she?
Could it be that Wendy had returned?
###chapter1789
No, that wasn't right.
Even if Wendy came back, Aiken didn't have feelings for her anymore. There was no way he would go back to being with her.
Had Aiken fallen for someone else? Realizing this possibility, Zera's face turned pale.
The driver up front didn't dare glance at her, sensing the heavy mood filling the
car.
It wasn't until they arrived in front of Aiken's house that Zera finally took off her sunglasses.
However, anyone with eyes could see that Zera's eyes were extremely red, as if she hadn't slept well in days-or had been crying recently.
As a beautiful woman, even with red-rimmed eyes and a pale, cold face, she exuded a fragile allure that could stir anyone's heart.
It was at this moment that Simona coincidentally returned and happened to witness the scene.
Although she didn't like Zera at all, she had to admit that Zera was fairly attractive. After all, one couldn't survive in the entertainment industry without decent looks.
"What are you doing here again?" Simona asked.
Last time, she had made it very clear that if Zera wanted to see her brother, she shouldn't come here.
Zera hadn't expected her luck to be so bad, running into Simona the moment she arrived.
She believed that Simona was partly to blame for their breakup. Simona had always supported Wendy and probably spoke ill of her in front of Aiken. Over time, Aiken must have started seeing her negatively.
She had been prepared to marry Aiken, but his sudden announcement of a breakup completely disrupted her plans.
Taking a deep breath, she softened her tone and said with a hint of vulnerability, "I know you've probably seen the trending topics and are aware that there's been some tension between your brother and me. But there's no need for us to be so hostile. I just want to see him and ask a few questions."
Simona raised an eyebrow at the mention of trending topics. "Do you think I'm as idle as you? I don't have time to browse through that nonsense."
Especially not entertainment gossip-she simply didn't have the time.
Zera was momentarily stunned. "You don't know?"
Simona, losing patience, said, "My brother's not home. He's out of the country."
"What? Out of the country? Why would he go abroad? Did he say when he'd be back?" Zera panicked completely.
She urgently needed to resolve her
situa and without seeing Aiken,
she couldn't fix anything. He wasn't answering any of her calls on messages. 
Simona rolled her eyes. "How would I know when he's coming back?"
Suddenly, she realized something. "Did my brother break up with you?"
Otherwise, why would Zera be acting so frantic? It was easy to guess that they might have split.
Simona had to admit that she was impressed that Zera had lasted this long by her brother's side.
Hearing the words "break up," Zera's face turned even paler. "We didn't break up. We just... had a little fight."
"That might fool someone else, but not me—and certainly not yourself. I know my brother. If he's told you it's over and hasn't shared his
whereabouts, it means you're nothing to him anymore. 
"If I were you, I'd stop clinging onto him before it gets even more embarrassing. You'll end up with nothing when the time comes." Simona's tone softened slightly but remained blunt. 
Zera was stunned by her words. "Nothing to him? How could I be nothing? He loved me so much, spoiled me, gave me so many resources..."
"Resources? Those are nothing to him. As long as you made him happy, he was willing to give you whatever material things you wanted.
"He's never lacked people like you in his life-I've lost count of how many there have been. But few are as clingy and unwilling to let go as you.
"You've already gotten plenty out of him. Take what you've gained and move on," Simona said coldly before turning and heading inside.
###chapter1790
Zera stood frozen in place, her face growing increasingly pale.
Panic filled her eyes.
Was that a real breakup? He truly didn't want her anymore?
From the moment she started dating Aiken, she had never considered the possibility of being abandoned.
She had been so confident in herself, always believing she was Aiken's one and only—the most unique and irreplaceable presence in his life.
But now...
Simona's words had shattered her illusions, forcing her to confront the harsh reality before her. She would no longer have someone backing her. She would no longer be able to get whatever she wanted.
She...
Meanwhile, back in the villa, Simona stood by the second-floor window, looking toward the gate. She saw Zera still standing there, dazed and lost, and her lips twitched in mild irritation.
Glancing at the time, she decided to call her brother.
The phone rang only a few times before he answered.
"Aiken, did you not make yourself clear with Zera? She came to the house looking
for you and is still standing at the door. She looks pretty pitiful.
"I thought this time you were serious about settling down and getting married. Otherwise, you wouldn't have left Wendy behind."
Simona knew she shouldn't have brought up that last part, but it had always been a sore spot for her.
Aiken responded coldly, "Is this why you're calling me?"
Rolling her eyes, Simona replied,
"Yes, that's exactly why. You need to set things straight with Zera. I don't want to come home and see her loitering at the door anymore. Also, are you out of the country to see Wendy this time?" 
She knew this trip wasn't for business. If it wasn't business, it must be personal.
"Take care of yourself. I'll handle my own affairs," Aiken said before abruptly hanging up, leaving Simona no chance to reply.
She curled her lips into a wry smile. "Goodbye, then."
...
Zera remained rooted to the spot by the gate for a long time. If her phone didn't ring, she might have stayed lost in despair indefinitely.
Seeing Aiken's name on the caller ID, her eyes reddened even more. With trembling hands, she answered the call.
"Aiken... you finally contacted me. I... You said you wanted to break up. I don't believe it. Our relationship was so stable. You loved me, pampered me—how could you possibly want to break up?"
Her voice quivered with unease, her heart pounding with fear. Without Aiken, what would she do?
But Aiken's next words crushed her final glimmer of hope.
"I am breaking up with you. Let's part ways amicably. But if you call me again or show up in front of me, believe me, you don't want to know the consequences of making me angry." His tone was icy cold. 
Zera was horrified. She opened her mouth to plead with him, but an inner voice told her that nothing she said would matter. Instead, it might only provoke his anger further, and the consequences of making Aiken angry were beyond anything she could bear. 
"I... I understand," she said, her voice barely audible, as if summoning every
ounce of strength just to utter those words.
The moment she hung up, her legs gave out, and she nearly fainted.
It wasn't hard to imagine what lay ahead for her. Without the company's support,
she would sink back to being a forgotten actress.
###chapter1791
On the 30th floor of a towering skyscraper, Aiken stood before the floor-to-ceiling windows, gazing out at the dense cluster of high-rises. His presence exuded a cold and imposing vibe.
He had just finished a call with Wendy when he received Simona's phone call.
Wendy's attitude was indifferent, drawing a clear line between them, even firmly stating her unwillingness to see him again.
Wendy had said, "We've been entangled for so many years. I'm grateful to you for saving me from a dire situation back then. You were my benefactor and once my lover.
"But that doesn't change the fact that you betrayed our relationship. I don't want us to be left with nothing but suspicion toward each other in the future—it would make things unbearably awkward for both of us.
"Aiken, it's truly over between us. From now on... please don't call me or try to contact me anymore."
Her words were filled with closure, casting a stark contrast against his reluctance to let go. She even refused when he offered to marry her.
At that moment, Aiken suddenly understood that once some people were lost, there was no chance of getting them back.
Unfortunately, by the time he realized Wendy's importance, it was too late. He no longer had any opportunity to be with her again.
Three months had passed since.
It was a rare moment for Skylar to have time to visit the mall with Natalie.
Today, they planned to browse a children's clothing store and pick up some clothes for their kids.
"Our eldest has been growing so fast this year-some clothes only fit for a month before they're too small, and the same goes for shoes.
"Honestly, time flies. Here we are, almost 40, and the kids are growing up so
quickly," Natalie remarked while sifting through outfits.
Time really did seem to slip away in the blink of an eye.
Skylar felt a bit nostalgic as well. "In my heart, you will forever be 18."
"And you'll always be 17 to me-hahaha!" Natalie burst into laughter.
No matter how close they were to 40, in each other's eyes, they were still those carefree, youthful girls.
"I haven't had a smoothie in ages-let's get some!" Natalie said, spotting a young girl holding a cup of smoothie while strolling with friends.
It made her suddenly crave it, even though she'd been sticking to a healthy lifestyle for the past couple of years.
"Sure, let's take a break and rest for a while," Skylar agreed, feeling a bit tired after their shopping spree. They had already arranged for the stores to deliver their purchases to their homes. 
They chose a well-known chain that they used to frequent back in their school days.
But after all these years, having tried countless delicacies and varieties of smoothies, the drink no longer tasted as good as it once did.
After just a few sips, they both lost interest.
"Doesn't it seem less delicious now?" Natalie noticed Skylar putting her cup down quickly, just as she had.
Skylar nodded. "Maybe what we're really savoring is the memory."
The two chatted idly, occasionally
glancing at the people passing bet
outside the shop. The mall was busting with people-it was the weekend, after all. fo 
"What do you feel like eating for lunch?" Natalie asked.
Skylar glanced up toward the sixth floor, where the mall's dining area was located, offering a variety of cuisines. "Nothing in particular. Let's go up and see, or do you have any good suggestions?" 
"Not really. I'm not very hungry," Natalie replied, shaking her head.
After returning to the country, she had gone through a phase of loving stew and ate it frequently. But after a while, she lost her craving for it.
Lately, her meals had been light, and she didn't feel like having anything heavy or spicy.
20 minutes later, they arrived on the sixth floor, which was also packed with people.
In the end, they decided to have ravioli.
###chapter1792
On the sixth floor, there was only one ravioli restaurant, and it wasn't crowded.
Across from it was a trendy restaurant that had recently gone viral. Despite its high prices, it was bustling with people, many drawn to its social-media-friendly aesthetics.
After sitting down, Natalie glanced at the restaurant and commented, "I've never thought Wiscadian food was that good. I don't get why so many people flock there."
"Raviolis are still the best," Skylar said with a smile.
"I agree." Natalie laughed, but her expression froze mid-chuckle. She fell silent for
a few moments, which made Skylar curious.
Following Natalie's gaze, Skylar asked, "What's wrong?"
"Isn't that Annie? If I'm not mistaken, she's really famous now," Natalie said, gesturing toward a spot ahead and to the left.
It had been years since she'd seen Annie, and they hadn't kept in touch. She hadn't expected to run into her at the mall today.
Skylar was also surprised to see Annie.
Though they had all been living in Jipsburg for years, they rarely crossed paths. A few years back, Annie had been a popular influencer with high sales in her live- streamed product promotions.
Recently, her streaming activity had decreased, reportedly due to health issues caused by years of intense work.
"She's lost quite a bit of weight," Skylar noted.
Natalie nodded. "If I weren't paying attention, I wouldn't have recognized her. She really looks so much thinner."
Annie had entered another restaurant. A few fans had already recognized her and greeted her warmly. Annie responded to them with patience and friendliness.
She was dining with a man who seemed familiar.
"I've seen this guy in her videos while scrolling through social media. I think he's her boyfriend, who apparently started as her assistant," Natalie shared, spilling some gossip.
If her family hadn't faced hardships back then, Annie might have remained a TV program host instead of becoming an influencer. Her life would likely have been very different.
Now, her entire family relied on her for support, which was reportedly a source of frustration for her. Some fans even compared her family to vampires, draining her.
Skylar was already aware of much of what Natalie was saying-social media made it easy to keep up with such news.
"Her assistant?" Skylar said in mild surprise.
"Yeah. Her fans believed their love for each other was true love since they've weathered hardships together.
"But honestly, don't like the way her assistant looks at her in the videos. It doesn't seem like the gaze of
judging by appearances or letting first impressions cloud my view," Natalie said. 
someone in love. Maybe I'm just net
Sometimes, people simply just didn't vibe with each other. A single glance could
create a sense of incompatibility, making further interaction undesirable.
Skylar was intrigued by Natalie's remarks and glanced at Annie's assistant.
The assistant was young, probably under 30 So, their relationship appeared to be of a May-December dynamic, but Annie's excellent self-care and physique minimized the visible age gap. 
From a distance, the two seemed to be chatting while eating. Their expressions and conversation weren't discernible from afar.
Just then, Annie looked over toward Skylar and Natalie's direction. Her glance appeared casual and unintended. And it seemed she didn't expect to see Skylar.
Skylar smiled and nodded briefly before returning to her meal with Natalie.
However, Annie's expression faltered after spotting Skylar. Her face suddenly became pale and uneasy.
Her assistant across from her
noticed and asked, "What are you looking at? Just make a decision
already! It's just a two-day live
stream, and you'd earn tens of
millions in those two days. 
###chapter1793
Annie snapped back to reality and replied with little enthusiasm, "This brand had quality issues before. If I take this job, my career might end right here."
Over the years, she had been through a lot. The live streaming industry was a mixed bag with all sorts of complications. A single misstep could undo all her hard work.
Recently, she had been feeling mentally and physically tired and had started
longing for a stable life. She even considered finding someone she could trust and marry.
Not long ago, she had run into Steven with his wife and their two children. The happiness radiating from their family of four was palpable, and it was clear to anyone watching that Steven deeply loved his wife.
Their children were adorable and well-behaved, and the joyful smile on his wife's face had lingered in Annie's mind for a long time.
For a fleeting moment, she imagined herself in his wife's place. Perhaps, that was her last remaining regret over the years.
Seeing Skylar now brought Steven back to her thoughts, dampening her affection for her young boyfriend, someone she had relied on heavily in the past two years.
Her boyfriend cum assistant, Errol Greer, frowned, clearly displeased. "Most brands on the market have had issues at some point. You're just overreacting.
"Besides, they've learned their lesson and will be extra cautious moving forward. We don't have to outright reject them, do we? They're hoping to use your influence to elevate their brand and regain public trust."
"It's not that simple," Annie replied coldly. "Drop it. Tell them we might work together in the future, but I need to rest for a while. I've been feeling unwell."
"I've already told them you'd agree! If I go back now and say no, they'll think I'm unreliable. I don't even know how to explain this to them," Errol said, his frustration evident.
Annie suddenly fixed her gaze on him, her eyes sharp.
"What are you looking at me like that for?" Errol asked, uncomfortable under her scrutiny.
"How much did they pay you?" she asked, her tone icy.
Errol's eyes flickered with guilt. "What are you talking about? Why would take money from them? Don't + know better? I'm your boyfriend, and I just want you to earn more." 
Annie's expression turned colder as she took a sip of tea, her head lowered. "How long have we been together?"
"A year," Errol answered, confused as to why she'd bring that up now. This wasn't the time for romantic talk-it was a discussion about work.
No wonder some team members had privately gossiped that Annie had lost her drive as she got older, turning down so many job offers she might regret it later.
They had also complained about reduced bonuses due to a lack of work in the past two months.
Errol genuinely believed he was acting in the team's best interests. To him, Annie was simply indulging in leisure at the peak of her earning potential.
If someone else's popularity surged in the meantime, she might lose her place in the industry altogether.
"It's been a year. Time really flies," Annie said, suddenly feeling disinterested in the relationship.
It was true that people who weren't on the same wavelength couldn't connect emotionally, no matter how physically close they were. Over time, the relationship just felt pointless. 
She thought that if she hadn't seen Skylar today, she might have continued this relationship, citing her boyfriend's good looks and pleasing physical presence.
But now, she found it all meaningless for reasons she couldn't fully explain.
"Yes, time really does fly. Please listen to me this time, okay? Just take the job: Once it's done, I'll book us a vacation and make sure you're well-rested. Does that sound good?" Errot pleaded, his mind fixated on the deal. 
Unbeknownst to her, Errol had indeed accepted a significant payment from the
brand. To him, it felt justified.
###chapter1794
Errol was never one to shy away from risks. Being with Annie, who was ten years his senior, didn't bother him in the slightest.
After all, Annie took great care of herself and maintained a fantastic figure. Despite her age and financial independence, Errol considered their relationship deeply rewarding.
Annie's expression hardened slightly, her gaze instinctively shifting to the two women across the restaurant-Skylar and Natalie.
The pair could have easily chosen a more upscale restaurant, yet they sat there, laughing and chatting over simple sandwiches as though they had the world at their feet.
Annie only glanced at them briefly before turning her attention back to Errol. "I'm not repeating myself. I won't take this job. If you need to deal with them, do it yourself. But don't make promises on my behalf."
Errol was startled by her unyielding tone. Over the past year, Annie had always accommodated his requests. But today, Annie was uncharacteristically indifferent and firm.
"What's wrong with you?" he asked cautiously.
Annie stood up, her tone unaffected. "I'm done eating. Take your time."
Her words hung in the air as she turned and walked out of the restaurant.
Errol stared after her, too stunned to eat. Moments later, he hurried after her, only to watch as she crossed the street and entered the sandwich shop where Skylar and Natalie were seated.
He wondered if she didn't like the place he had chosen for dinner. But after a year together, he had never heard her express any particular fondness for sandwiches.
When he reached the shop, he saw Annie approach Skylar and Natalie with a polite smile. "Mrs. Martin, what a coincidence."
Skylar smiled and nodded. "It certainly is."
Annie returned the smile. "Jipsburg is such a big city, and yet we rarely cross paths. It's truly a rare occasion. But I'm a bit tied up today. Perhaps we'll have a chance to chat another time." 
Skylar's feelings toward Annie had long pid at best. She had been
never
Annie-not after ker
questionable intentions toward Joe
and later her deception of Steven. 
Anyone else probably wouldn't have bothered speaking to her. But as fate would have it, their paths crossed, and Annie chose to greet them.
"Of course," Skylar replied, her voice neutral.
As Annie turned to leave, Skylar saw Errol approaching. Something about him gave her a slight pause. She couldn't shake the feeling that he resembled Steven.
Annie noticed Skylar's hesitation but didn't linger. She walked out of the shop with Errol behind her like a shadow.
Watching them leave, Natalie sighed. "No wonder people go for younger boyfriends these days. He looks like a celebrity. Did you notice he kind of resembles Steven, Skye?"
el.net'
 "
"Not really," Skylar replied. Steven had been out of Annie's life for years now. Surely; she'd moved on. Besides, plenty of people bore passing resemblances to one another. It was nothing more than a coincidence. 
Natalie shrugged. "Well, he's not as handsome as your brother, and he's probably not much younger than Steven. Honestly, I doubt Annie even likes him all that much."
Meanwhile, as Annie stepped into the elevator, her expression darkened.
###chapter1795
Errol hesitated as he and Annie stepped out of the elevator and headed toward the parking lot. Finally, he spoke, his tone careful. "I know I made a mistake. Please don't be angry, Annie."
Having worked and lived together, he could tell that Annie was upset, but Annie's expression gave nothing away.
It wasn't until they were in the car that she finally broke her silence. Her voice was calm but cutting. "Are you sure you didn't take money from them?"
Errol's heart skipped a beat, but he stubbornly denied it. "No, I didn't. How could you even think that?"
Annie nodded slightly in acceptance of his response.
Thirty minutes later, they arrived at the office—a company Annie had built from the ground up. In just a few short years, she had carved out a name for herself in the industry, achieving financial independence and commanding respect.
The Silver family might have tried to stake a claim on her success, but Annie was unshaken. However, she was tired of the games, the expectations, and the constant balancing act. All she wanted now was to enjoy her life.
Once inside the building, Annie turned to Errol and said, "Let's break up. Go to HR and arrange your resignation. I'll transfer the money to your account shortly. Let's part on good terms."
Errol froze, disbelief etched across his face. "What did you just say? Break up? Annie, our relationship is solid. I'm ready to spend my life with you, and now you're saying you want to end it?"
"Yes," Annie replied simply.
"I won't agree to this! You know how much I love you! When I pursued you, I promised you I was sincere."
It was as though Errol couldn't hold back, baring his soul in the hope that Annie would see how deeply he cared.
He knew that without Annie, he'd never find someone like her again. She had opened doors to a world he never imagined, and he wasn't ready to let that go.
He couldn't believe that just one mistake today led her to break up with him. The punishment felt far too severe for such a small misstep.
But Annie was unmoved. Her smile was soft but resolute. "When we started this, I told you it was about mutual benefit. Love and passion don't last forever, Errol.
This past year has been hectic, and I'm feeling drained.
"Maybe that gave you the impression our relationship was meant to last, but it's not. You've been acting in my name, making choices I didn't approve of, Errol. Still, I've been nothing but fainto you. Now it's time for us to part ways." 
Errol's face paled. He stared at her, as if trying to comprehend what was happening. He had always believed Annie needed him. He'd told his friends she was hopelessly in love with him, that she'd always give in to his whims.
But now, her words shattered that illusion.
"I've already informed HR," Annie continued. They'll finalize everything. Over the past year, you've gained valuable experience here. Finding another job won't be difficult for you. But remember this actions have consequences. Don't let short-term gains cloud your judgment. I've said all I need to say. The rest is up to you." 
After all, their relationship had lasted more than a year.
Over the course of it, she had occasionally offered him sincere affection, though she had always been reluctant to part with him,
especially since he resemble net
Steven. Still, she knew an imitation could never replace the real thing. 
It was time to let go, to set herself free.
"Is it because of my humble background? Or because I'm younger than you?" he asked bitterly, grasping for answers.
"Don't overthink it," Annie said, her patience wearing thin. "My ex-boyfriend last year handled our breakup with dignity. I had expected the same from you."
She had once thought Errol was sharp and self-aware. That belief had made her indulgent, forgiving even. But now, she realized he had grown complacent, forgetting the boundaries they had set from the beginning.
In an instant, Errol came to his senses, and a rush of realizations hit him.
###chapter1796
From the start, Annie had been upfront with Errol. He'd heard the rumors too— how she'd cycled through boyfriends over the past two years.
Some relationships ended in a week, while others lasted a month or two. Yet, somehow, he'd held on the longest.
He took a deep breath and smiled. "Alright, let's part on good terms. If you ever miss me, just call. Don't worry; I won't bother you again."
Despite his words, a pang of regret lingered. He couldn't shake the thought that Annie's decision to end things stemmed from his recent misstep-accepting money from the other party without consulting her.
A part of him believed they had a future, even marriage. After all, he'd been the one to stand by her the longest.
"That's fine," Annie replied curtly, unwilling to continue the conversation. She stepped into the elevator, heading for her office floor.
She no longer felt anything for her ex-boyfriend, who had become a distant memory. It was time to set off on her own, to embrace freedom and explore the world. Becoming a travel blogger seemed like a perfect fit.
...
Twelve years passed in the blink of an eye. Jipsburg City transformed during that time. Hughes Group had dethroned the once-dominant Martin Group, which now led the industry.
Clusia, too, had grown rapidly, evolving every five years. Those returning after years abroad often found themselves disoriented by the changes in lifestyle and infrastructure.
For some, the transformations were even more profound. The children who once played in the streets had grown up.
On the outskirts of Jipsburg lay Dewhurst, a quaint town that had become a tourist hotspot.
Vivian, now 18, decided to spend her summer break in Dewhurst. As soon as she checked into her inn, her phone buzzed with a call from Natalie.
"Why'd you go to Dewhurst alone? I could've sent Hadwin with you-he'd keep you safe," Natalie said, her voice laced with concern.
"Don't worry, Mrs. Powell," Vivian laughed. "We live in a lawful society. The inn's nice, and the locks are sturdy. Honestly, if Hadwin came, I'd probably end up protecting him I'll only be here a week; then it's back to school for some experiments." 
Since Joe and Skylar's disappearance during a hike two years ago, everyone had gone out of their way to care for Vivian. She'd been devastated by their loss, her heart heavy with grief.
Viola had been her anchor during those dark days, offering reassurance that she'd reunite with her parents someday.
Viola had never lied to her, and with her guidance, Vivian had navigated countless dangers alongside Joe and Skylar.
Even so, when the pair vanished, no trace was ever found despite an extensive police search.
Vivian had thrown herself into academics, skipping grades since middle school. At just 18, she was already a college senior.
Recalling Vivian's resilience, Natalie
felt a mix of pride and worry. Vivian wasn't helpless-if trouble arose, she'd likely be the one protecting others. Still, Natalie couldn't help but fret. After all, Skylar and Joe... 
A heavy sigh escaped Natalie. Even after three years, the thought still brought a sharp pain to her heart. She gently reminded Vivian, "Dewhurst has changed a lot in recent years. It's beautiful, but holidays bring crowds. Be careful, and if anything happens, call me or Hadwin, okay?" 
###chapter1797
Vivian said, "Alright, Mrs. Powell. I'll take good care of myself."
She made the promise with firm resolve.
Once the call ended, Janine, Steven, Charles, and Harvey all reached out, eager to join her on the trip. Though her parents had been absent for the past three years, the love and concern from her relatives kept her from feeling lonely or forgotten.
After finishing all the calls, she finally had a moment to take in her guest room. The inn had a unique charm to it.
A friend of hers stayed here last summer and recommended it to her. Based on Viola's advice, she decided to visit Dewhurst, as Viola had emphasized the importance of going there soon.
Vivian opened the window and looked out over the inn's spacious courtyard. The old-fashioned architecture, with its classic vibe, made her feel like she was stepping back in time, experiencing a brief illusion of the past.
"Once I find Mom and Dad, I'll bring them here to experience this too," she murmured.
Just as she was about to close the window, a figure emerged from behind a large tree. It was a young man-Manfred Atkinson-dressed in period attire.
Manfred was strikingly handsome, with sharp, captivating features. His clothes, though, were slightly worn, with patches on the edges. Despite his ragged appearance, there was an air of arrogance about him, a chilling presence that made him stand out in a way Vivian had never encountered before.
Though she had seen many people in period costumes during her travels to Dewhurst, Manfred's style was unique and impossible to ignore. She found herself staring at him for a moment longer than she intended.
Just as she was about to close the window, snowflakes began drifting down from the sky.
"What? It's just early autumn. Why is there snow?" she muttered, surprised by the sudden change in weather. Only moments before, the sky had been clear.
She glanced at Manfred once more before quickly closing the window. She
needed to put on an extra layer of clothing and go outside to enjoy the snow.
Snowfall in Dewhurst would be such a special experience. After changing into her coat and grabbing her camera, she hurried outside.
However, when she stepped out, she was taken aback. The sky was still clear, with no sign of snow.
Moreover, the courtyard she had just seen from the window looked different from the one in front of her now. s?novel
The courtyard outside was still decorated in an old-fashioned style with a small bridge and flowing water, but it didn't match the scene she had glimpsed earlier.
It dawned on her that the courtyard she had seen when she arrived with her luggage was the one she was standing in now. She couldn't help but wonder about the strange vision she had seen through the window. 
Vivian blinked, feeling disoriented. "Was it just an illusion?" she wondered.
With lingering doubts, she returned to her room and changed back into her previous clothes.
The sun was still shining brightly, and despite it being early autumn, the day's warmth remained.
She couldn't help but think back to Manfred. If the vision had been an illusion, it had felt remarkably real.
"I didn't bring any negative items with me this time," she muttered.
Over the past few years, whenever someone close to her encountered something involving negative items, she was the one to handle it. Viola had taught her how to deal with such matters.
As Skylar's daughter, Vivian had inherited the ability to perceive and interact with these things, just as her mother had. The difference was that Vivian could preserve the positive
aspects of such energies and
neutralize the negative ones,
allowing the good qualities to thrive.
She had dealt with several items that caused hallucinations, but her abilities were strong enough to prevent such things from affecting her unless there was a genuine reason for them.
Of course, Viola could always appear before her at any time. But this year, she had only appeared once-just a few days ago, urging her to come to Dewhurst.
Shaking off her thoughts, Vivian decided to try again and pushed open the window. This time, the view outside was exactly as it had been when she had gone outside earlier-normal and unchanged.
###chapter1798
Vivian quickly dismissed the earlier vision as nothing more than a product of her imagination. After all, even if someone dressed in period costumes today, they couldn't possibly match the poise and charm of Manfred as she'd seen him in her illusion.
Perhaps the recent run-in with some negative items had affected her more than she realized.
Not seeing Manfred left her with an unexpected sense of disappointment. He had been so ill-suited for the weather-snow swirling around him, his clothes tattered and worn. No wonder his expression had been so grim.
She shook off the thought, brushing it aside as a fleeting fancy.
Wandering through Dewhurst, she spent the day capturing countless scenic photos. Some friendly tourists even helped her snap a few pictures of herself. She sent them to her family group chat, reassuring them she was safe.
After a long day of exploring, she decided to find a local restaurant in Dewhurst for dinner.
The restaurant stood out because of its grand and impressive decor, exuding an old-world elegance that evoked the charm of a simpler, bygone era.
Before even stepping inside, the mouthwatering aroma of the dishes drifting through the door had already captivated her senses.
Once inside, she paused, struck by the sight. The host at the entrance and the servers carrying dishes were all dressed in period costumes.
It was an extraordinary experience.
"This way, miss," the host said, guiding her to a table.
She sat down, taking in her surroundings. There weren't many customers-only three others. To her surprise, they, too, were dressed in period costumes.
Their attire and makeup were so authentic, unlike the trendy styles on social media or the polished looks of a studio. It felt like she had entered the middle of an elaborate period drama.
Before she could think further, a waiter approached and asked with a bright smile, "Miss, what would you like to order?"
"Do you have a menu?" Vivian asked.
"A menu?" The waiter looked momentarily stunned. "What is that?"
Vivian blinked in surprise. How could a restaurant operate without a menu? Perhaps it was part of their marketing strategy, fully embracing the atmosphere of an old-world tavern by eliminating menuso altogether. 
"Then what are your specialty dishes?" she asked.
The waiter immediately rattled off a list of dishes, speaking quickly yet clearly. Vivian managed to keep up and ordered two dishes and a glass of lemon tea.
As she waited for her food, she observed her surroundings. The restaurant exuded an authentic historical atmosphere with no hint of modernity.
It felt as if she'd stepped onto the set of a historical drama. She couldn't help but admire the creativity behind the concept. Whoever owned this place was a genius.
It must be a new establishment. If it had been around longer, surely it would have appeared on social media. The sparse crowd seemed to confirm her suspicion.
Before arriving in Dewhurst, she had gone through every travel guide and influencer post, but none had mentioned this restaurant.
@she
UT
Reaching for her phone, she intended to capture the surreal atmosphère. However, just raised her camera, the scene shifted Suddenly, she was sitting in an utterly ordinary, modern_O restaurant. 
Although the servers were also dressed in period costumes, the overall effect lacked authenticity.
The sudden shift in her surroundings made Vivian's expression change instantly.
If she still believed this was an illusion, she was being far too na?ve. This wasn't a hallucination; it had to be the result of negative influences.
There were negative items in Dewhurst, and they made her feel like she was caught between reality and illusion, unable to tell one from the other.
She stood abruptly, her sharp movements drawing the attention of a nearby waiter, who asked gently, "Miss, is everything alright? Have you decided what you'd like to order?" 
"Sorry, something urgent just came up. I have to leave," Vivian replied quickly.
Without waiting for a response, she headed straight for the restaurant's exit.
###chapter1799
The air outside the restaurant buzzed with the sounds of a lively crowd, tourists milling about in every direction.
Vivian took a steadying breath, closing her eyes before reopening them. Trusting her instincts, she moved forward, weaving through several narrow alleys. Before long, she found herself at the edge of Dewhurst.
A heavy, lingering aura of negative energy hung in the air near an ancient tree.
The tree stood tall, its age likely spanning four or five centuries. A sudden realization hit her. "Isn't this the same tree I saw earlier at the inn? The young man was near it."
The surroundings felt eerily familiar, mirroring the scene she had encountered earlier at the inn. Snow, which had already begun to fall, was now coming down in thick, heavy flakes.
Vivian could sense the negative presence within the illusion before her.
Recognizing the source, she moved toward it. As she drew closer, a biting cold swept over her, snowflakes landing gently on her skin and hair.
The sensation of the snow was startlingly real, far more tangible than the illusion conjured by the negative item. Just as she began to feel uneasy, her gaze landed on Manfred.
He lay next to the tree, staring at it as though in a trance, seemingly unconscious.
Vivian hurried to his side. Now that she was closer, she couldn't help but notice how striking his features were, even more so up close than from a distance.
She had encountered many beautiful people in her life—Skylar, Joe, Janine, Steven, Charles, Harvey, Mona, and Thelma-all possessing remarkable looks.
But none of them carried the same air of stubbornness and detachment that Manfred did. There was something almost fragile about him, a delicate vulnerability that contrasted with his hardened exterior.
He was painfully thin, his complexion pale.
"Wake up! You're outside in the snow. You can't sleep here, or you'll catch a cold," Vivian called out to him.
But he didn't respond.
Despite the surreal nature of her surroundings, Vivian could still feel
his breath-he was alive, butiteet
seemed as though he was it. 
Without thinking, she reached out to touch his forehead.
The heat that radiated from him startled her. Just as she was about to speak again, her hand was
abruptly seized. Manfred's eyes
snapped open. 
His gaze was sharp, full of wariness and coldness, tinged with a hint of hostility-
like the eyes of a wolf, fierce and unyielding.
"Who are you? Why are you here?" Manfred's voice was low and edged with suspicion. But as he studied her, he noticed something odd. She was dressed in strange, unfamiliar clothing. 
And when she looked at him, there was none of the disdain or mockery he expected from the Atkinson family.
His grip on her hand loosened slightly, but the wariness in his eyes didn't fade.
"I'm a tourist. You should go home, take some medicine, and rest," Vivian suggested gently.
"Go home? Who are you really? What is your purpose here? Who sent you?" Manfred frowned.
Vivian was momentarily stunned.
###chapter1800
Vivian looked at Manfred, confusion etched on her face. His speech... It sounded like he was from another time, not like someone from the modern world. Could he have gotten too deep into his role?
"You're not joking, are you? You're burning with fever. Do you realize that?" she said, pulling her hand away from his grip.
Manfred narrowed his eyes, watching her with suspicion.
Vivian met his gaze calmly, unfazed by his cold scrutiny. She had encountered many negative items before, and the people in those situations were often grotesque and terrifying. As such, his questioning glare didn't rattle her anymore.
At first, she might have been startled, but not now.
Just then, Viola's voice rang out beside her.
"Vivian, help him. If you help him overcome this, you'll see your parents again one day. Right now, you're the only one who can save him."
Vivian's head whipped toward the voice. Viola's figure was slowly fading.
"You...." Vivian stammered, panic rising as her heart raced. Was Viola leaving?
Viola smiled warmly at her. "Vivian, you've grown up. You can face whatever comes next. This boy is connected to me in ways you can't yet understand. I can't let him die like this. Take care of him for me. This is a time and place unknown to history. He's suffering. I have to go now. Goodbye, Vivian."
"No, please don't leave! Don't go!" Vivian cried, rushing toward Viola.
But no matter how fast she moved, she couldn't reach her. Viola's figure vanished before her eyes.
It was the first time Viola had said goodbye and Vivian knew it would also be the last.
The old woman who had stayed by her side all these years would never return. Manfred watched, bewildered, as Vivian spoke to the air and cried. His eyes were full of doubt, and he wondered if this was some new trick meant to mock him.
Vivian wiped away her tears, taking a moment to collect herself before turning back to Manfred.
Viola had entrusted her with a task-to take care of Manfred. Through him, she would find Joe and Skylar. In that brief moment, everything became clear-why Viola had sent her to Dewhurst, why she had witnessed the past.
As she met Manfred's suspicious, defensive gaze, she opened her mouth to speak-only to be interrupted by a mocking laugh.
"Manfred, it's snowing. Would you like to kneel and lick the snow off my shoes? If you clean it all off, I'll give you a coat to help you survive this winter What do you say?" a boy, roughly Manfred's age, sneered at him from the courtyard entrance. 
Vivian frowned. "Who are you? Are you out of your mind? I think you should be the one licking someone's shoes."
Manfred turned to her, disbelief flashing in his eyes. She was speaking up for him daring to offend Cyril Atkinson.
"Hey! Are you deaf? Did the cold freeze your brain?" Cyril snapped as he marched closer, standing in front of Manfred.
"What are you staring at?" Cyril demanded, following Manfred's gaze. But all he saw was snow.
"A woman," Manfred replied.
Something felt off. Normally, Cyril would have exploded with rage at such
insolence. Yet he seemed oblivious, as though he hadn't heard a thing.
Vivian noticed it too. She turned to Cyril. "He's looking at me. Didn't you hear what I just said?"
Cyril's response made them both pale.
"Hahaha! Manfred, it looks like you've lost your mind. A woman? Are you falling for her? Hahahaha!" Cyril doubled over with laughter. "Dad's not home and probably won't be back for the whole winter Let's see how you survive. 
Pnet
"But I'm in a good mood today, so I'll give you a chance. If you lick my shoes until they're cleaner than a dog could manage, I'll give you coat and even throw in a chicken leg with your meals every day. Not everyone gets this opportunity, you know. Consider it a mercy from me!" 

###chapter1801
Vivian and Manfred were stunned by Cyril's words.
When Manfred remained silent, Cyril's impatience wore thin. "I'll count to three. If you don't lick my shoes by then, you'll just have to keep freezing. This is your only chance. Don't regret it."
Cyril couldn't stomach how Manfred, despite his dire state, still exuded an air of dignity.
Vivian, however, quickly regained her composure. Cyril's arrogance was insufferable, but what truly tipped her over the edge was his breath-foul enough to be noticeable from two steps away. Without a second thought, she kicked him.
The sound of her kick landing was sharp and satisfying. Cyril stumbled backward, nearly losing his balance before collapsing to the ground.
Manfred's expression shifted.
Cyril, clutching his side, cursed through gritted teeth. "Manfred, are you trying to get yourself killed? How dare you hit me! Ah, it hurts like hell!"
The maids trailing behind Cyril stood frozen in shock, puzzled over what kind of game he was playing.
Manfred's voice was cold. "I didn't touch you."
Cyril struggled to his feet, seething. "Liar! You're supposed to be so noble, so pure. You won't even eat the scraps I toss you, yet now you're lying? My maids saw you hit me! Do you think you can deny it?"
Manfred's gaze shifted to the maids. "Did I strike him?"
The maids were too scared to speak.
Cyril's frustration boiled over. "What's wrong with all of you? Cat got your tongues?"
Manfred remained calm, his tone cutting. "I'm several steps away. Even if my legs were longer, I couldn't have kicked you."
Cyril faltered, the realization dawning on him. Manfred had indeed been too far to have landed the blow. So...
"That can't be right. If you didn't kick me, then who did?"
Manfred's expression darkened. "Maybe it was a ghost."
The word sent a shiver through Cyril. Everyone in the Atkinson family knew the rumors about
Manfred how misfortune seemed to follow anyone who crossed him. Injuries, accidents, unexplainable Pain -it was as if some unseen force shielded him. 
"You!" Cyril scanned his surroundings, but nothing was there.
It was always like this—something intangible yet undeniably present seemed to protect Manfred.
"Mark my words, Manfred," Cyril spat, though his voice wavered. "You won't get away with this. My shoes won't be wiped today, so you'll have to lick them clean."
Despite his bravado, Cyril couldn't shake the feeling of invisible eyes watching him. With a sharp gesture, he signaled for his maids to leave. They hurried after him, casting wary glancès back at Manfred as they retreated. 
Once Cyril and his entourage were out of sight, Vivian turned to Manfred.
The scene had Heft her shaken, but more than that, it had opened her eyes to the gravity of his situation Even the maids trailing after Cyri were better dressed than Manfred. Their coats were warm and thick, while Manfred, by contrast, wore only thin, tattered clothes? 
No wonder Viola insisted that she looked after him.
Manfred swayed, his body betraying his exhaustion. Vivian instinctively reached out, steadying him before he could collapse.
The moment their hands touched, she realized just how hot he was-his fever was intense.
"You're burning up," she said, her voice tinged with worry. "You need to rest. It's too cold out here."
Frantically, she rummaged through her bag, searching for medicine. She wasn't sure if she had anything for a fever, but she had to try.
Manfred stared at her, his eyes sharp with suspicion. "Who are you? A person or a ghost?" he asked, his tone laced with mistrust.
Even in his fevered state, his guarded demeanor remained unyielding.
###chapter1802
"Don't worry. I'm not some man-eating monster. I won't hurt you," Vivian said as she helped Manfred back to his room.
But when she opened the door, she froze.
The room was as cold as the air outside, the furnishings sparse to the point of desolation. A table and chair occupied the space, and a bed stood against the wall. There was no mattress or blanket, just a wooden board.
In that instant, she understood why Manfred preferred to stay outside. At least out there, the sun offered a sliver of warmth. This room felt like an ice cave.
She wondered how Manfred could have survived until now.
"Sit down for now. I'll find something to help," Vivian said, her heart sinking as she took in his condition.
She rummaged through her bag but came up empty-handed-no antipyretics, only cold medicine. Thankfully, there was an unopened bottle of water.
"Take this cold medicine first. Just swallow it with some water."
Manfred didn't move.
Vivian met his wary gaze. "This cold medicine will help relieve your symptoms. I don't have much with me, but I do have this jacket. It should keep you warm for now. Put it on. I'll go buy a few things and come back to check on you."
She knew Manfred would not trust her easily. If she were in his shoes, she would not trust anyone either, especially after being treated unfairly.
After leaving, Vivian hurried to Dewhurst. The small town had only one lingerie store. She quickly grabbed two sets of men's thermal underwear lined with cashmere. She also found a couple of vintage-style down jackets at a nearby shop—clothing that wouldn't seem out of place in Manfred's era.
Next, she stopped by the pharmacy for antipyretics and then visited a restaurant, where she ordered warm chicken soup, sandwiches, and other hearty dishes.
She had hoped to buy a blanket and mattress, but the stores in town didn't carry them. Undeterred, she returned to Manfred with the supplies she could gather.
Twenty minutes later, she arrived back at his room.
Manfred stared at the bundles in her arms, confusion flickering across his face. "You..."
He hadn't expected her to return. When she left earlier, he'd assumed she wouldn't come back. The medicine she'd left behind was strange, unlike anything he'd seen before.
Part of him thought it might be poison-not that it mattered. In his current state, death seemed a relief. But when he took it, the medicine. had nodiscernible taste, and to his surprise, it eased his discomfort almost immediately. 
Perhaps she wasn't a threat after all. Still, he couldn't decide whether she was human or some kind of spirit.
"I bought these for you. These are antipyretics, just like the cold medicine I gave you earlier. Take them the same way," Vivian said, handing him the antipyretics.
This time, Manfred took it
immediately. Vivian then pulled out some thermal underwear and a
down jacket. She hadn't had time to wash them in her haste; the priority was to warm him up immediately. 
"These are thermal underwear and a down jacket. You need to put them on right away. You can't afford to catch a cold with your fever. I'll wait outside. Just call me when you're ready." 
Vivian left immediately after speaking. Manfred stared at the unfamiliar garments, his eyes flickering with uncertainty.
Outside, Vivian paced. Ten minutes passed, and still, he hadn't called for her. She was just about to ask if he needed help when, suddenly, a force flung her back into the inn.
###chapter1803
Just then, Manfred's voice came from inside the room. "You can come in now."
He waited, but there was no response. Thinking his voice might have been too soft, he raised it slightly and called out again.
Still, silence greeted him. It was as if no one was there.
The medicine he had taken, along with the thermal underwear and down jacket he had put on, had made him feel much warmer. He also felt some strength returning. So, he decided to step outside.
But there was no one outside.
The woman had vanished without a trace, leaving no message or clue behind. Standing in the doorway, Manfred gazed at the thick snowfall blanketing the world outside. A strange disorientation gripped him.
The lingering warmth in his body reminded him that the encounter hadn't been a dream.
"I never got to thank you," he murmured, his voice barely audible over the sound of the wind. Snowflakes danced in the air, their delicate patterns a stark contrast to the heaviness in his heart.
Would he ever see her again? He hadn't even asked her name.
After a long moment, he turned back to his room.
On the table, he found several transparent containers filled with food. Suddenly, his stomach growled loudly.
It had been two days since his last meal. The Atkinson family's cruelty was always calculated-they never let him starve or freeze to death. Every few days, someone would check on him, bring some food, and toss him a blanket. When he regained enough strength, they would take the blanket away.
But now, warm food sat before him, something he hadn't had in what felt like forever. Opening the containers, he began to eat.
The chicken soup sent a soothing warmth from his throat to his stomach, spreading through his limbs. Each bite of the vegetables and meat carried the unmistakable care of someone who had cooked with intention.
The woman might have been nothing more than a passing presence.
At that thought, a brief glimmer of light flickered in his dark eyes, only to fade as quickly, leaving them cold and distant once again. He shouldn't expect anything from anyone. 
Vivian had tried everything to return, but it was futile. No matter how many times she retraced her steps to the alley or opened the window, the way back eluded her.
"There must be a reason," she thought. "Maybe I can't stay there too long. After all, I'm from the modern world, and that place is from another time and space."
She spent the entire night pondering this, but as dawn broke, no answers came. Her thoughts returned to Manfred. He had taken his medicine, worn the thermal underwear and jacket, and eaten. He should be okay for now.
She couldn't bear to let Viola down.
Although unsure if she would ever see Manfred again, Vivian resolved to prepare.
As the sun rose, she left Dewhurst and set about gathering supplies-a goose-down blanket, canned food fresh fruit, and other essentials. On a whim she purchased a portable stove with a gas canister, a pot, and some seasonings. 
She even visited a tailor, handing over designs she had sketched for a few outfits. She requested that he make them as quickly as possible, as they were intended for Manfred. 
When everything was ready, she packed two large suitcases to the brim.
She folded the goose-down blanket neatly into one suitcase, thinking it should be warm enough for Manfred.
The blanket fit neatly into the suitcase without taking up much space.
###chapter1804
As Vivian prepared to hail a cab back to Dewhurst, she noticed a faint glow emanating from the bracelet on her wrist. It felt warm against her skin, almost alive.
Startled, she glanced down at it. When she raised her head again, the scene before her had shifted, and there stood Manfred, wearing the down jacket she had gifted him, shoveling snow.
The sight brought an unexpected wave of relief. After a day and night of relentless snowfall, the thick drifts were daunting, yet seeing him out there meant he was alright.
Just as she was about to approach him, the world around her flickered. The snow- covered street dissolved, replaced by the familiar bustle of the modern city. Vivian froze, furrowing her brow in confusion.
"What just happened?" she wondered.
Pushing her suitcases back to the inn, she abandoned her plan to go out for food. Instead, she ordered two dishes from the inn's kitchen. As she ate, her mind replayed the events of the day.
She had visited Manfred without issue before. Why was it not possible now?
Her gaze fell on the bracelet. Skylar had won it at an auction and gifted it to her. From the moment she first saw it, she felt an unexplainable pull, as if it was meant be hers.
Daily wear had given it a more lustrous shine in the past two years, even enhancing its quality.
When she saw Manfred earlier, the bracelet had glowed and warmed, just as it had the day before when she went to him. At the time, she hadn't thought much of
it.
"Could the bracelet be the key?" she mused. "Is it somehow linked to my ability to travel through time and space? Maybe it acts as a conduit... and there's a limit to how long I can stay. I was able to go yesterday, but not today. What about tomorrow?"
The idea took root, and she spent the night contemplating its implications. "If the bracelet is truly the key, that means I can visit Manfred even when I'm not in Dewhurst. What I need to figure out now is its rules."
The answer came the next day at noon.
She could only travel every other day, and even then, her visits were restricted to two brief windows totaling no more than 30 minutes. It wasn't much time-barely enough for a conversation, let alone
exploring the world of Manfred's era. 
When she returned to him, Manfred's initial reaction was disbelief, thinking it was merely his imagination. "You..."
Vivian beamed. "We meet again! But I can't stay here for long, so I'll make it quick. The two suitcases I brought contain..."
Worried she might run out of time, she hurriedly explained how to use the gas
stove and gas canister. Then, she unpacked the fruits, vegetables, and canned goods she had brought.
Vivian paused, her throat dry. Manfred handed her a glass of water.
"Thank you," she said, taking a sip.
"It's me who should be thanking you. You're the one doing the helping." Manfred rarely expressed gratitude, so there was a brief pause before he managed the words, but his tone was unwavering.
Vivian's smile brightened. "No need to thank me. It feels like fate brought us together. I think you've guessed by now—I'm not from your time. I don't know how often I'll be able to visit, but I'll do what I can to help." 
Since only Manfred could see her in this era, it was clear she might not be able to return for a while. Viola had requested her help; at this moment, all she could
think about was helping him survive the winter.
When Manfred heard this, his expression shifted slightly, but Vivian didn't notice. Instead, she handed him a pen and paper. "I can't think of anything else I can help you with for now, but is there anything
you need? Write it down bring it
next time. Oh, I almost forgot. 
"I should buy you some self-defense weapons, so if anyone bullies you, you can
fight back! Yes, next time, I'll bring you all kinds of self-defense tools."
###chapter1805
Vivian finished speaking and suddenly realized she had been talking the entire time. She stopped asking questions and simply looked up at the slender young man in front of her. She had to admit that Manfred was undeniably handsome.
Though his complexion was a bit pale, and he seemed a little too thin, she thought that if he gained a few pounds, he would be even more striking.
Manfred blushed, unaccustomed to being looked at like this. No one had ever regarded him with such admiration before. It was a first.
In Vivian's gaze, it was as if there were countless stars shining, a brilliance that unexpectedly pierced through his heart.
"Why are you looking at me like that?" he asked softly, his voice barely above a whisper.
Vivian smiled warmly. "Because you're so handsome."
Manfred's face flushed deeper, his ears burning with embarrassment.
"What's your name?" he asked.
Vivian suddenly realized this was her third visit, and she had never introduced herself. "I'm Vivian Martin," she said with a smile.
"Ms. Martin."
Vivian nodded, still smiling. "Have you thought of anything else you might need?" she asked.
Manfred hesitated, finding it difficult to speak. There were things he did need.
"Right now, I'm helping you, but who knows, maybe someday you'll return the favor. So don't be shy about asking," Vivian added, sensing that Manfred might be able to help her find Skylar and Joe. Compared to her parents, there was nothing money could buy that mattered more.
Manfred looked at her for a moment, thinking, "Return the favor?"
He supposed that was only right. He silently promised to repay her in whatever way he could in the future.
After a brief pause, he said firmly, "I need tools for digging secret passages and some drugs to induce unconsciousness."
The rest, he would have to handle himself.
Vivian immediately agreed. "Alright, I'll get them for you and return in a couple of days."
"Wait for me here," Manfred said quickly before heading back inside.
Vivian waited in the yard, her eyes scanning her surroundings. The mansion was large, and faint sounds of activity could be heard in the distance, contrasting sharply with the silence at Manfred's place. 
She didn't want to pry into his situation, so she refrained from asking more
questions. However, she could sense that Manfred's circumstances were delicate and complicated.
A few minutes later, Manfred returned, holding something new in his hands.
"I don't have any money at the
moment, and the items you've bought are quite valuable. I will make sure to repay you later. For now, accept this bracelet as a token for the cost of these items." Manfred handed her the bracelet. 
Vivian froze when she saw the
bracelet. It was the same one she was wearing. She glanced from the bracelet in his palm to her wrist, noticing that the one she had been wearing was slowly disappearing. 
"This bracelet should be worth some money..." Manfred misinterpreted her reaction, thinking she didn't like it.
After all, everything Vivian had given him was of exceptional quality.
###chapter1806
At that moment, Manfred only had this emerald bracelet left, which he had hidden away to keep it from being taken by others.
Vivian had initially planned to refuse the gift, but as she watched the bracelet on her wrist slowly fade, a voice inside her urged her to accept it.
"Thank you! I love this bracelet. I won't pawn it. It must be very valuable," she said, a soft smile forming on her lips as she took it from him.
Once she accepted the bracelet, she thought Manfred likely wouldn't hesitate to make a request, nor would he feel shy about asking.
As she slid the bracelet onto her wrist, an unexpected vision flashed through her mind. She saw Joe and Skylar hiking up a mountain, smiling and waving at her.
A wave of longing washed over her, and her eyes began to fill with tears.
"I'm glad you like it." As Manfred spoke, his gaze was briefly caught by her fair wrist. His heart raced, and he quickly averted his eyes, feeling slightly uneasy. "Yes, I do." Vivian's voice caught in her throat.
Manfred noticed the change in her expression. "Are you alright?"
"It's nothing. Some snow got into my eyes." She quickly wiped away her tears, trying to steady herself.
Checking the time on her watch, she stood up. "I have to go now. Take care of yourself in the next few days. Remember to take your medicine and eat on time. I'll bring you some other food next time."
Before Manfred could say anything, she disappeared from his sight. He stood there for a long moment, his hand still outstretched, frozen in mid-air. He hadn't had a chance to say goodbye.
For the first time in years, someone had told him to take care of himself. In this vast mansion, the people around him only sought to take what they could from him.
Vivian was the first person to care for him without any hidden motives. She was like a light that could warm his heart.
He wasn't sure how long he stood there, but eventually, his gaze shifted to the southwest, his eyes hardening with a coldness deeper than the winter now.
Vivian spent one more night at the inn before checking out and taking the high- speed train back to Jipsburg City.
It was Harvey who came to pick her up.
"Uncle Harvey, you're so busy with work. I could have just taken a cab home," she said.
Vivian believed she was old enough to handle things on her own, but her family's constant care made her feel like she hadn't grown up at all.
Harvey adjusted his glasses. "I was passing by anyway, and today's not that hectic. Did you already tell your grandmother that aside from summer plans, you'd be heading back to school? What made you decide to go back to Galaxy Villa?" 
Vivian had already prepared her excuse. "I miss home, so I decided to attend school during the day and come back to sleep at night."
The truth was, she would occasionally disappear without warning and needed to shop for Manfred. Staying at school made these activities difficult.
But at home, it was different. She could disappear whenever she wanted, buy whatever she needed, and no one would question her.
When Harvey heard her say she missed home, he didn't press further. Galaxy Villa's security was top-notch, so even if Vivian stayed there alone, there was no need for concern.
The housekeeping staff would take care of everything during the day. And when Vivian said she missed home, she clearly meant she missed Joe and Skylar.
To this day, the family still couldn't understand how a simple hiking trip had turned into tragedy. Joe and Skylar had vanished without a trace—no clues, no remains.
The police had deployed extensive resources to search, even combing through surveillance footage from the area, but nothing turned up.
"Your Uncle Charles just called me. He left some concert tickets for your Aunt Thema's show. He said you should invite a few friends to go with you." Harvey, worried that Vivian might feel upset, quickly changed
the subject. 
Over the years, Thelma's fame had skyrocketed. She had truly
showcased her incredible talent,
starting with a theme song for a TV
drama then progressing to solo
albums, and now headlining her own concerts. 
Her concerts were notoriously hard to get tickets for. Every time they went on sale, they sold out almost instantly.
Vivian's face lit up. "That's amazing! Some of my friends are obsessed with her music, and I've been playing her songs on repeat every day."
Relieved to see her smile, Harvey added, "Your Uncle Charles said if you need more tickets, just let him know."
###chapter1807
Vivian laughed, "I would never be shy with Uncle Charles."
Charles and Thelma truly were the epitome of the perfect couple in the entertainment industry. They opted not to have children, and their careers continued to flourish.
When Vivian arrived at Galaxy Villa, she was greeted by a pile of packages at the door-items she had ordered the day before for Manfred.
Shopping in Jipsburg was incredibly convenient. She could place an order one day, and it often arrived the next. The longest wait was just three days.
Vivian carried the packages inside and unpacked them, checking everything was there. Satisfied, she quickly packed the items into a bag.
Just as she finished tidying up, Edgar arrived.
"Vivian, I've missed you so much! Why didn't you tell me in advance you were coming home?" Edgar said, holding two large grocery bags filled with fresh ingredients he'd picked up on his way.
It was a rare occasion for Vivian to be home, and Edgar intended to make all her favorite dishes. When Vivian saw him, she immediately ran to hug him. "I missed you too, Edgar."
This semester had been hectic for Vivian. Between schoolwork and activities, she hadn't visited home as often, and opportunities to see Edgar were few and far between.
"Wait here. I'll make your favorite sandwiches and a few other dishes. You've lost weight this semester, and it breaks my heart to see you like this," Edgar said, his eyes welling with tears. His affection for Vivian was like that of a loving grandfather.
At the mention of sandwiches, Vivian's face lit up. "Let me help you make them."
"No, you don't need to. While you're home, your only job is to rest. I've already bought everything; it won't take long. Be a good girl and relax," Edgar insisted, not wanting her to do anything, especially with all the assignments and projects piling up at school. She had so much on her plate, leaving her drained and thinner than before.
"Alright," Vivian replied, not insisting further. She retreated to her bedroom, closed her eyes, and thought quietly of Manfred. Before long, she found herself standing in his room. He was asleep. 
She moved quietly, careful not to disturb him, and simply stood there, observing him.
Years of poor nutrition had left him thin, but his features were undeniably striking. She figured his height was roughly six feet one inch, but she couldn't be sure without a tape measure.
She couldn't help but wonder why Manfred had been treated so unfairly.
She didn't stay long. After a few minutes, she left as quietly as she had come, leaving everything behind for him.
Just minutes after she left, Manfred stirred. It was rare for him to take a nap in the afternoon, but the comfort of the blanket Vivian had given him had been too inviting to resist. It felt like being wrapped in soft warmth, the heat seeping through him. 
He opened his eyes and glanced toward the table. Two large bags sat beside it.
"She came?" He quickly got out of bed and opened the door, peering into the
yard. But there was no sign of her. She had already gone.
He frowned. He regretted having fallen into such a deep sleep.
Returning to the room, he walked over to the two bags and began to unpack them.
Inside were numerous items, some of which he had never seen before. At first, he had been surprised, but now, he had grown accustomed to accepting these unfamiliar things without much reaction. 
An hour later, Vivian returned with a plate of sandwiches in hand.
###chapter1808
The sandwiches were warm, still giving off a slight heat.
Vivian's eyes met Manfred's gaze.
When Manfred looked at someone with his usual neutral expression, the coldness in his eyes could freeze a person without him uttering a word. Yet, when his gaze fell on Vivian, that coldness quickly dissipated.
"I brought you some sandwiches. They're fresh, just made. I'm not sure if you'll like them, but Edgar made them. He's an excellent cook, " Vivian said, setting a few sandwiches on the table.
She glanced around curiously. The things she had bought, including the blankets, were nowhere to be seen. She wondered if Manfred had hidden them.
Manfred sat down, his eyes briefly resting on the warm sandwiches, his mind lost in thought.
"Go ahead, eat before they get cold," Vivian said, thinking he might feel awkward about eating.
Manfred nodded. "Okay."
Though Manfred had never tried a sandwich before, he ate slowly, savoring each bite as if committing the taste to memory.
Vivian watched him in silence.
Before coming here, she had already eaten two sandwiches. She had taken a few with her to the bedroom, telling Edgar she had some work to do.
Knowing Vivian was busy, Edgar didn't bother her. So, Vivian had time to stay here.
"I've hidden everything in a compartment under the bed," Manfred said.
Vivian didn't ask why. "Everything comes with a user manual. If you don't understand anything, just ask me," she replied.
Manfred responded with a quiet hum.
"Do you like reading?" Vivian asked.
Manfred nodded. "I have a few books. Before I turned ten, I read many classical works."
Vivian was curious about Manfred's past when she heard him mention that he had read books before the age of ten. "I'll bring a few books for you next time," she offered.
Manfred simply thanked her.
He was a man of few words, having
gone through a lot in his life.
1.n
e'
Countless scars had left him emotionally distant, and before Vivian, he always felt like someone undeserving of attention. 
He felt like he was born to exist in the shadows.
"It's about time. I should go now. Next time I'll bring some books for you. I almost forgot—I'll bring you a chess set. You could play in your free time."
With that, she stood and left.
Once Vivian was gone, Manfred remained still, his gaze turning cold once more
as the silence of the room settled around him.
He walked over to the bed and opened the secret compartment.
His time was running out.
He needed to make the Atkinson family pay for what they had done to his mother. These people deserved to vanish without a trace.
Over the next few days, Vivian visited the bookstore and bought rare books written in traditional
script. She immediately grabbet
them when she saw them. She also picked up some pens. She planned to deliver all these to Manfred the next time she visited him?
When the day came, she arrived with two large bags. However, Manfred wasn't in
the room, though she could hear voices from outside.
Vivian turned toward the door. The group leader was someone she recognized- Cyril, a man she had met a few days ago.
"Manfred, get out here and look what
I brought you. You've been starving and freezing, haven't you? Well, I've brought you something you've never tasted before. It's a gift from me." Cyril sneered. 
###chapter1809
Behind Cyril, the maids held a thin, frayed blanket, and food was brought in a wooden bucket. It was clear he had no intention of offering anything worthwhile.
Vivian immediately stepped outside.
When she saw the spoiled, mixed food in the wooden bucket, her face drained of color. This man was utterly despicable.
Without thinking, she slapped Cyril twice across the face.
Cyril yelped in pain. "Who... Who hit me?"
"No... No one, Mr. Cyril..." one of the maids behind him stammered, visibly terrified.
The maid wondered, "What is going on? Something strange happens every time Mr. Cyril visits Mr. Manfred."
It was even more bizarre now. He was claiming someone had struck him.
In the Atkinson family, no one dared to strike Cyril. Besides, Manfred hadn't even shown himself.
The maid wondered if he had frozen to death, though someone had seen him walking around the courtyard just the day before.
Cyril suddenly became aware of the silence. He looked around but saw nothing; there was no sign of Manfred. His expression shifted immediately.
"This is getting stranger and stranger. Manfred is becoming more and more eerie."
"There's a ghost. There must be!" another maid cried out.
The others, equally frightened, began to step back.
Cyril's face turned pale. "Stop talking nonsense! There are no such things as ghosts. Ghosts only come out at night-there's no such thing during the day."
"But... But what if it's Mr. Manfred? What if Mr. Manfred died and turned into a ghost? We've been calling out for him for minutes, and he hasn't comeout. Logically speaking, Ke couldn't have survived so long without food and a blanket. If Manfred really froze to death or starved, what should we say to Mr. Randall?" one maid mused aloud.
Cyril gritted his teeth. "If he's dead, then so be it. My father never cared about him anyway. When have you seen my father here?"
Several maids nodded in agreement. Cyril was right. If Randall Atkinson truly cared for Manfred, he wouldn't have neglected him all these years. He never visited, nor did he allow anyone else to see him, while Cyril's mother, Zea Holland, treated him however she pleased.
Seeing the expressions on Cyril and the maids, Vivian could no longer contain her
anger. She struck Cyril again, unable to stop herself.
They had gone too far.
itze
"Ah! Who is it? Come out now, no matter if you're a human or a ghost! Come out quickly! Do you believe me? I can call a priest, and once the priest arrives, no matter how powerful you are, I'll make sure you disappear," Cyril shouted as he
backed away, trying to sound brave. 
No one had ever hit him this hard before. His entire face burned with pain. He wondered if ghosts could cause such agony.
"Shameless." Vivian sneered.
That sneer made Cyril jump. "Ah! Run, run! It's a female ghost! A female ghost!"
The other maids were also frightened. They had heard it too—a female voice saying "shameless".
The voice was icy cold, colder than the snow in winter.
The maids fled as fast as they could, abandoning the tattered blanket and the bucket of spoiled food.
###chapter1810
Vivian blinked in surprise. They could hear her voice.
Her gaze dropped to the bracelet on her wrist. Earlier, in her anger, it had flickered faintly.
The bracelet, a gift from Manfred, had always felt peculiar. There was an unexplainable connection, as though it responded to her emotions. She suspected that if she wanted people to hear her, they would-and if she didn't, they wouldn't.
A shiver ran down her spine at the thought of making them see her one day, just as Manfred did.
Just then, she heard a voice calling her from behind.
"Ms. Martin."
Manfred's tone carried a trace of joy.
She quickly shook off her thoughts and turned. Manfred stood behind her, his expression calm, though his sharp eyes briefly darted over her shoulder before narrowing with a chilling intensity.
"Cyril came by earlier. Were you resting?" she asked, walking toward him.
Manfred's gaze softened as he nodded. "I just made some lemon tea. Come, try it."
"Sure! I brought you something too."
Back in the room, Vivian sipped the lemon tea. The leaves were from Galaxy Villa, which she had brought the last time she visited.
In recent years, Skylar and Joe had shifted from drinking coffee to preferring tea. Consequently, their home was stocked with various teas, and Vivian gradually developed an appreciation for it as well.
Manfred's lemon tea was brewed perfectly.
"The lemon tea is great. You've brewed it perfectly," Vivian said, narrowing her eyes in appreciation before giving him a thumbs-up.
A faint blush crept up Manfred's ears. "It's the tea you gave me."
"True, but brewing tea is an art. The temperature and the timing make all the difference. I like how you do it," Vivian praised, not holding back her compliment.
Manfred's expression softened at
her praise. Vivian sensed he wasn't used to compliments. The life he had been leading over the past few years was scarcely better than that of a beggar. For a boy barely in his teens, such experiences were deeply scarring. 
His eyes brightened slightly. "I made plenty. Take your time drinking it."
Vivian, feeling thirsty, took another sip.
She then shared what had just happened. "I scared them off. They probably won't bother you for a while," she said, recalling the tattered blanket and spoiled food. Those people were downright awful.
Manfred appeared to be deep in
thought. For a fleeting moment, his expression.darkened briefly, a shadow of something cold and unyielding flickering in his gaze. But when he looked back at her, bis demeanor was calm once more.
"They won't come back anytime soon," he said. "But if you see them again, don't bother scaring them."
To him, they weren't worth her energy. They didn't deserve to affect her in any way. Manfred had his own plans for dealing with them.
"Okay," Vivian agreed.
She moved to the window and gazed outside. A sudden thought struck her. "Once you leave here, maybe I could go with you and see the world. Do you want to leave?"
Her words hung in the air. She believed Viola had brought her here for more than just helping Manfred Her intuition told her that as soon as they left this place and ventured into the wider world, she would find Skylar and Joe. 
"Do you think I should leave?" Manfred asked.
Vivian nodded. "I think you deserve a bigger world. We're still young. We should have the courage to chase our dreams, one step at a time. Manfred, I know you can do it!"
###chapter1811
Half a month had passed in the blink of an eye.
Vivian had been staying at Galaxy Villa for the past two weeks, and today, she was finally going to visit Janine. Steven's son, Jamie Sullivan, would join her and the others.
Harvey had come to pick her up. Though Vivian could drive and was even an avid participant in racing competitions—she had never shared this with Janine and the others, worried they'd fret over her safety. She loved the thrill of speed.
However, Janine and the others were always anxious that something might befall her, just as it had with Skylar and Joe, who had mysteriously vanished.
As they drove, Harvey played some soft music.
"How's the past half-month been?" Harvey asked.
Vivian smiled. "With Edgar looking after me, every day has been wonderful. But I've really missed all of you these past few days."
"You little sweet-talker," Harvey teased. "If you missed us so much, why did it take you this long to visit your Grandma?"
Harvey saw right through her. She had always been that way-her words were always as sweet as honey whenever she spoke to anyone.
Vivian grinned, unbothered by his teasing. "Grandma and Grandpa were on vacation. They only got back a few days ago, and I didn't want to intrude. Besides, I can't always be in the way of you and Ms. Swanson, Uncle Harvey. You're about to get married. I'd hate to be a nuisance."
She knew how much they cared for her, but they had their own lives to live, and she didn't want to be a burden. It was time for her to grow up and learn to face and solve her problems on her own.
For a moment, Harvey didn't know what to say. He understood how sharp Vivian was-she didn't want them to worry. At just 18, she was already carrying herself with the maturity of an adult.
"Hey, isn't that Ms. Stevenson?" Vivian asked, pointing toward two figures walking arm-in-arm toward a restaurant.
The woman, who appeared to be in her 30s due to her impeccable upkeep, was actually over 40-just a few years younger than Skylar.
Harvey gave them a quick look. "It probably is."
"She reached out to me not long ago," Vivian said, her tone thoughtful. "She didn't believe my parents were really missing."
Vivian recognized Beata immediately. Over a decade ago, Beata had approached Skylar at a mall, boldly declaring her interest in Joe. Skylar, unbothered, had merely laughed, telling Beata that plenty of women were interested in him. 
In a fit of pride, Beata had vowed to win Joe over, only to be rebuffed so thoroughly that she was forced leave Jipsburg entirely. Yet two years@go, she returned-this time with another man-and still seemed fixated on Joe, determined to
confirm whether he and Skylar were truly gone. 
She had confidently declared that every man she had ever set her sights on was hers-except Joe. Vivian had been taken aback at the time, puzzled by Beata's belief that all men should revolve around her.
The years had passed quickly. The youthful pride that once radiated naturally now needed injections to sustain its shine. Watching Beata now, there was an unmistakable affectation in her mannerisms.
Shaking off the thought, Vivian focused on the fact that she would soon be meeting the rest of her family, and a new thought occurred to her. "I heard Jamie has a girlfriend now. Have you met her, Uncle Harvey?"
Harvey didn't seem to care much. "Jamie is the only playboy in our family. I've met at least three of his girlfriends. Which one are you talking about?"
Vivian couldn't help but twitch her lips. Harvey's sharp wit hadn't dulled one bit. But he wasn't wrong-Jamie's reputation preceded him. Since high school, he had been surrounded by admirers.
Some even said his presence had distracted others from their studies. College only amplified his popularity, with girlfriends coming and going so frequently that it was hard to tell if he ever truly cared for any of them. 
###chapter1812
Fortunately, Jamie had always been sincere with his family.
At that moment, the bracelet on Vivian's wrist began to glow faintly, its warmth seeping into her skin. She furrowed her brows, her thoughts immediately turning to Manfred. They had seen each other just days before, and the bracelet never activated without reason.
"Uncle Harvey, I need to use the restroom. My stomach hurts," she said, immediately stopping Harvey.
Harvey glanced at her, concerned, and immediately pulled the car over. "A stomach ache? There's a hospital nearby. Should we stop there?"
Vivian shook her head, clutching her stomach with a pained expression. "No need for that. I think it's just the ice cream I had earlier. It upset my stomach, but I'll feel better after using the restroom. There's a public restroom over there. I'll be quick. Don't worry."
Noticing her urgency, Harvey gave a quick nod. "Alright, go ahead. I can't stay parked here for long. I'll find another spot."
"Okay!"
As soon as she stepped out of the car, Vivian made her way toward the subway station. Once inside the restroom, she vanished.
When she reappeared, the world around her was shrouded in darkness. The air was thick with the pungent scent of blood, sharp and unmistakable. This wasn't Manfred's place.
Vivian quickly pulled out her phone and turned on the flashlight. The faint beam revealed a pile of wood and hay scattered across the floor. Then, her eyes landed on a figure sprawled nearby.
The person's back was marred with whip marks, the wounds raw and oozing. The strong scent of blood came from them.
Vivian felt her heart drop. Her instincts told her this was another person who needed her help-someone new-but a wave of confusion overwhelmed her. How had she come to be here?
She stepped closer, her light falling on the man's profile. Her breath caught in her throat.
"Manfred!"
It was him. She couldn't believe he was so gravely injured and confined to this place.
The room resembled a storage shed,
a space often used for punishment
in Manfred's era. Her mind raced.
ac
Manfred have endured
these past few days?
But now wasn't the time to dwell. His injuries were too serious, and the shed
offered nothing but cold and emptiness.
He still wore the same ragged clothes from before, now stained with blood, a grim testament to the wounds hidden underneath.
"Who did this to you? Stay here. I'll get some medical supplies. Hold on, Manfred," she murmured.
She then took off her cashmere coat and quickly draped it over him. She carefully looked him over. He lay on a bed of straw, the only thing serving as a cushion beneath him. 
The most pressing concern was tending to his wounds. Until then, the cashmere
coat would at least provide some warmth.
With that, she left.
Moments later, Manfred began to stir. His eyes slowly opened, but the world around him remained
shrouded in darkness. Yet, for a brief moment, it seemed as though a flicker of light had crossed his vision. In a weak voice, tinged with hope, he murmured, "Is she here? 
But there was no answer. His heavy eyelids fell shut again, and he drifted into unconsciousness.
###chapter1813
Vivian returned to the subway restroom and immediately dashed out. She didn't go to find Harvey. Instead, she called him, explaining that a classmate had an emergency and she needed to return to campus. She added that she might not visit Janine tonight and promised to go the following day.
After ending the call, she went straight to a pharmacy and grabbed a blanket from a nearby store. There wasn't time to buy anything else; the priority was to get medicine to treat Manfred's injuries.
When she returned to the storage shed, Manfred's breathing was even fainter than before.
"Manfred, I don't know if you can hear me, but you have to hold on! You have to, no matter what!" she pleaded.
Without hesitation, she took off Manfred's tattered clothes. The whip marks on his back stood out starkly under her flashlight. Some wounds were so deep that raw, torn flesh lay exposed.
The sight was enough to make her stomach churn. She had never dealt with injuries of this severity. From childhood, Vivian had been sheltered by her parents and those around her.
Her worst injuries had been scraped knees or small cuts that bled a little-nothing that left scars. But this... Manfred's wounds were horrifying.
In addition to the fresh whip marks, his body was a canvas of old scars, a testament to past suffering. Her chest tightened painfully at the sight.
The medicine she brought could only treat the fresh wounds, not the old scars. Even with the best treatments, those scars would never fully disappear. The damage was far too extensive.
Tears welled up in her eyes as she carefully cleaned and dressed his wounds. Once she was finished, she glanced at Manfred again.
His face was as pale as a sheet.
She hoped the treatment would ease his pain. With the IV drip administering medicine, he might recover faster.
She wasn't sure whether it was her increasing familiarity with him or mere chance, but her time in this place seemed to drag on with every visit. Yet, lingering too long brought with it a strange, unsettling feeling.
She realized she had been there for over an hour and a half-far longer than usual. Yet, Manfred still hadn't woken up.
Vivian glanced at the empty IV bottle. She quickly cleaned up, packed her supplies, and prepared to leave.
Just as she was about to step out, his eyes fluttered open.
Seeing him awake, her face lit up
with relief "You're awake! I've cleaned and dressed your wounds. These are medicines for you to take one in the morning and one at night. They'll help prevent infection. 
"I know you can't apply the medicine yourself in your current state, so I'll try to come back tomorrow. If I can't make it, be here the morning.
after. Also, I left some food net
water in your sleeve. Eat when you're hungry." 
"You..." he began, but she was gone before he could finish his thought.
Manfred stared at the spot where she had stood moments ago, the light in his eyes dimming. He could feel the careful attention given to his wounds. 
For years, his injuries had always healed on their own, neglected and ignored. This was the first time someone had cared enough to treat him.
And yet...
His expression suddenly darkened. He knew better than anyone how severe the injuries on his back were and how hideous.
Layers of old scars crisscrossed with fresh, gruesome wounds. The sight of them was enough to make anyone recoil in disgust.
The thought of Vivian seeing those scars made his jaw tighten.
For the first time, fear crept into his heart-not from pain or beatings but from the possibility that Vivian might never come back.
###chapter1814
Manfred couldn't help but wonder if Vivian had been frightened by the sight of his scars.
The hatred he held for those people burned hotter with each passing moment. It was a fire that refused to be extinguished, a consuming force that demanded retribution. He wanted them to suffer to regret their very existence.
Revenge was close, almost within his grasp. He would ensure their entire bloodline paid for their transgressions if he never saw Vivian again. Little by little, they would face the consequences of what they had done to him.
Something at his sleeve caught his attention as his thoughts spiraled deeper into vengeance.
It was food that Vivian had left behind a sandwich, still warm.
The scent carried a trace of her presence, a fleeting comfort in his bleak world.
The suffocating hatred gripping his heart began to ease. Slowly, he unwrapped the sandwich and took a bite. He savored the taste and the warmth it brought, then washed it down with water.
The blankets around him added to the comfort, their warmth seeping into his body.
"I'm sorry you had to see me like this, at my worst," he murmured.
If he had the choice, he would never let her witness him in such a vulnerable state again. He wanted her to see him strong, whole, and unbroken.
...
The next day, Vivian tried to return to him but was unable to make the trip. Still, she held on to a quiet hope. Just because she couldn't go today didn't mean she wouldn't be able to in the future.
At first, she could only stay for half an hour, but yesterday, she managed to stay for almost two hours. So, things could change. It was just a matter of time.
Since she couldn't visit, she decided to prepare instead. She went to the pharmacy and bought extra supplies for Manfred, including medicine he might need later.
The following morning, she woke early, her preparations complete, and made her way to see him.
Manfred was still in the storage shed. This time, though, sunlight streamed through the cracks, illuminating the cold, unwelcoming space. However, she didn't speak immediately because she overheard someone outside. 
"Mr. Randall sent me to ask if you know what you did wrong," a maid said, her tone sharp and
condescending. "If you have, go kneel before Mrs. Atkinson and Mr. Cyrifto apologize. Otherwise you'll
stay
in the storage shed a few more days." 
Though Vivian couldn't see the maid, the venom in her voice was unmistakable.
She seemed to relish Manfred's suffering, her words dripping with contempt.
No one seemed to care about Manfred's injuries. It was cold outside, yet they still threw him into the shed as if they wanted him to die there.
Anger flared in Vivian's chest. She reached for the door, ready to confront the maid, but Manfred's hand caught her wrist.
He had known she was there the moment she arrived.
There was something about her presence that didn't belong here—a subtle, refined scent that was calming and comforting.
Looking at Manfred, Vivian said, "This is ridiculous. I'll take care of her."
Manfred shook his head, his lips curving into a faint, gentle smile. "No need. It would only dirty your hands."
He would handle these people himself, one by one. There was no need to involve her.
Her hands were too delicate, her fingers too fair and pure. Even the thought of a single drop of someone else's blood touching her made his fury rise. If anyone dared to stain her, they would pay dearly 
###chapter1815
Vivian's eyes gleamed with mischief as she whispered, "Next time, I'll bring something—something just for hitting people. That way, I can keep my hands clean and still make them pay for you."
Her mind was already spinning with ideas. She would concoct something that caused painful, itchy welts to bloom across their skin, making them suffer the same torment they had inflicted.
Manfred smiled and nodded. "Sounds good."
Their eyes met, and a silent understanding passed between them. Outside the door, the maid remained unfazed, receiving no response from Manfred. She was accustomed to his silence.
Getting him to speak was nearly impossible, especially now that he was hovering on the brink of death.
No one had bothered to summon a doctor for his injuries despite being beaten so brutally by Randall Atkinson. He might even end up a cripple after this. He was no more valuable to them than a maid-perhaps even less so. A broken, useless man wasn't worth the trouble.
"If you still won't answer, then I'll assume you still don't understand what you did wrong. We'll leave you locked up for a few more days. Just three more days, and maybe then you'll figure it out."
The maid's voice faded as her footsteps receded.
Once the maid was gone, Vivian immediately turned to Manfred. "Sit down and take off your shirt. I need to check your wounds. I wasn't able to come yesterday, but I have a feeling I'll be able to come every day from now on."
Manfred stiffened at her words.
Seeing him remain still, Vivian asked, "What's wrong? Your wounds need to be re- dressed, or they might get infected. Don't worry. It won't hurt too much. I'll be very gentle."
"The wounds are already healing. There's no need for more treatment." Manfred avoided Vivian's gaze, his ears turning red with embarrassment.
"There's no way they're healed. Those wounds were serious. Sit down and let me disinfect them properly."
Her tone was soft and unyielding.
Show net
She wasn't going to let him suffer in silence anymore. She didn't care how he'd managed on his own before. Now that she was here she wouldn't let him face all of this alone. 
SWI
If the wounds were treated properly, even if scars remained, they wouldn't be as severe. More importantly, it would reduce the risk of infection and the pain that comes with it.
Manfred had no choice but to
remove his shirt, revealing his battered torso. He was filled with
shame. His body should have beat
unmarted, flawless. He feared what
she might think when she saw him like this. 
In the past, he hadn't cared about the scars or injuries. His body was just a tool, and its condition was irrelevant. But now, he wanted to be better for her. She made him want to be whole.
Vivian's hands trembled as she applied the ointment, tears pooling in her eyes. The wounds looked no better than they had days ago, raw and brutal.
"Does it hurt?" she asked, her voice quivering as she worked with care. She had done her best to be as gentle as possible but still feared that Manfred would feel the pain.
Manfred shook his head, his voice betraying no sign of discomfort. "No, it doesn't hurt. I can't feel anything."
Vivian didn't believe him. "How could
believe
it not hurt? can't bear even the
smallest cut. When I was a kid, I cried every time I had to get a shot or have blood drawn. Your wounds are much worse. You need to tell me if it hurts. Don't just endure it." 
His back stiffened, and her words echoed in his mind. "Don't just endure it."
She said not to endure the pain.
His eyes reddened, and a faint vulnerability flickered in them as he murmured, "It's starting to hurt a little now."
"Okay, okay, I'll be more gentle." Vivian's voice softened as she adjusted her movements, trying her best to alleviate his discomfort.
The medicine she had bought today was supposed to help his wounds heal better.
###chapter1816
Vivian spent quite a while carefully applying the ointment before rewrapping the bandages with precision. Once finished, she let out a sigh of relief. "All done. Now, put your shirt on. This storage shed is way too cold."
She had brought along a down jacket for him today. It was bought specifically for Manfred's size.
After Manfred changed into his clothes, Vivian immediately handed him the down jacket. "Try this on. We wear these all the time during winter where I'm from. It's really warm. You can wear it when no one is around, but if someone shows up, just hide it."
She wasn't going to let him freeze.
"Down jacket?" Manfred looked at the down jacket in Vivian's hands, suddenly feeling a little envious of the world she came from-so full of marvels. It was filled with things he had never imagined. Even the blanket she had brought was unusually warm.
"Yeah, try it on. I bought it based on your size. I bet you'll look way better in it than the guys at my school," Vivian said, her eyes sparkling with sincerity.
If Manfred were in the modern world, not even the most popular celebrities could rival him. He followed her instructions and slipped on the jacket.
The long coat offered excellent protection against the cold. It was surprisingly light yet warm, and its design was straightforward.
"How do I look?" Manfred asked nervously, looking at Vivian.
Vivian's eyes lit up when she saw him, and she gave him a thumbs-up. "You look amazing! Wait, you probably say 'handsome' or 'good-looking' here, right? But honestly, in this jacket, you look unbeatable. No one can compare to you! I have my phone with me; let me take a picture for you."
She immediately took out her phone to snap a photo of him. However, when she pulled it out, she could only check the time—no other functions worked.
She thought, "Is the phone not working here?"
"It seems like I can't use my phone here. But don't worry, I've got a mirror with me. I always carry one for touch-ups." Vivian's backpack seemed like a magic box, packed with everything she might need. 
Vivian's love for beauty had been a part of her since she was young, which was why she carried so many things in her bag. She soon found her makeup mirror and immediately handed it to Manfred.
Manfred hadn't seen himself in a mirror for a long time. Even if he had one, it wouldn't have been as clear as the one Vivian handed him. He could even see his pale complexion.
In his current disheveled state, Manfred still appeared handsome in Vivian's eyes. She must have been trying to comfort him, yet he couldn't help but feel a small swell of pride.
When he saw himself in the down jacket, he thought it made him look somewhat bulky. But surprisingly, it fit quite well.
"It's good-looking," he said softly.
"My judgment is never wrong. It seems like it's getting colder here. Next time I visit, I'll bring a down jacket too," Vivian said with a smile.
She had also ordered some period costumes to help her blend into this world. She figured they'd be less shocking than her modern clothes.
Manfred smiled at her. "Alright. Are you hungry? I still have the food you brought last time."
Vivian's eyes widened. "I was in such
a hurry last time. I was only concerned about your injuries. I bought mostly medicines and very little food. It's been over a day, and you still haven't finished it? That's not good! 
"You're injured, and the weather is so cold. You need to eat more. Plus you're still growing, so you need proper nutrition! This time, I've brought my favorite dishes from the hotel. Let's eat together." 
###chapter1817
The dishes were delivered by the hotel last night, and before coming here this morning, Vivian had carefully reheated them so that Manfred could enjoy hot, freshly prepared food.
She had packed everything in thermal bags, ensuring the meals stayed warm even after she had tended to Manfred's wounds. Manfred, who appreciated a good meal, savored every bite.
Before long, the two of them had finished all the food. Vivian then pulled out another bag, which contained several self-heating meals.
"I'll show you how to make these. For the next few days, even if you're stuck in this storage shed, you can still have hot meals whenever you like." Vivian proudly presented the self-heating meals, almost as if unveiling a rare treasure.
She opened one of the packages, revealing its contents. The unfamiliar items might have seemed mysterious to an outsider, and they would never have guessed they contained edibles.
The food was mild and free of spices, carefully chosen to avoid irritating Manfred's wounds.
Manfred quickly caught on. A brief explanation from Vivian on how to make the meals was all he needed to remember the steps effortlessly.
Vivian added, "I also brought you two books. You can read them in the next couple of days.
Her preparations were meticulous. The maid had mentioned that unless Manfred knelt and apologized, he would remain locked in this storage shed for at least a few more days.
Their intent was clear-they aimed to break him down mentally and physically.
Vivian's anger flared at the thought of those tormenting Manfred. She would make sure they paid for their cruelty if she ever met them.
Manfred felt warmth in his chest. He could clearly see Vivian's intentions-to make him as comfortable as possible during his confinement.
"Thank you," he said softly.
Vivian smiled. "No need to thank me."
They chatted for a while longer. Manfred was curious about the world Vivian came from, so she happily shared stories about modern life. To him, her descriptions painted a picture of a paradise, a world so vastly different from his own.
"Your world sounds incredible," he remarked, his voice filled with awe.
Vivian nodded in agreement. "Modern life is very convenient, but sometimes the fast-paced lifestyle can be overwhelming at times."
Her words, full of light and joy, contrasted sharply with the darkness Manfred had endured. His world was one of constant struggle.
Manfred's gaze lingered on Vivian, and his eyes seemed to hint at sadness and
concern.
Noticing his intense stare, Vivian asked, puzzled, "What's wrong? Do I have something on my face?"
Manfred quickly averted his gaze. "No, I was just thinking... What if you never come back?"
His words hung heavy in the air. He had lived his entire life in a world filled with decay-his family, the kingdom, the whole empire.
He feared that the more Vivian knew,
the more
she would come to
despise this place. Eventuallyl
would choose to stay far away from it. 
Vivian paused, caught off guard by his question. "That's something for the future. Who knows, maybe could stay here every day. But for now, let's focus on the present."
Manfred's expression softened. She was right. What mattered was that she was here now.
He never expected someone like
Vivian to enter his life. Her kindness and purity made him want to protect the moments they shared. Yet, he couldn't bring himself to show her his true self, afraid she would turn away if she saw the darkness within him. 
Vivian, unaware of the storm in Manfred's heart, began gathering the containers from their meal.
"I have to go now," she said. "Take care of yourself over the next few days. And please, try not to get hurt again."
Manfred gave her a soft smile and nodded. "I will. Take care of yourself too." With that, Vivian disappeared from his sight.
###chapter1818
The moment Vivian vanished, Manfred's smile disappeared, swiftly giving way to a dark, foreboding presence.
He had completely abandoned any hope for his so-called father. Perhaps this was for the best-there would be no need to hold back when the time came.
That night, the Atkinson residence fell into an eerie stillness. Almost everyone had drifted into sleep.
Then, a blood-curdling scream shattered the silence, echoing from Cyril's room. It was so intense that it roused everyone in the house. The horrifying scream reverberated through the halls, waking even the deepest sleepers.
Instantly, everyone rushed toward Cyril's room, including Randall and Zea.
This was no ordinary noise. The scream was full of agony, not the kind one would expect from a man in his room with a woman-it was far worse. And with each passing moment, the screams grew louder, more desperate.
The terrifying sound paralyzed everyone with fear.
"What's going on with Cyril? Could it be... Could it be a ghost haunting him? The maids have been whispering about a female ghost haunting our mansion," Zea said, her face pale with worry.
She was terrified that the rumors about a ghost haunting the mansion might be true. Cyril was her only support; if something happened to him, everything she had would crumble.
Randall frowned, annoyed by Zea's words. He had been enjoying a rare, peaceful night's sleep when the commotion woke him. He had no patience for such superstitions.
"Stop with the nonsense. What ghost? It's just the maids being foolish. How could you be just as foolish as them?" he snapped.
Zea fell silent, but a deep unease gnawed at her. The maids had all been whispering about a female ghost, and even Cyril had claimed to have heard her voice.
She couldn't shake the thought that perhaps the ghost had returned and was now helping Manfred torment Cyril.
But a mere ghost wouldn't scare her. The priest she had arranged for was on his way to Vlario. Once he arrived, no matter what spirit it was, it would be dealt with and erased from
existence. 
As she moved toward Cyril's room, Zea's mind raced with dark
thoughts, her worry escalating with each step. She thought, "Please, Cyril, don't let this scare you into illness." 
But when they reached Cyril's room, the first thing that hit them was a pungent smell of urine, followed by a thick, suffocating stench of blood. The two odors mingled, sending waves of nausea through the group. 
The maids were frozen, too terrified to move, standing at the door.
"What's wrong with you? Why aren't you checking on Mr. Cyril?" Zea demanded sharply as she pushed past them.
She had been lax with the maids lately, but this behavior was audacious- standing at the door, watching Cyril suffer.
"Ah! Ah! Mom! Dad!" Cyril's cries grew louder when he heard Zea's voice, his screams piercing the air.
The maids exchanged stunned looks, too frightened to meet Zea's gaze. Randall asked impatiently, "What's going on?"
Though he cared deeply for Cyril, Cyril's loud cries and outbursts were improper.
"Ah! My... My..." Cyril was crying so hard he could barely catch his breath.
Zea stepped into the room and immediately froze. Her legs buckled beneath her, and she staggered back, her face draining of color.
###chapter1819
Randall nearly fainted.
"Randall, quickly, send someone to fetch the doctor... now!" Zea's voice trembled with panic.
Over the years, she had cultivated a demeanor much like Randall's-composed, dignified, and always in control. But this time, she was utterly undone. For the first time, she felt completely helpless.
Randall's frown deepened as he took in the scene. "Calling the doctor at this hour? If this turns out to be nothing—" His words faltered when his eyes landed on Cyril lying on the bed.
Cyril's legs were covered in blood. He was bare from the waist down, and the horrific sight revealed the unimaginable—his manhood was gone, replaced by a gaping wound.
"Ah!"Randall's eyes widened in shock, the horror leaving him visibly rattled.
Cyril had lost all sense of reason, his screams piercing the night. "No! No! This is a nightmare! It has to be. A ghost-it's the ghost! It's her!"
Randall no longer cared about the ghostly claims.
"Quickly! Take my insignia and summon Dr. Herrera immediately! Now!" he barked.
The Atkinson residence was thrown into chaos in the dead of night. Cyril's screams echoed relentlessly. In her panic, Zea lashed out at the maids, blaming them for failing to protect her son and allowing such a tragedy to unfold.
Meanwhile, in the dimly lit storage shed, Manfred sat quietly in the shadows, listening to the chaos unfolding in the main house. The frantic cries and anguished wails sounded to him like the sweetest music.
To anyone else, the shed was stiflingly dark, but in Manfred's eyes, a flickering flame burned-bright, intense, and unyielding.
"This is only the beginning..."
By morning, a heavy silence had settled over the Atkinson residence. Elmer Herrera had rushed to the
mansion at midnight, but he left net
after a brief and tense examination. His face was grim as he departed, muttering that even a miracle
worker couldn't fix this. It was
beyond saving. 
That morning, Zea wasted no time sending maids across the city to summon every renowned doctor they could find.
Vlario was home to many skilled doctors known for their miraculous abilities. Yet the maids knew the truth-no matter how brilliant the doctors were, they couldn't restore what had been lost. The best they could do was ease Cyril's suffering. 
Still, none of them dared voice their doubts. Zea and Randall clung to hope, so the maids simply followed orders. But the unspoken truth hung heavily in the air. Cyril was no longer a man.
...
Vivian had originally planned to visit Manfred that day, but her plans were interrupted by a phone call from Hadwin Powell. He said he had something important to discuss and needed her help.
Hadwin, six years her senior, had always looked out for her.
After Skylar and Joe's accident, Natalie often relied on Hadwin and her family for support. When Hadwin called, Vivian couldn't refuse, though a part of her still worried about Manfred.
During the car ride, her thoughts wandered. She absentmindedly stared at the bracelet on her wrist, wondering how Manfred's injuries were healing. His back had been in such terrible condition. 
She also wondered if the Atkinson family had tormented him again.
###chapter1820
Vivian was a bit uneasy, but she reassured herself that everything would be fine. The bracelet seemed perfectly ordinary.
Soon, she arrived at the front of a company building. Hadwin worked there, and within just a few years, he quickly became the vice CEO.
Most people didn't know that Hadwin's father was the Oscar-winning actor Austin Powell, and his mother was a big name in the F&B industry. He was, without a doubt, a true trust fund baby.
She sent Hadwin a WhatsApp message. "I'm here at your company."
Hadwin replied almost instantly. "Did you see a beautiful woman? Long, curly hair, white cropped sweater?"
He followed up with two questions.
Vivian raised an eyebrow and scanned the area. Reflecting on her earlier conversation with Harvey about Jamie being a playboy, she now realized that Hadwin was no different.
He often used her as a shield to break up with his girlfriends. She should've known that this was why he needed her help. Regret washed over her as she stood there.
It didn't take long for her to find the beautiful woman Hadwin had described, standing 32 feet away and looking just as he had mentioned.
She was breathtaking. Her waist was so slim it seemed fragile, and her figure was perfect.
Her legs were long and slender.
Vivian couldn't help but wonder how Hadwin could possibly want to break up with someone like her.
"Later, pretend to be my girlfriend. If you do well, I'll take you out to dinner tonight," Hadwin sent another message.
Vivian rolled her eyes, speechless. She was only 18-barely past her birthday— and Hadwin had already used her as a shield twice. No, this would be the third time.
The poor woman was probably about to face a heartbreak today.
It seemed that Moana Pena, the beauty, had noticed Vivian's gaze. When their eyes met, she raised an eyebrow, intrigued.
Moana rarely encountered someone who could rival her beauty, but the young woman in front of her was clearly younger-probably only 18 or 19. Despite her youthful innocence, her features and figure were naturally exquisite. 
She was even a few inches taller than her.
Her skin was flawless-smooth, fair, and seemingly poreless. She wore no makeup, yet her natural beauty made it impossible to look away.
When two beauties met, there was always a bit of internal comparison. Vivian flashed a smile.
Moana pulled at the corners of her lips. She was already feeling down-Hadwin had just told her he wanted to break up, and now she was facing a woman even more beautiful than herself.
It stung her confidence.
The young woman appeared even younger. She was maybe five or six years younger and radiated such fresh youth that it was almost palpable.
Just then, Hadwin stepped out.
Seeing Hadwin, Moana's eyes filled with tears. She looked at him with a pitiful, almost heartbreaking expression. "Hadwin, you finally agreed to see me."
It had only been a month since they started dating, so she couldn't comprehend how he could suddenly decide that he no longer had feelings for her.
Hadwin, seeing a tearful Moana, showed no emotion and instead turned his gaze toward Vivian.
Vivian's lips twitched as she silently observed the situation. Her expression was one of exasperation.
"Vivian, have you been waiting long? Is it cold?" Hadwin asked, holding a soft, cream-colored cashmere shawl. It looked so warm, the color almost radiating comfort.
autum
Vivian had worn a long coat with a cashmere sweater underneath, so the late autumn chill didn't bother her. She was about to tell him she wasn't cold, but the intensity of his gaze made her nod in understanding. "A little cold." 
Moana, still wearing a crop top sweater, watched them with a face as pale as a ghost. She looked as if she were about to crumble. She confronted Hadwin. "Hadwin, you're breaking up with me because of her, aren't you? When we were together, you said you would only like me. How could you change your mind so easily? She's the one who seduced you, right?" 
Then she turned her fiery gaze on Vivian. "You're not even 20, right? You're so young, and you're already trying to be a mistress? Trying to steal someone else's boyfriend."
###chapter1821
Vivian's expression hardened when she heard the word "mistress". However, her anger wasn't directed at Moana but at Hadwin.
Hadwin felt a pang of guilt and avoided Vivian's gaze.
Turning to Moana, he spoke in a cold, detached tone. "I told you a week ago that we were breaking up, didn't I? Vivian only agreed to be my girlfriend today. You'd better watch your language. I've given you everything you deserve. Are you complaining that I didn't pay you enough for the breakup?"
His words struck like a dagger to the heart. Moana's face was visibly drained of color, and the chill in the air seemed to match the tension between them.
Moana had carefully chosen her outfit to flaunt her figure, hoping to catch Hadwin's eye. But instead, he defended Vivian without a second glance at her.
Her eyes burned with anger, but there was also a hint of shame. She turned away briefly, her voice trembling as she asked, "Is she even 18? Hadwin, are you seriously messing around with a teenager?"
Hadwin's face darkened, his voice icy. "Get lost!" He couldn't let Vivian hear such a disgusting accusation.
Vivian felt the need to defend herself. "I've already had my 18th birthday, and I'll be 19 in a few months."
At her age, in Manfred's time, she would have been considered an adult.
Moana flushed with embarrassment, her anger bubbling to the surface. "You're just tired of me and moved on to someone younger! I misjudged you," she shouted. Her voice was cold, seething with rage.
"If you're so high and mighty, return all the money and gifts I gave you!" he snapped. Hadwin knew exactly what kind of woman Moana was. She spoke of morals, but in reality, she was nothing but greedy, always wanting more.
At his words, Moana fell silent. She stomped her foot in frustration, then turned and stormed off.
Watching her leave, Vivian rolled her eyes at Hadwin. "You made me, a newly- turned adult, pretend to be your girlfriend over and over. Hadwin, can you be any more decent?"
Hadwin quickly tried to appease her. "You wouldn't want me to stay with that woman, would you? After just a few days with her, I realized I felt nothing. How could I stay with someone I don't feel anything for?" 
Vivian, hearing his smooth words, couldn't help but feel exasperated. "No next time," she said firmly.
"Okay, okay, no next time. Wait for me a moment. I'll take you to lunch." He glanced at the time. It was almost noon.
Vivian declined. "I had a late breakfast, and I'm not hungry yet. I have things to do
in the afternoon, so I'm heading back to school."
"But isn't it summer break?"
"Even though it's summer break, I have a lot of experiments to finish, so not much free time," Vivian replied, already heading to hail a cab.
Hadwin had finally managed to see Vivian, so he wasn't going to let her leave just like that. "Come on, it's just one lunch. My mom's coming over too. I've already booked the restaurant, and I told her you'd join us. You're not giving me any respect, and you're not giving my mom any either?" 
Vivian didn't feel like respecting Hadwin's request, but she had a soft spot for Natalie. "Alright, fine," she agreed.
Later, they all had lunch together. During the meal, Natalie kept commenting on how much Vivian had slimmed down. She kept piling food onto her plate and urging her to eat more.
Vivian didn't want to refuse Natalie's kindness, so she ate a little more than usual.
By the time they left the restaurant,
she was feeling stuffed. After
Natalie got into her car and left,
Hadwin glanced at his watch and
said, "It's still early. Let me give you a ride back to school."
"No need, I'll just take a cab to campus."
She was planning to stop by a bakery to pick up a cream cake. Next to the bakery was a shop known for its fettuccine Alfredo, and she thought it would be nice to grab a serving to take to Manfred.
She often craved cake, no matter the mood, and wanted to share it with him.
###chapter1822
Hadwin narrowed his eyes, studying Vivian carefully. "Are you hiding something from me?"
There was something off about her today, an air of urgency as if she were rushing to meet someone. Hadwin couldn't shake the feeling that she might be seeing someone.
Recently, she'd been distant-rarely reaching out, always preoccupied with school or taking solo trips to Dewhurst. The thought of her being in a relationship made him frown.
Vivian sighed in exasperation. "What could I possibly be hiding? Stop overthinking. I'm leaving now."
There were secrets she couldn't share with anyone, like her ability to connect with past and present. It was too strange to be believed.
As she brushed off his question and walked away with such finality, Hadwin felt a pang of unease. It was as if someone had taken a flower he had carefully nurtured, plucking it away for themselves. The feeling lingered, unsettling him.
After a moment, he pulled out his phone and called his younger sister, Tyne Powell.
"Hadwin, what's up? You never call me. This must be serious!" Tyne's voice was laced with disbelief.
Hadwin, Tyne, and Ivor Powell rarely called each other. Hadwin usually found Tyne's incessant chatter unbearable.
"Cut the nonsense. I need to ask you something," he replied, his tone sharp.
Tyne chuckled. "Alright, go ahead. What's up?"
Hadwin asked, "Have you been in touch with Vivian much lately?"
"Just a little. She's been super busy this summer even tried to invite her out for a movie or some
shopping, but she said she didn'et
have time. Why? What's with the sudden interest in her?" Tyne's curiosity piqued. 
"Has she ever mentioned if she has a boyfriend?" Hadwin pressed.
Tyne immediately sensed something was off. "Hadwin, you wouldn't be interested
in Vivian, would you? I'd advise you to forget about it. Even Mom thinks you're a playboy. Don't even think about it.
"Besides, it's perfectly normal for Vivian to have a boyfriend. What college student doesn't date? She's gorgeous. Honestly, when I walk down the street with her, we get stopped by talent scouts wanting to sign her as a celebrity." 
Tyne thought Hadwin had hidden his feelings well. If it weren't for his sudden, serious question about Vivian having a boyfriend, she wouldn't have realized that Hadwin might have feelings he shouldn't have.
"Mind your words, and don't say anything to Mom and Dad," Hadwin said coldly.
Tyne rolled her eyes. "Are you trying to get yourself killed? Mom and Dad would never approve. You'd better get rid of those thoughts."
Without another word, Hadwin ended the call.
He glanced at the traffic light, a realization hitting him that he had never considered before. Vivian had grown up. While he had been focused on her growing, others had been waiting for that too.
Vivian took a cab straight to her favorite bakery and ordered an eight-inch cake. It would take 40 minutes to prepare. With time to spare, she decided to head next door to the pasta shop and stand in line.
The shop was always crowded, a popular spot known for its delicious dishes Despite the long wait, the food never disappointed. After a while, she finally got her steaming hot noodles, and her cake was ready too. s?novel
###chapter1823
Vivian arrived at a quiet part of town, far from the usual bustle, heading straight to meet Manfred. This time, he wasn't in the rundown storage shed or the shabby, isolated courtyard. Instead, he was in a newly furnished room, warm and well- organized.
Since there were others present besides Manfred, Vivian decided to remain silent, holding her belongings and standing quietly by the side.
Seated in the room were Zea and Randall, both with grim expressions. Zea, though well-kept, had a pale, weary complexion. She looked as if she hadn't slept well, or perhaps something was weighing heavily on her mind. The maids stood in silence, heads lowered, not daring to speak.
Manfred stood before her. His new clothes hung loosely on his frame, ill-fitting but still an improvement from when she first saw him. He had gained a little weight and no longer looked as gaunt.
"Manfred, was it you? Did you bring a female ghost to harm Cyril?" Randall's voice was sharp with accusation.
Zea's grip tightened on the armrest of her chair; her face contorted with anger as she pointed at Manfred. "Randall, it must be him! He's always been strange. When he was a child, he said he could see ghosts that we couldn't. As he grew older, he became even more sinister.
"Wherever he goes, misfortune follows. Most brothers protect their younger siblings, but him-he only wishes for Cyril's death!"
Her face twisted in rage at the thought of Cyril never becoming a real man. The idea repulsed her. She had always planned to rely on Cyril in the future.
She was determined not to let Manfred get away with it.
Manfred's expression darkened. "If you suspect me, then go ahead and report it to the authorities."
"Report it? Are you trying to disgrace our family?" Randall slammed his fist on the table in frustration.
He had only two sons, and Cyril, the one he had doted on, was now broken. If this situation became public, it would be a disgrace. He could never show his face in public again.
"Randall, there's no need to ask him. It must be him! Only he could have summoned those spirits to harm people. Use the family rules on him, and let's see if he dares to lie again.
"The priest I hired said our house is haunted, and those spirits must have been summoned by him. If it weren't for these ghosts, Cyril would never have gotten hurt. Cyril was our hope, and now he's been ruined by him!" Zea cried, her tears streaming down her face. 
Her tears had been for show in the past, but this time, her sorrow was genuine. She hadn't slept in days, exhausted and drained. Despite consulting numerous doctors, the prognosis remained the same. Cyril would never recover. He could never live as a normal man again. 
A man who could never live normally was no different from a palace servant. Worse still, Cyril had been crying, screaming that he wanted to die.
Zea was physically and emotionally drained, unable to bear seeing Manfred whom she had tormented for years alive and healthy, while Cyril was a shell of his former self. The hatred in her heart was near to exploding. 
Manfred's expression remained unchanged, as though the accusations from Randall and Zea were meaningless.
Randall's unease grew under Manfred's cold stare. "What's with that look? Do you even know who hurt Cyril?"
Manfred's voice was colder than the snow outside. "You say it's a ghost, so it must be one."
Soon, he would be the very ghost coming to take their lives.
Suddenly, he caught a familiar scent in the air.
###chapter1824
Manfred abruptly turned to look at Vivian.
Their eyes met.
By now, Vivian had pieced together the situation. The middle-aged couple in front of her must be Manfred's parents.
It seemed that something terrible had befallen Cyril, and they were blaming Manfred, trying to force him into a confession. They even dragged ghosts into their accusations.
As Vivian's indignation on Manfred's behalf grew, he unexpectedly turned to look at her.
Her face brightened instantly, and she walked over, her voice soft. "I brought the cake and the pasta we talked about last time."
Manfred's gaze softened as he looked at the bag she carried.
This scene sent a chill down Randall's and Zea's spines. They couldn't recall ever seeing Manfred smile like that. Yet now, after a brief glance at a particular spot, he turned and smiled at an empty chair. The smile was filled with an unfathomable tenderness.
"What are you looking at, Manfred? Are you seeing something-a ghost? Is it that female ghost Cyril mentioned?" Zea asked, her face pale with fear.
Despite asking, she wasn't entirely convinced. If there truly had been a ghost haunting Manfred all these years, she should have been scared out of her wits long ago, not free to torment him as she pleased.
Still, strange things always seemed to happen around him. She wondered how he could have survived all her attempts to starve or freeze him to death over the years.
"Can you really see ghosts? Is that the female ghost the maids spoke of? Who is she, exactly?" Randall demanded, his brow furrowing deeply.
He had never liked Manfred, who had been distant from him since childhood. Unlike Cyril, who always tried to please him, Manfred had grown even more estranged after his mother's death. Now, seeing Manfred's behavior, an inexplicable sense of fear began to rise in his heart. 
At the sound of their voices, Manfred turned his gaze toward them. The tenderness and smile he had shown to Vivian vanished entirely, replaced by an icy coldness.
"There is no female ghost," Manfred said in a low voice.
In his eyes, Vivian was an angel who had descended from the heavens, while Manfred was the true "ghost", a ghost consumed with thoughts of how to end these people's lives.
"You! If you say there's no ghost,
then explain-how did Cyril get hurt? The mansion has guards, and there
are so many maids. How could Cyril have been injured?" Randall O demanded angrily. 
In the entire mansion, only Manfred had a reason to harm Cyril. Randall knew well that Cyril had things Manfred would never have, like a father's love.
He also knew Manfred longed to be close to him but had always been kept at a distance. It was the same way he could never feel any affection for Manfred's mother.
Zea cried out, "It's you! You're the only one in the house who hates Cyril."
"He's getting what he deserves. Instead of wasting time questioning me, you should be focusing on how to silence the gossip in the city.
Right now, everyone in Vlario.ne
probably talking about how Cyril has become useless," Manfred sneered coldly. 
"You! Cyril is your brother! How could you say such things about your brother? Are
you laughing at him?" Randall was livid.
###chapter1825
Manfred shot back, "Isn't that the case?"
He had personally severed Cyril's manhood, and there was no fixing it. No miracle doctor in the world could achieve such a feat. Cyril simply wasn't going to be
saved.
"You... ungrateful wretch!" Randall's face reddened with fury, veins bulging in his neck, but for a moment, he was left speechless. Manfred's words rang too true.
The doctors they had consulted had all said the same thing-even if a divine being descended from the heavens, Cyril would never recover. He would never be the man he once was.
This was something they couldn't report to the authorities. If they did, the Atkinson family would lose all honor, and Cyril would never be able to show himself in public again.
But despite their best efforts to keep it quiet, the rumors had already spread through Vlario. They'd summoned so many doctors that it was impossible for word not to have leaked. The news was out.
The Atkinson family's reputation had never been good. They had always claimed that Manfred had lost his mind after his mother's death and hadn't been allowed to meet anyone for years.
Now, with Cyril rendered useless, their family's reputation was truly tarnished.
Randall quickly realized the consequences of this, and while he hated Manfred, he had no choice but to accept the situation.
Zea's eyes were red from crying as she glared at Manfred. She was seething with rage, wishing she could kill Manfred. "I know it's you! It has to be you. Only you could hate Cyril so much!"
She regretted not finding a way to kill Manfred years ago. If it hadn't been for Randall's warning not to push too far-fearing that if Manfred died and his maternal grandfather came to Vlario, it would cause a massive uproar-they would have killed him by now.
That was why he was still alive.
Manfred's gaze grew cold, and a dangerous tension surrounded him. However, upon noticing Vivian still by his side, he reined it in, allowing it to dissipate.
Vivian regarded Randall and Zea with icy indifference. She was unfazed by their biased accusations against Manfred, her mind already working on her next move.
If they kept talking like this, the pasta would get cold.
She moved toward them. As she closed the distance, their loathing for Manfred became even more evident. They didn't want him to live in peace.
Vivian was angry.
Manfred noticed Vivian moving closer to them and nervously stepped forward as if to stop her.
But Vivian, seemingly sensing his intention, turned and smiled at him. She silently signaled him not to worry.
Manfred was instantly mesmerized by Vivian's smile, completely losing himself in it for a moment.
"You're so smart. It was me who ruined your son! Hehehe..."
Her voice was low, just loud enough for Randall and Zea to hear.
The effect was immediate. Their faces drained of color.
"Ah! A ghost! It's a female ghost! It's that female ghost!" Zea shrieked, leaping to her feet in terror.
Randall, though more composed,
If
bet
it for his status, he might
though he might collapse.
have screamed as well.
Vivian wasn't satisfied with just that. She
making it sound older and
red her voice further, sinister. Content bele net
more to
Vivian thought that wasn't enough. She lowered her voice further, deliberately making it sound older.
"And me... Do you think no one knows what you've done? You'll face retribution..."
"Ah! Impossible!" Randall shouted.
Zea's face turned pale. "No, it's impossible! I hired a priest back then..."

Just moments ago, they had still clung to some semblance of rationality, but now, both of them screamed in unison and collapsed, unable to finish their sentences. 
Shocked to see that, Vivian turned to Manfred.
###chapter1826
Manfred's gaze remained cold as he looked at Randall and Zea, both
unconscious. His expression remained unreadable. Yet, the weariness in his eyes seemed to reflect a world of sorrow, evoking a sudden pang of sympathy in
Vivian.
She moved closer to him, her voice soft. "I've taken care of them for you. They'll be bedridden for days after the scare I gave them."
At her words, Manfred's eyes shifted. He smiled warmly at Vivian.
The maids, who had been slow to react, now panicked as they realized the situation. "Mr. Randall! Mrs. Atkinson!"
"Hurry! Call the doctor!"
"Quickly!"
Amid the chaos, Manfred took Vivian's hand and led her away. They then returned to his modest, secluded courtyard.
"This is the cake I told you about, the one I love the most. And this pasta is still hot; it has just been cooked. Try the pasta first, and then we'll eat the cake together."
Vivian opened the package and gestured for Manfred to sit down.
Manfred noticed there was only one serving of pasta. "Aren't you eating?"
"I had lunch earlier, so I'm not hungry. The pasta for you," she explained with a smile.
"Alright," Manfred replied, slowly eating, savoring every bite. He enjoyed everything that Vivian liked to eat.
"This is delicious, the best pasta I've ever had," Manfred said.
Vivian immediately replied, "I also think this fettuccine Alfredo is incredibly authentic."
Although Manfred hadn't eaten anything today and was a bit hungry, he ate slowly, savoring the taste. He wanted to remember this flavor so that he could make it for Vivian in the future.
Afterward, they shared the cake.
"You're a dessert lover too. Next time I come, I'll bring you all kinds of desserts."
Vivian was surprised to discover that Manfred had quite a sweet tooth. The eight- inch cake, which she had only taken a slice of, was nearly devoured by him.
Manfred's cheeks flushed slightly as he admitted. "Yes, I do like them."
It was the first time he had lost control of his cravings in front of Vivian. Afterward, he got up and walked over to the bedside. He retrieved a wooden box from beneath the bed and brought it to her. s?novel
"This is for you. You can exchange it for your local currency and use it to buy more things. This gold hairpin should be worth quite a bit," Manfred said, not wanting Vivian to feel like she was the only one giving. 
He didn't feel entitled to keep accepting her generosity without offering something
in return. He promised himself that he would do more for her in the future.
When Vivian opened the wooden box, a beautifully crafted gold hairpin caught her eye.
Vivian had a keen understanding of antiques, and she recognized the value of the piece immediately.
"For me? This is too valuable. The food I brought wasn't expensive. This gold hairpin is worth a fortune. You should keep it. You'll have many uses for money in the future."
Manfred was indifferent to such
material things. "This is part of my
mother's wedding gift. Everything in the house, from clothing to
necessities, belongs to her. be taking them back eventually.
Vivian froze for a moment, then asked, "Mrs. Atkinson... She's not your biological mother, is she?"
It didn't make sense that someone would mistreat their own child like that. Moreover, Manfred didn't resemble her at all, unlike Cyril, who looked strikingly similar to Zea.
Manfred nodded. "She's my mother's cousin."
"What?" Vivian was taken aback, her eyes widening in shock.
Seeing her reaction, Manfred quickly changed the subject. "By the way, what's
this cake made of?"
###chapter1827
Vivian had read countless novels, and although her family had shielded her from the harshness of the world, she was not blind to its darker realities.
It suddenly made sense to her why Zea, though a cousin to Manfred's biological mother, had become his stepmother and treated him so cruelly. It was a reflection of human nature-selfish and merciless.
Vivian didn't want to delve further, knowing it would upset Manfred.
"Well, the cake is made with eggs, flour, butter, and chocolate..." Vivan began. Though she wasn't an expert in complex baking techniques, she had attended a few classes and knew the basics.
Manfred listened, intrigued by the unfamiliar ingredients and methods she described. He realized this cake was something special that only belonged to Vivian's world.
A dark gleam flickered in his eyes as the thought crossed his mind.
"I also brought you a few books. You mentioned you were interested in medical texts last time, so I thought you might enjoy this one. It has illustrations of every herb," Vivian said, remembering the books she had packed in her bag before she left.
Manfred opened the book and began flipping through it. The herb illustrations were clear and detailed, capturing every color and shape beautifully.
It was a far cry from the medical books he had seen years ago. This book would make identifying herbs much easier. His eyes brightened with excitement. "This is the best medical book I've ever seen."
"I'm leaving soon. Is there anything else you need? I can bring it when I come back the day after tomorrow," Vivian quickly asked.
Manfred shook his head. "Not at the moment."
As long as she came to see him, that was enough. He didn't need anything more.
Vivian nodded. "Alright, then I'll be going. Take good care of yourself."
"You too."
Once Vivian was out of sight, Manfred slowly withdrew his gaze. He turned back
to the medical book, intent on memorizing every poisonous herb.
Meanwhile, Randall and Zea had already woken up. After the doctor had left, they ordered all the maids out of the room. Despite the calming medicine prescribed, the two of them still felt uneasy. 
"Randall, you heard that, right? There are two female ghosts—two! One... one is... No, I had a priest performa ritual for my cousin back then. She should have reincarnated by now. How could she still be here, turned into a vengeful spirit?" Zea's voice trembled, her eyes wide with terror. 
It seemed everything Cyril had said was true. The priest's words were accurate. He had warned them that there was a ghost in the house, a vengeful spirit seeking revenge for her death. 
For a moment, Randall was rattled, but he quickly regained his composure. "So what if it's a vengeful spirit? We can bring in some powerful priests. I don't believe we can't banish these vengeful spirits," he said coldly.
Seeing Randall remain calm, Zea began to settle down as well. He was right.
That woman had never been a match for her, even while she was alive. She had died at her hands, and even her son had suffered at her hands. There was no way she could harm her now.
But...
###chapter1828
Zea asked, "Then what about Cyril?"
Randall had finally regained his composure and began to think more rationally about the situation. "It probably wasn't the work of some female ghosts or Manfred. He's locked up in the storage shed, hasn't eaten a single piece of bread, and is so weak from hunger that he couldn't have harmed Cyril. This was likely the work of someone. Someone must have hired them to break in."
Zea nodded repeatedly, finding it reasonable.
Randall continued, "We cannot let this matter become public."
"But if we don't investigate further, won't that be unfair to Cyril? He's our only son,"
Zea said, her voice trembling as she thought of her son now rendered useless.
Her anger flared. Her son had been reduced to a helpless state while that wretched woman's son still thrived.
Randall sighed deeply. This was a heavy blow for him as well. "From now on, we'll tell everyone that Cyril is ill and needs to rest and recuperate."
"Does that mean you won't let Cyril go out and meet people anymore?" Zea gasped, realizing that Cyril, the supposed heir to the Atkinson family, could no longer leave the house.
Randall was helpless. "Even if he did go out, people would just mock him. We can't control what others say."
Zea cried out, "Then Cyril will just suffer without any justice? I feel like this has something to do with Manfred. Do you think he found out that you wanted Cyril to be the heir? He might have been upset and hired someone to harm Cyril."
Though she voiced her suspicion, a part of her couldn't shake the feeling that Manfred, confined to the storage shed, was under constant surveillance. He had been trapped there for days, only getting a sip of water now and then. He couldn't possibly have hurt anyone.
"I've told you, it's impossible for Manfred to be involved. He's been confined for years and doesn't have the means to do anything. Even if he resented Cyril, all he could do was harbor ill feelings.
"And even if he was somehow connected to those female ghosts, what could they do? All they can do is scare people," Randall said. He was clear about the situation.
Zea stared intently at him. "Randall, if Cyril can no longer have children, will you make Manfred the heir and let him show himself again?"
"Don't be ridiculous. How could Manfred compare to our son? Don't think too much about it. Go and check Cyril and encourage him to regain his strength," Randall said, avoiding her gaze. He stood up and walked toward the door. 
Zea bit her lip.
Randall reached the door, then turned back to glance at her, letting out a long sigh.
Zea stood staring at the closed door, her expression darkening with each passing moment. She had served Randall with all her heart for many years, and she wouldn't let Manfred take advantage of the situation.
Even if Cyril could never have children, she still had other ways to secure her position.
Everything in the Atkinson family was hers and Cyril's. Manfred could dream all he wanted-he would never take it from them.
...
Vivian realized something when she got home.
School was starting tomorrow, and she had to return to campus for classes.
She still had an experiment left unfinished. A few classmates and her mentor were waiting for her.
She wouldn't have much time to visit Manfred in the next few days. She thought about it and figured the supplies she had prepared for him would be enough for a while.
She figured he wouldn't run into trouble with everything going on at the Atkinson residence. If something did happen, the bracelet would let her know.
So, with peace of mind, she went back to school. The beginning of the semester was always busy. She was running around from morning till night, and by the time she got back to her dorm, it was just for a quick wash-up before sleep. 
A week passed in a blur. Before she knew it, the weekend was here. She had originally planned to head back to Galaxy Villa, but just as she was leaving the campus and heading to the subway, she spotted Hadwin. 
"What are you doing here at my school? Don't tell me you've got a new girlfriend
here?" she asked, looking around.
###chapter1829
Hadwin was the kind of person who was rarely without women around him.
This, according to Natalie, was nothing like Austin. Austin, in his younger years, had been entirely focused on his career. It wasn't until he met Natalie that he fell in love and got married.
But Hadwin was different.
Perhaps because he had been handsome since childhood, he had always been popular with the ladies. Since elementary school, girls showed interest in him, and by middle school, he had girls chasing after him one after another.
In college, he completely let loose, frequently changing girlfriends. Even now, he hadn't broken that habit.
Still, apart from this flaw, he was otherwise fine.
Hadwin's lips twitched at the remark. "I just broke up and have no interest in getting a new girlfriend. Besides, how many decent girls could your university even have?"
Vivian rolled her eyes. "Plenty, but good girls probably wouldn't want to be your 'one-week girlfriend,' either."
"What do you mean?" Hadwin was speechless. Was that how Vivian saw him— some utterly unreliable playboy?
True, his relationships were short-lived-lasting a few days at minimum, a few weeks at most, and never exceeding two months. But in his defense, he often found something off within a few days of dating and lost the desire to continue.
And to be honest, he found it tiresome.
Vivian put aside her teasing tone. "So, are you just passing by?"
"I came specifically to find you. Come on, I know a great BBQ spot nearby. Let's go together, my treat," Hadwin said.
But Vivian had already set aside time today to meet Manfred and had no intention of going out for BBQ with Hadwin. She immediately declined, "You go ahead or ask a friend. I've got plans today."
"Plans?" Hadwin narrowed his eyes.
"Yes, plans. Once I'm done in a few days, we can get together with Tyne and Ivor. I also know another BBQ i place that's really good-some of my classmates have tried it and gave it great reviews," Vivian said 
Hadwin suddenly felt a sense of danger. "What's so important that you don't even have time to eat with me?"
"I'm meeting a friend. We've had this planned for a while, and I can't cancel on him," Vivian replied, dearly concerned about Manfred's current situation. 
With a father and stepmother like his, she couldn't help but worry about how he had been doing.
"A guy?" Hadwin frowned.
Vivian didn't answer and instead said, "I'm off now!"
Hadwin's visit had reminded her of something-she needed to order BBQ delivery.
Though she wouldn't be able to grill it herself, the restaurant-prepared BBQ would still be decent. She'd
bring it to Manfred along with some fried chicken. Dinner for the night
was settled. 
"Wait-" Hadwin's words were cut short as Vivian dashed into the subway, disappearing in an instant.
She was gone just like that!
Something was definitely up. Vivian was usually friendly and cheerful with everyone, but Hadwin could tell when she was particularly invested in someone.
When she mentioned her plans, there was a spark of anticipation in her eyes. It was obvious. Could it be that she was really in love?
"Damn! Who's the bastard?" Hadwin muttered through gritted teeth.
Just then, his mother, Natalie, called.
The cold expression on Hadwin's face immediately softened. "Mom."
"I heard from Tyne that you like Vivian? You're interested in her?" Natalie's tone was outright accusatory.
###chapter1830
Hadwin's lips twitched. "That big mouth Tyne."
Natalie was furious. "What kind of brother are you? Is that how you talk about your sister? She's just trying to save Vivian from you!
"Let me tell you, don't bother Vivian! I always thought that, no matter how ridiculous you are, you'd at least know better than to mess with someone so close to home.
"Do you know how old Vivian is? She just turned 18! And how many girlfriends have you had? If you truly think of Vivian as a sister, then keep your thoughts in check, and don't entertain any inappropriate ideas!
"I called to warn you-stay away from Vivian!"
"Mom, I've been waiting for Vivian for years," Hadwin blurted out, revealing his true feelings.
Natalie couldn't take it anymore. "What the hell! Have you lost your mind? How old was Vivian a few years ago? Are you mentally unwell? Should I find you a psychologist?
"You'd better stop with this nonsense right now! If Vivian's uncles find out about this, they'll kill you-do you hear me?
"And if her parents ever return and find out that a playboy like you is eyeing their daughter, they might even cut ties with me! If you don't want to lose your relationship with me, control yourself!"
Getting scolded and threatened by his own mother left Hadwin utterly speechless. He hadn't expected his own mom to be the first to oppose him.
"Mom, I'm not that bad, am I? After all, I'm a director at the company now."
"Your work ethic may have come from your father and me, but your behavior as a person? Not so much. Should I list all the girlfriends you've had since you were young?"
Natalie wasn't completely dissatisfied with her son. He was her child, after all.
But precisely because he was her son, she understood him better than anyone. Hadwin was irresponsible in relationships and lost interest in women quickly. Hadwin's lips twitched again. "Mom, what if I said I was serious about this?"
"Then drop it. I've watched Vivian grow up. I know exactly what kind of person she is. She won't like you, and you two are impossible. Stop wasting your time on her," Natalie said bluntly.
Hadwin kicked a small rock at his feet, feeling incredibly down. "Fine, I get it."
Natalie softened her tone. "In Vivian's eyes, you're just an elder brother. Don't ruin that. Don't make her afraid to see you in the future, okay?"
Hadwin hummed in acknowledgment, and the call finally ended.
He looked up at the gates of Jipsburg College, his lips curling into a faint, bitter smile.
His mom was right-he knew it
better than anyone. It was precisely because he understood that he had spent years suppressing his feelings, convincing himself not to think about a certain girl. 
He pulled out a pack of cigarettes from his pocket, ready to light one, but stopped when he remembered he was at a college entrance"Right, no smoking," he m
to himself.
As for his feelings for Vivian, he'd have to take some time to figure them out. But right now, he needed to find out if Vivian
s actuall
love. 
Who was the guy she liked?
in
...
On the subway, Vivian ordered some food delivery. She paid extra to have it sent directly to Galaxy Villa.
When she arrived at the villa, the food had already been delivered.
Walking into the house, she immediately noticed the neatly arranged packages on the ground. They must have been sorted by Edgar.
Vivian hadn't been home for a few days, so Edgar would occasionally stop by to help.
The packages contained various items she had ordered whenever something came to mind.
She quickly unpacked everything, organized what she needed, and headed out to see Manfred.
It got dark early where Manfred was. By six o'clock, night had already fallen.
But in his room, a single candle was lit. Manfred was seated at the desk, reading.
###chapter1831
Manfred noticed a sound behind him.
His back stiffened sharply. And he immediately turned around to look.
When he saw Vivian, he thought he was imagining things. He had believed she wouldn't come again. He even thought the figure before him was just a figment of his imagination for a moment.
"What's wrong? Tired from reading? Have you had dinner? If not, let's eat together. I brought grilled meat, fried chicken, and some fruit-there's a very special kind of fruit too."
Vivian was eager to share her favorite foods with Manfred.
Manfred blinked, still feeling like this might just be a dream.
Seeing that he was still staring at her, dazed and uncomfortable, Vivian quickly waved her hand in front of him. "What's wrong? Are you feeling unwell?"
Manfred snapped back to reality and looked seriously at Vivian. Finally, he was certain this wasn't his imagination.
The person in front of him was the real Vivian.
"I'm fine," he said softly, his voice a bit hoarse.
Vivian frowned slightly. "Have you been reading without drinking or eating? Here, I brought lemon water. Have a few sips first."
She immediately opened the bag she had brought, taking out the grilled meat, fried chicken, and other foods, as well as the accompanying drinks.
Since she didn't have much tolerance for alcohol and Manfred was still growing, she didn't buy any alcohol.
Manfred watched as Vivian bustled around in front of him. The desolation in his eyes began to fade, replaced by a spark of life.
He crouched down to help her unpack.
Soon, the table was filled with delicious food. When the lids were lifted, the aroma of the dishes filled the entire room.
Only then did Manfred realize he
hadn't eaten all day. Since morning, he had been engrossed in reading,
Comtely losing track of time.
"I've been really busy these past few days, so haven't had a chance to come see you. Have you just been reading the whole time?" Vivian' handed him a plate and a pair of fork and spoon while casually asking. 
Manfred replied obediently, "I've been resting in between reading."
"That's good! But why do I feel like you've lost weight? Have you not been eating properly?" Vivian trusted her intuition.
Even though Manfred was wearing a down jacket that made it hard to tell if he'd gained or lost weight, his face gave it away.
Manfred felt his heartbeat quicken under her gaze. He didn't want to lie to her, but he also didn't want to make her worry.
When he didn't immediately respond, Vivian understood. "Let's eat first," she said.
"Okay," Manfred sighed in relief. He reminded himself to eat regularly in the future.
Vivian noticed his relieved expression and found it amusing. "Am I that intimidating?" she thought to herself.
"How are you these past few days?" Manfred began after eating about half his meal.
Vivian replied
There's been a lot
going on at school lately, so I've been busy. But it will get better soon, and I'll have more free time. What
about you? Have they been giving you any trouble these past few days?" 
###chapter1832
When Manfred heard Vivian's words, a shadow passed through his eyes. "They're too preoccupied with their own troubles to bother me for now."
"Did I really scare them?" Vivian exclaimed in surprise.
Not wanting her to feel disappointed, Manfred nodded. "Yes, they're feeling guilty and uneasy. Your actions just happened to frighten them. They've been taking medicine and resting these past few days."
It wasn't as simple as them being scared. Manfred had done something as well.
Out of the corner of his eye, he glanced at a few books stacked near the bed. It seemed reading really was useful.
If Vivian wanted those two vile people to fall ill from fear, then they'd best stay sick.
"That's great! After the way they've treated you-spending your mother's money while still mistreating you they deserve punishment! I told you they'd face retribution." Vivian felt like a weight had been lifted off her chest.
These past few days, just thinking about Randall and Zea made her seethe with anger.
Poor Manfred had lost his mother at a young age, with no one to care for him. Instead, he'd been left to endure the cruelty of two heartless individuals.
If she could, she wished Manfred could grow stronger quickly and make those wicked people pay for their actions.
"Oh, I almost forgot! I brought you more books this time-War and Peace, The Thirty-Six Strategies, The Three Kingdoms, and The Rising Tide. You can read them all." Vivian eagerly rummaged through another large bag.
Aside from books, the bag contained food and some medicines.
The weather here was harsh. Even with blankets and down jackets, it was still too cold. She worried that Manfred might catch a cold and had prepared medicine in advance so he could take it if needed.
She also hoped that as he grew older, reading these books would help him gain knowledge, find ways to protect himself, and eventually reclaim what was rightfully his.
"War and Peace, and The Thirty-Six Strategies?" Manfred's eyes lit up.
Though he hadn't heard of these books before, their titles gave him a strong feeling that they would be invaluable to him.
Seeing the gleam in his eyes, Vivian felt her decision to bring these books was absolutely right.
"Yes, take your time with them," she said warmly.
"Vivian, when you leave this time, when do you think you'll be able to come again?" Manfred asked after a moment of calm, his heart sinking at the thought.
She hadn't come for seven or eight days this time-what if it took even longer next time? Or what if she stopped coming altogether?
Vivian thought seriously for a
moment. "For the next half-month, I probably won't be able to come. I'll be tied up at college, so there won't be many opportunities to see you. But brought enough food this time to last you half a month." 
"Half a month..." Manfred lowered his gaze.
Vivian also felt reluctant to leave him. Sometimes, she found it astonishing how quickly habits.
formed. She hadn't known Manfred formed.
for long, yet he had already become someone she cared deeply about. 
"Yes, 15 days isn't that long. Take good care of yourself during that time," she said gently.
After a brief silence, Manfred looked up at the girl with bright eyes and a radiant smile before him. "In 15 days, when you come back, I'll have a surprise for you."
"A surprise?" Vivian's curiosity was instantly piqued. "Yes," Manfred nodded.
Vivian wanted to ask what the surprise was, but she knew that asking too much would ruin the
surprise. So she decided to wait,
already looking forward to their next
meeting in 15 days. '
15 minutes later, it was time for Vivian to leave.
Just as she was about to say goodbye, a piercing, hysterical scream echoed through the quiet night.
"Ahhh! This is a dream! This must be a dream!"
The night was so still, and the mansion so vast and empty, that the desperate
cries carried all the way to the secluded courtyard.
###chapter1833
"Who could that be? It's still early, and someone's already gone to sleep and started having nightmares?" Vivian asked, puzzled.
"Cyril," Manfred replied in a calm, detached tone.
"Oh, it's him," Vivian said, immediately losing interest.
"Yes."
Then, Vivian said her goodbyes and left. She had already stayed quite a while this time.
The grilled meat was genuinely delicious, and her conversation with Manfred had been enjoyable. He was curious about her world, and she had to explain it in ways he could understand.
Most of the time, Manfred simply listened.
Vivian knew why Manfred didn't talk much about his own experiences. To him, most of his memories were painful especially the last few years, when he had been confined and subjected to all kinds of mistreatment.
He didn't want to relive his suffering by sharing it.
After Vivian left, Manfred stood in a daze for a while. His gaze shifted to the two bags on the ground, filled with items that reflected Vivian's care for him.
Yes, she cared about him deeply.
A faint smile appeared on his lips.
After a long moment, he moved the two bags and hid them in the hidden compartment beneath his bed.
Then he returned to his desk. This
time, he didn't continue studying et
medical texts-he had already learned what he needed and put it into practice. 
Now, he needed to dive into the strategy books and absorb their wisdom as quickly as possible. For now, no one was likely to bother him.
As Manfred immersed himself in his studies, Cyril's anguished screams of rage echoed endlessly, nearly shaking the entire estate.
The entire household had been on edge for days. No one dared to laugh or even make a sound for fear of punishment.
On top of that, one disaster after another had struck.
Cyril had been rendered a cripple, unable to function as a man anymore.
Meanwhile, Randall and Zea had been plagued by severe diarrhea for days. Despite calling in multiple physicians and drinking the prescribed medicine three times a day, the situation hadn't improved. 
Every time they ate, they would immediately start having diarrhea again.
After several days of this, the couple was utterly drained. Their legs were weak,
their bodies exhausted, and they were confined to their bed.

Even drinking water caused a strange, gassy sensation in theirs stomachs, which would eventually release, filling the room with
unpleasant odor. 
The servants were miserable, and the couple had never experienced such humiliation in their entire lives.
###chapter1834
The physicians who came to treat Randall and Zea all left covering their noses.
Combined with the recent incident involving Cyril, rumors about their family had spread all over the capital.
However, Randall and Zea were too exhausted to care anymore. They knew these rumors wouldn't be kind.
After finally regaining some strength today, Zea, supported by servants, went to see Randall.
He was lying on the bed, his face ashen, utterly drained.
"Randall, I think we've been poisoned. Someone's targeting us, trying to make our lives worse than death. I suspect it's Manfred-he must resent you and me deeply. Too many strange things have been happening in this house lately, and I'm sure he's behind it.
"The priest told me that the troubles in our home aren't caused by ghosts-ghosts couldn't possibly do all this. It must be a person," Zea said, having been brooding over the matter since recovering some strength.
Randall waved his hand weakly. "Don't bring up Manfred again."
"Should we send Manfred away? He's far too unsettling. Perhaps he's
incompatible with us. He's grown up now, and he must have all sorts of rebellious thoughts.
"Even though he's your only son now, I can still have another child. As for Cyril, he can adopt a child in the future," Zea proposed.
Randall frowned. "Incompatible? What else could he possibly do to us? He's my son. What could he do to me? You're also his nominal mother-his aunt.
"Even if we've mistreated him over the years, he has no right to hold a grudge. With Cyril incapacitated, Manfred is our only choice to represent the family. Everyone must see that we still have an heir."
Zea was stunned. "You want to present him to the public? How... How could you do this? What about Cyril? We still haven't found the culprit who harmed him. What if it was Manfred?"
She didn't expect Randall to place renewed hopes on Manfred, much less so quickly.
"There's no proof it was him. Cyril's arrogant nature makes it easy for him to make enemies. Perhaps someone hired an assassin to harm him. This matter is already embarrassing enough-don't speak of it again!
"I'm unwell and tired. Go back to your quarters," Randall said, effectively dismissing her.
If he were in better health, he might have had the patience to indulge in tender conversations with her. But now, he had neither the time nor the energy.
Moreover, while he might not be fond of Manfred, the boy was now his only viable option.
Zea left with a face full of disappointment.
The servant supporting her didn't dare to breathe too loudly.
Zea gripped the servant's arm tightly, unable to hide her anger and hatred. Once back in her quarters, she finally exploded.
She hurled a cup from the table, sending it flying across the room. "How dare he!"
"Mrs. Atkinson, please calm down!" The two maids beside her dropped to their knees in fright.
i.ne
Zea, her fury unrestrained, cursed, "That wretched woman's son thinks he can rise above my son? My son even with his condition, is still a dragon among men. Manfred wants to take advantage of this? Never! Absolutely never!" 
She was still young enough to bear more children. And even if she
couldn't, she would never let
vel
succeed. Just then, an idea
her. 
"Why didn't I think of this sooner?" Her eyes lit up, a cunning plan forming in her mind.
The two maids, watching Zea's shifting expressions, grew even more terrified.
Zea squinted her eyes. "Get up. I have something for you to do."
"Yes, Mrs. Atkinson. We'll do our best," the maids replied nervously.
Zea gave her instructions in a low voice, "Go to a brothel and bring back two women. They must be beautiful, skilled and can bear children."
Even if Manfred was useless, his body was still valuable. If Randall wanted to continue his family line, she Would make sure Manfred
she
fathered children. fo 
His mother had once overshadowed her at every turn. Now, she would ensure that Manfred's children were born to women of the lowest class.
She would reduce him to nothing more than a plaything for women, turning him into a hedonistic wastrel.
For years, she had treated Manfred like livestock, aiming to extinguish any spark of intelligence in him.
###chapter1835
A few days later, Zea had fully recovered.
Her people had worked efficiently, bringing home two women from the brothel. Both were from Crystal Noir, famed for their women's beauty and grace. Each was more stunning than the other, and both were highly skilled in pleasing men.
"Mrs. Atkinson, these two women were just brought to the Velvet Empire. They've been trained since childhood to please men and are extremely skilled at it. They're fully capable of bearing children," the maid reported.
Hearing this, Zea narrowed her eyes and carefully assessed them.
She had to admit the two women in front of her were truly captivating, like sirens that could ensnare men's souls. Even she couldn't help but steal a few extra glances.
These seductive women, capable of destroying a man's will, were almost too good for Manfred! Even if Cyril were still in good health, she wouldn't dream of giving such beautiful women to him.
"From today onward, you will follow my orders. Do you understand the consequences of disobedience?" Zea asked coldly.
The two women were astute and replied in unison, "We will obey your commands."
Zea nodded. "Since you've been trained from a young age to serve men, I won't need to teach you what to do. Whoever gets pregnant first will be granted fortune, with the chance to get more once you get pregnant.
"Let me be clear-the man you'll be dealing with may be young, but he's cold by nature and likely clueless about relations between men and women. You'll need to use every skill you have to ensure pregnancy."
"Yes, Mrs. Atkinson."
"Good. You may go now."
Once the two women left, Zea turned to Teri Corbyn at her side. "What has Manfred been up to these past few days?"
"Each day, the main kitchen has been sending food to him. Mr. Randall has also sent thick bedding and other supplies, so Mr. Manfred seems to be living well.
"As usual, there's little noise from his quarters. Occasionally, he steps out into the courtyard for a walk but never leaves the premises," Teri reported truthfully.
Zea frowned as she listened.
Though Manfred was young and had endured her torment for years, living a life worse than death under her watch, his pride had never been broken.
That was what she found most unsatisfactory.
She had always hoped to see him crawl to her like a dog, begging her for food like a coward. But years had passed, and Manfred remained unyielding, unchanged in his
defiance. 
This was one reason she suspected him of being behind the harm to Cyril.
With so many incidents occurring in the household recently, she was convinced they were all his doing. Yet Randall refused to believe her and even began to treat Manfred with increasing kindness. 
"I see. Keep an eye on those two women, and make sure they don't cross paths
with Randall. Understand?" Zea instructed.
She knew all too well the weaknesses of men.
While Randall appeared to dote on her and had not taken a mistress since
making her his wife, it was all for the sake of appearances.
Behind, he had taken one beautiful maid after another to bed, leaving her to handle the
aftermath-ensuring the girls were given contraceptives. 
If these two beauties caught his eye, Randall would certainly not let them go.
...
Meanwhile, Vivian had been busy for days. She would be leaving at the end of this term.
Soon, she would embark on her own career path.
Although her parents had left her with enough money for several lifetimes of indulgence, she was determined to carve out her own future.
###chapter1836
Vivian had her own aspirations, and she firmly believed that her parents would return one day.
At 10:00 pm, she returned to her dormitory from the lab.
Most of her roommates were already asleep. After washing up, she was about to go to bed when several messages popped up on her phone.
She opened them and saw they were from her Uncle Harvey.
"Do you have time this Saturday? Your grandma misses you. If you're free, I'll pick you up on Saturday, and we can visit her together."
"Take care of yourself. The weather's changing, and it's flu season. A lot of people are getting sick. If you catch a cold, don't stay at school-come home and rest properly."
Her uncle was a rather aloof person, showing warmth only to family members and doting on the younger generation like her. Besides that, he was quite reserved, especially with colleagues.
Over the years, her parents had introduced several potential girlfriends to her uncle, but he seemed to have been hurt by a past relationship and hadn't pursued love since.
He'd even joked with her and her cousins, saying, "You lot will have to look after me when I'm old."
He'd also mentioned that he planned to pass his business on to her since she was the most talented at gaming among the younger generation. The game development company he founded was perfectly suited for her.
When she heard about his plan, she didn't know how to respond. After all, her uncle wasn't that old-wasn't 41 considered the prime of a man's life? Why had he already resigned himself to staying single?
Her grandma's biggest concerns were her and her uncle. Since her parents' disappearance, her uncle had been most worried about her.
After some thought, she replied, "I'm busy on Saturday, but I'll go to Grandma's on Sunday by myself. Don't let me interfere with your personal time, Uncle Harvey. I heard there's a beautiful lady chasing after you. Is it true?"
Harvey then responded, "Mind your own business, kid. There's no such thing. And don't rush into a
relationship—you're still young. Most boys these days just want to date without taking responsibility Be careful and keep your eyes open." 
Vivian sighed. Why did all her elders still treat her like a child? She was an adult, wasn't she?
But she understood that in her family's eyes, she would always be a child no matter how old she got.
To avoid a long lecture, she quickly replied with enthusiasm, "I'll listen to you, Uncle Harvey! I won't date But you have to listen to Grandma and go on more dates with that lady. 
"Who knows? Maybe in a couple of years, I'll have more cousins. I adore babies-
they're so soft and cute. My dream depends on you to make it come true!"
Harvey didn't give a direct reply to her teasing and simply wrote, "Go to sleep."
Vivian twitched the corner of her mouth. Then, she thought to herself, "Grandma, I tried my best. But Uncle Harvey seemed dead set on being single for life." 
She and Charles had tried every possible way to persuade him, but he remained unmoved. They had run out of ideas.
Setting those thoughts aside, she put her phone away, yawned, and got ready to sleep.
As she drifted off, she vaguely thought about seeing Manfred in a few days.
He was probably busy digesting the books she had given him.
The thought made her lips curl into a smile as she eagerly anticipated their meeting.
Time flew by, and soon it was Friday.
###chapter1837
At 4:00 pm on Friday, Vivian packed her belongings and returned to Galaxy Villa.
She hadn't informed Edgar of her return today. Instead, she planned to tidy up that evening, purchase some items, and bring breakfast to visit Manfred the next morning.
For breakfast this time, she chose a special milk tea with buns.
The hotel would deliver the meal early in the morning, and a set of custom-made clothes she recently ordered from a tailor would also arrive soon.
She had tailored a vintage outfit both for male and female. She intended to wear the vintage dress when visiting Manfred.
That night, when she lay down to rest, she found herself unable to fall asleep, tossing and turning. Perhaps it was the anticipation for the next day.
"Manfred, I hope you've been taking good care of yourself. Please don't let me down."
Under the cold crescent moon, the Atkinson residence was eerily silent.
Manfred sat alone in the flickering candlelight, engrossed in the book he held. Although he had already read the book twice, he still felt he hadn't fully grasped its contents.
Since the morning, he had been sitting in the same spot, reading intently. Before he realized it, night had fallen.
If not for his stomach growling repeatedly, he wouldn't have noticed his hunger. Suddenly recalling Vivian's instructions before she left, he set the book down and stretched as he stood up.
He opened the door and found a food box left on the doorstep.
Over the past few days, the main kitchen had delivered three meals a day, with well-balanced and rich dishes. He knew exactly why this was happening.
As expected, despicable people always made choices that benefited themselves. He was well aware of what his old man, Randall, wanted.
"Old bastard, you've lived long enough."
After closing the door and bringing the food box inside, Manfred glanced at it, his eyes dark and his demeanor cold.
When he opened the food box, the dishes inside had already gone cold. He raised an eyebrow but didn't care much and started eating.
Although there was still plenty of food left from Vivian's last visit, he couldn't bear to eat it. Sometimes, he would just take it out to look at it.
For him, eating was just a means to fill his stomach. Since there was food for that purpose, he didn't want to waste what Vivian had left for him.
After a few bites and some tea, he felt half-full. He casually tossed the plates back into the food box and threw them outside before returning to his book.
Not far outside the courtyard, Rhea Robertson noticed that the light in Manfred's room was still on. She turned to the two women beside her and said, "You know what to do next, don't you? 
"Mr. Mandred's food tonight was spiked. He'll soon be as wild as a wolf.
"You've both been trained since
childhood to serve men. Tonight et
use all your skills to make him completely addicted to you. Ideally, he should be unable to live without you. 
"Once you're pregnant, you'll be halfway to becoming mistress of this household. Tonight is your chance for wealth and status. Do you understand?"
The woman in purple replied softly, "Yes, ma'am. Don't worry. I will ensure he is satisfied."
The woman in yellow echoed her, "Rest assured, ma'am. Over the past few days, we've observed his temperament.
"He seems introverted since he
never leaves his room. Men like him
are often the most vulnerable to
women's advances. Tonight, we'll make sure he's well pleased."
Rhea was pleased. "You're both very clever. Good. By now, the drug should have
taken effect. Go serve Mr. Manfred."
"Yes," they replied in unison.
At that moment, Manfred, who had been reading, suddenly stiffened. An unfamiliar sensation surged through his body like a beast, overwhelming him.
###chapter1838
Manfred's throat felt like it was on fire. It was as if his entire body had suddenly ignited in flames.
So, he hurriedly gulped down a mouthful of cold tea.
The icy liquid slid down his throat, offering only a fleeting moment of relief before the burning sensation surged back, engulfing him completely. Even the chilly temperature of the room couldn't suppress the ferocity of the sensation.
Uncontrollably, his mind began to conjure images of Vivian. Her every movement, her every smile, expanded and replayed endlessly in his mind.
"The food was tampered with!"
Manfred bit down on his lip, the sharp taste of blood spreading in his mouth. The metallic tang was strong, yet it couldn't suppress the primal desires surging through his body.
However, reason prevailed for the time being.
While his rationality remained intact, he hid all traces of Vivian in the room. He also removed his down jacket and changed into the clothes Randall had sent him.
The scent of the new clothes was unfamiliar and unpleasant—a rotten, decaying odor, like an insidious temptation to descend into depravity.
It filled him with disgust, much like the disdain he felt for being Randall's son.
The flickering candlelight swayed erratically, mirroring the chaos in his heart.
Caught between the urge to indulge and the need for restraint, he found himself consumed by a maddening desire to see Vivian.
"Vivian... Vivian..."
Just then, there was a knock at the door. The sound was soft yet insistent.
Sweat already coated Manfred's forehead as he turned to look toward the door, his gaze unfocused and dazed.
"Is it you?"
Outside, the two women waited but received no response.
Exchanging a glance, one of them cradled a guitar and began playing it just outside the door, her voice joining in a hauntingly seductive melody.
In the cold night, the woman's melodious singing was irresistible, a siren's call in the quiet.
Not far away, two household staff watching the scene whispered to each other, stamping their feet against the cold.
"Why is Mrs. Atkinson suddenly
being so kind to Mr. Manfred? These two women are like
goddesses-beautiful and
enchanting. My heart is racing just
watching them! Mr. Mel
lucky!" 
is so
"What do you know? He has never been with a woman before. If he gives in tonight, he'll probably crave women every day from now on! And these two women? They're trained to seduce men. No one can resist them." 
"Tsk, tsk. If I ever get married, I'd want a wife who knows how to serve me like this!"
"Haha! If I had a wife like that, I'd never want to get out of bed in the morning!"
They continued their low conversation, stealing glances at the door, which remained firmly shut.
"Isn't Mr. Manfred a bit too good at resisting?" one muttered.
"I'm already, uh, reacting. I might have to go to the restroom to take care of myself. Didn't they say Mr. Manfred was drugged? How's he still holding out?" 
"He's inexperienced. He doesn't understand it yet! But I bet he's about to lose control."
And sure enough, just as the words left their mouths, the tightly shut door finally opened.
Both of the household staff froze in surprise, then exchanged knowing smirks.
"Mr. Manfred is in for a good time tonight!"
"So envious!"
###chapter1839
"Vivian..."
The moment Manfred opened the door, his gaze landed on the singing women outside. He murmured the name "Vivian" softly, his vision blurred and unfocused.
In his haze, the women before him seemed to transform into Vivian.
"Is Mr. Manfred fond of the name Vivian? Then I shall call myself Vivian from now on," said the woman in purple.
Not to be outdone, the woman in yellow added, "Mr. Manfred, why not grant me a name as well?"
As Manfred stared at the two women, the redness in his eyes gradually faded, clarity returning to his gaze. "Who are you?"
"It's so cold outside. Would you allow us to come in and explain, Mr. Manfred?" the woman in purple said sweetly.
The woman in yellow chimed in with a soft, delicate voice, "I feel like I'm freezing. Please take pity on us, Mr. Manfred, and let us inside."
Their voices, tender and beguiling, seemed to carry hooks with every word, the kind that would make any ordinary man surrender without resistance.
They could charm their way into someone's heart.
But Manfred slammed the door shut.
Staggering, he made his way back to the table and drained the entire teapot of cold tea. Still, the fire raging within him refused to be extinguished.
Just then, the two women pushed the door open and stepped inside.
Manfred hadn't locked the door after closing it, so they boldly entered.
"Mr. Manfred, we know you're feeling unwell and in discomfort. Let us help you. You won't feel so bad soon," one said.
"Yes, Mr. Manfred. You must feel so warm right now. Let us ease your suffering. We'll make you feel so comfortable tonight, you'll never want it to end," added the other.
As they spoke, they began to undress, baring their smooth shoulders and slender waists...
Vivian didn't know when she had fallen asleep, but she woke suddenly in a half- dream, half-awake state with an overwhelming sense of panic.
In her dream, she seemed to see Manfred being tormented-suffering unbearable agony.
"Manfred!" she cried out anxiously. Her own voice startled her awake.
For a moment, she was dazed, unsure if she was still dreaming. But the cold sweat soaking her back and dampening her sleepwear told her otherwise.
Taking a deep breath, she tried to calm herself.
In the dream, Manfred had been whipped, humiliated, and tormented, leaving her furious, wanting to teach his tormentors a harsh lesson.
It felt so real as if she had been there.
As she prepared to get up for a drink of water, the bracelet on her wrist
began to glow faintly, emitting a familiar
warmth-the same sensation she had felt before when Manfred was injured. 
This time, the unease in her heart grew stronger.
"Manfred, could something have happened to you? Wait for me!" She closed her eyes tightly and focused her thoughts on him, silently repeating his name in her mind. 
When she opened her eyes again, an icy wind hit her, chilling her to the bone.
In her haste, she hadn't dressed appropriately. She was still in her thin, long- sleeved sleepwear, and Manfred's room lacked any form of heating.
Yet the cold was the least of her concerns.
What she saw next left her completely stunned.
Two nearly naked women were surrounding Manfred. They weren't on the bed but standing near the door.
She couldn't believe her eyes.
Manfred's clothes were almost entirely ripped off, and the two women were
shamelessly flirting and teasing him.
"Mr. Manfred, the pleasures of a
man and a woman are truly wonderful. Once you try it tonight, you'lDnever be able to stop," one of
the
women said in an alluring voice. 
###chapter1840
"Yes, Mr. Manfred, don't hold back any longer. Resisting this will harm your body," the two women coaxed.
Their figures were strikingly alluring-voluptuous in all the right places, with fair skin that seemed to glow in the candlelight. It was a scene of undeniable allure, exuding a mesmerizing beauty that could easily captivate any onlooker.
Vivian had never witnessed anything like this before.
Although she was a modern woman who had attended biology classes, seen various TV dramas, and even recently watched a few action films, she had never encountered such a scene firsthand.
For a moment, she was utterly stunned, frozen in shock. It took her a while to process what was happening.
"Get... out..." Manfred's voice was strained, filled with a mix of suppressed agony and a hint of murderous intent. His eyes were bloodshot, glowing with intense redness.
It was clear he was enduring extreme suffering.
"Mr. Manfred, we're here to serve you. You're feeling so uncomfortable right now -why endure it? We can make you feel completely at ease," one of the women said seductively.
"Yes, Mr. Manfred, stop resisting," the other chimed in.
Both women were astounded. They had never encountered a man who could retain his composure for this long after consuming the drug. Normally, it would obliterate all restraint, leaving men utterly at its mercy.
Yet here they were two beautiful women working together to seduce Manfred.
Despite all their tricks and seduction, even with their clothes already discarded, Manfred stubbornly clung to his sanity.
They couldn't understand why he was resisting-why he would choose to endure such pain.
There were two stunning beauties right in front of him, and yet he remained unmoved.
They refused to believe it, as it was a blow to their pride and skills.
After a moment of shock, Vivian snapped back to her senses. She quickly pieced together the situation.
Someone had drugged Manfred and sent these two women to seduce him. But despite the drug's effects, his sheer willpower had kept him in control.
Even with two women trying everything to tempt him, he had gritted his teeth and held onto his rationality.
Without hesitation, Vivian strode forward.
She knocked out both women with precise, swift strikes. Her movements were clean and efficient.
Having been trained from a young age, she was skilled in close combat and knew exactly where to strike to disarm someone quickly. She also knew how to knock them out without causing permanent harm. 
Although she had never thought she would use such techniques on women, the situation left her no choice.
Manfred was momentarily stunned, watching the two women collapse before turning his gaze to Vivian.
"Vivian..." He wasn't sure if she was real or a figment of his imagination.
Ever since the drug had taken effect, his mind had been filled with thoughts of Vivian-her face, her scent, her presence.
The scent of the two women was revolting to him, making his stomach churn. The closer they came, the more his mind cleared.
They claimed to be Vivian, but they were not.
Vivian's scent was pure, calming, and could cleanse his soul. The scent of these women was steeped in decadence and corruption.
"Vivian..."
His bloodshot eyes brimmed with vulnerability, and his chiseled features showed a rare trace of grievance. "I feel terrible..."
Vivian didn't fully understand what it felt like to be under such a drug, but seeing Manfred's flushed, pained expression made her heart ache. She nodded empathetically 
"I know you're in pain. Let me help you up and get you to bed. Wait here, and I'll
go fetch some medicine, okay?"
The basement of her home had a cabinet stocked with various
medicines, regularly replenish net
by
Howard. Surely, there would be something for this situation. 
As Vivian moved to help him up, Manfred suddenly grasped her wrist with a fiery
grip.
His palm was scalding hot.
###chapter1841
"Vivian, I feel terrible..."
Manfred's voice was filled with grievance and restraint, tugging at the heartstrings of anyone who heard it.
Vivian felt the intense heat radiating from his palm. She spoke to him softly, soothingly, as if comforting a child. "Let me help you up first, then I'll go get some medicine. Once you take it, you'll feel better."
Manfred gazed at her, the flames in his heart growing uncontrollably, spreading like wildfire and consuming his thoughts. He couldn't suppress the overwhelming urge to possess the person before him.
He wanted to taste her soft, rosy lips, to be close to her, to hold her, to make her his. He wanted to trap her by his side, never letting her leave again-never having to wonder if he would see her another day.
These thoughts flooded his mind uncontrollably.
But reason whispered another truth in his ear. He couldn't treat her this way. He couldn't be so beastly, so despicable. She would hate him.
If she left, she wouldn't come back anymore.
"Would you hate me?" His voice was hoarse, his question cautious and fragile.
He knew he must look terrible right now, exuding an uncontrollable air of desperation and decay. How could she not hate him? Even he hated himself.
Vivian froze for a moment, but without the slightest hesitation, she replied, "How could I ever hate you?"
Though he appeared thin, leaning against the wall, his weight was substantial. It took all her strength to help him up.
But he was burning hot. Despite his clothes being half-torn and the room being freezing cold, his body radiated heat like a furnace.
She felt much warmer as he leaned against her.
Manfred caught the faint, delicate fragrance emanating from her a scent that made his reason falter. Her soft hair carried the same fragrance.
As her strands brushed against him, he could hear his own heartbeat pounding in his ears. A voice within him @rged, "Take her. You'll feel better if you do." 
2V
Yet another voice, like an alarm bell, warned him, "You can't. If you do, you'll lose her forever."
When they finally reached the bed, Vivian found herself pinned beneath him.
Both of them froze in place.
Vivian felt her heart skip a beat.
Manfred, on the other hand, clearly felt the contours of her body
that Beckoned him to lose control entirely. 
pressed against his-a, net
"You..."
Suddenly, Manfred tightened his lips and shoved her away with all his might. "I can't hold back much longer. I'll... I'll hurt you."
Vivian stumbled backward from the force, barely steadying herself after nearly falling to the ground.
She stared at him in shock, momentarily convinced that he had lost control. "Wait for me. I'll be back soon."
With that, she turned and left without hesitation.
Manfred watched her disappear from view, a self-deprecating smile spreading across his face. He had truly wanted to take her just now.
He really wanted to.
Just then, the two women Vivian had knocked out earlier began to stir.
The cold in the room seemed to
have
themakened them. The two
them still naked, shivered slightly as they began to regain consciousness. 
began to regain consciomet
Meanwhile, Manfred's body was drenched in sweat.
###chapter1842
Perhaps it was because he had just seen the person he longed to see, but at that moment, Manfred suddenly felt much calmer.
He got out of bed, opened the door, and unceremoniously threw the two women outside.
There were people outside, so the two wouldn't freeze to death.
His movements were swift and decisive, without the slightest hesitation. As soon as he threw them out, he locked the door behind him.
Then, he returned to the bed.
The unbearable heat coursing through his body and the uncontrollable desire to indulge and break free made it feel like ants were crawling through every inch of his being. They were disrupting his mind, fraying his sanity.
The feeling became intolerable.
As his rationality teetered on the brink of collapse, he even considered opening the door and letting the two women back in. He knew they could ease his discomfort.
But Vivian would return soon.
In an instant, he grabbed the dagger hidden under his pillow and, without hesitation, plunged it into his thigh.
A sharp, searing pain surged through him as blood gushed out. His sanity immediately returned.
...
Vivian rushed back to the Galaxy Villa and headed straight for the basement, where the medicine cabinets were stored.
Each type of medicine was neatly organized and stored. But she was in such a hurry that her hands were fumbling.
After searching for a while and still not finding what she needed, she called Howard.
"Uncle Howard, a friend of mine has been drugged with... that kind of medicine. His whole body is burning up, and he's struggling to hold on. I've searched everywhere in the villa and couldn't find anything to help."
"A friend?" Howard was startled.
Could it be that someone had drugged Vivian? Damn it!
Not daring to take the matter lightly, Howard responded quickly, "That medicine is in the third cabinet. Open it, and you'll find a drawer inside. From the left, it's in the fifth row, the third slot.
"There are both pills and an injectable solution. Have him take two pills first-the injection will work faster and more effectively. Should I come over right now?"
Following Howard's instructions, Vivian quickly located the medicine and the injection.
"Thank you, Uncle Howard. You don't have to come over. I've learned how to administer injections. I'll head to my friend's place now. Don't worry! I can handle
it!"
With that, Vivian hung up.
Meanwhile, Howard, startled by receiving a late-night call from Vivian, was already on edge.
He knew all too well how highly
Vivian was regarded by many, especially with the current mysterious disappearance of her parents, Joe and Skylar. Everyone treated her like a precious gem. 
Under such circumstances, no one would allow anything to happen to her.
Not daring to take any chances, he hesitated briefly before calling Paul.
Fortunately, their lines were always open for emergencies.
Paul answered groggily, half-asleep. "What's going on?"
"I need to tell you something," Howard began. "Vivian just called me saying a friend of hers had been drugged and asked if there was medicine in the Galaxy Villa to counteract it.
"Do you think it's possible that someone drugged her? Vivian has grown up, and she's beautiful now. It wouldn't be surprising if some brazen punk targeted her..."
Before Howard could finish, Paul, as if punched awake, snapped to attention. "What did you just say?" Paul asked, stunned.
Howard repeated himself.
Paul frowned deeply. "It's possible. Vivian wouldn't want to worry us Two years ago, when Mr. and Mrs. Martin disappeared, she was still young. Although she cried, she
stayed strong. 
"We all felt heartbroken for her. Even now, if someone bullied her, she'd probably hide it from us.
"Damn it, I need to find out who had the audacity to drug her! Let's head to the Galaxy Villa right away. Bring your wife-the two of us might make her uncomfortable. Let your wife talk to her." 
"Alright, I'll get ready now!"
Meanwhile, Vivian had no idea about the wild assumptions Howard and Paul were
making.
###chapter1843
Vivian brought the medicine to Manfred.
However, his leg was covered in blood. The gruesome sight startled Vivian.
"Your leg what happened? Did those two hurt you? Take the medicine first, and then I'll give you an injection. After that... I'll treat your wound."
Vivian quickly calmed herself down.
Manfred's eyes were bloodshot as he looked at Vivian. At that moment, he felt all his restraint had been worth it. "I stabbed myself. It's nothing."
Vivian instantly understood why he had done it. The drug must have made it hard for him to maintain control, and he had resorted to pain to stay rational.
Her eyes reddened as she nodded repeatedly. "Manfred, you're amazing! You held on."
She quickly had him swallow two pills and skillfully administered the injection.
Then she asked where the medicine she had previously given him was stored, intending to bandage his wound.
Manfred pointed under the bed. "There's a hidden compartment down there."
Following his instructions, Vivian found the medicine.
The hidden compartment was deep, but she didn't venture further in. She only took the medicine and came back out.
Manfred's eyes grew clearer—likely due to the combined effect of the medicine and injection. His mind stabilized, and the discomfort subsided.
Vivian focused on treating his wound, her touch gentle, careful not to hurt him.
In truth, his pain wasn't from the wound anymore but from the constant turmoil in his mind. Yet now, all he could focus on was her face.
Her earnest expression as she tended to his wound-genuinely distressed by his injury—revealed her deep concern for him.
The joy in his heart completely overshadowed the pain.
"You were too harsh on yourself," Vivian murmured softly. "This time, I brought you a box of medicine. Keep it safe. The person who drugged you might try again. But you still need to be careful-this kind of drugbarms your body." 
A shadow flickered in Manfred's eyes. "There won't be a second time for them."
Nearby, two household staff had been slacking off.
The night was freezing, and it was already so late. They assumed Manfred must be enjoying himself with those two women by now.
But gradually, they felt something wasn't right. Logically, they should have heard some noises by now.
However, everything was quiet. At this distance, they should have caught some sound. Even if
Manfred wasn't in great heavel
there
was no way it'd be entirely silent. 
"Look—are those two people lying in front of the door?"
"Huh? Looks like it!"
Realizing something was amiss, they exchanged glances. They had been chatting all this time and hadn't been paying attention to what was happening nearby. Now, they realized something was wrong. 
There had been nothing in front of the door earlier.
The two servants jogged over. When they saw the two women lying there, completely naked, they were stunned.
It wasn't as if they'd never seen women before.
What was shocking was that the two women were completely naked. Furthermore, they were the kind of beauties they could only dream of!
###chapter1844
Something seemed off now.
"It's so cold..."
The two maids, Fern Alvarado and Virginia Steele were curled up tightly, trembling from the cold and still a bit disoriented. Vivian hadn't held back earlier.
The household staff exchanged uneasy glances.
Without hesitation, they stripped off their coats and draped them over the women. Lifting the two effortlessly, they carried them straight to Zea's room.
At that moment, Zea was deep in slumber.
Even in her dreams, she envisioned Manfred as a cripple. Just as everything seemed to be unfolding exactly as she had envisioned, Rhea Robertson abruptly woke her up.
Half-asleep and still groggy, she slowly grasped the situation that had just occurred.
As her eyes fell on the two stunning women kneeling on the ground before her, fury surged through her, and her temples began to throb violently.
"You two were trained from a young age to cater to men, and yet you couldn't handle a clueless young man who's never even been with a woman? How is it possible that he knocked you out and tossed you out?
She thought, "Manfred isn't even of age!"
For years, he had been confined to the mansion, treated no better than a stray dog. He couldn't possibly have any knowledge of women, let alone much self- control.
And yet, he had managed to resist the allure of two stunningly beautiful women like them. It was almost unbelievable.
Fern and Virginia, still groggy when they had been carried back, were now wide awake and trembling with fear.
"We... We tried everything, Mrs. Atkinson. We used every trick to entice Mr. Manfred, but he remained completely indifferent. Could it be... Could it be that there was something wrong with the potion?"
"Yes! That drug has never failed before. No man can resist it. Or... Or maybe Mr. Manfred already has feelings for someone. He kept calling us Vivian. Yes, it was Vivian. If he's already in love, that would explain why he was immune to our attempts."
Zea laughed, the sound bitter and sharp as if she had just heard the most absurd joke. "Vivian? He's locked away in that courtyard day in and day out. He's barely even seen other women! Vivian? I've never even heard of anyone near him by that name."
"Feelings for someone?" Zea sneered.
Her expression darkened. She knew the kind of people Manfred had come into contact with.
The maids in the mansion-those with beauty had already been used by Randall, while those lacking charm were completely ignored.
Manfred was just a young man. He couldn't possibly have feelings for someone. Zea thought, "And that name-Vivian?"
There wasn't anyone in the mansion by that name. Even among the eligible young ladies in Vlario, none were called that.
"Could it be that we misheard the name? I swear, Mrs. Atkinson, Mr. Manfred has feelings for someone," Fern said.
Virginia chimed in, "I agree. Please believe us, Mrs. Atkinson. We even undressed ourselves completely. Even if Mr. Manfred wasn't familiar with relationships between men and women, we did everything we could to get him to lose control. But he's too restrained. His body showed he needed a woman, yet he held himself back." 
Both Fern and Virginia hurried to explain to Zea, their desperation clear.
They had dealt with all kinds of men, especially those who barely concealed their true desires-men who acted like animals. But never had they met someone as composed as Manfred.
It was beyond reason.
Rhea whispered cautiously, "Mrs. Atkinson, Mr. Manfred has shown remarkable self-restraint over the years. Even when starved for days, he never once knelt before you to beg for a meal. Perhaps they are telling the truth. I think it would be wise to investigate this Vivian they mentioned. Someone in the mansion might have secretly approached Mr. Manfred without
your knowledge." 
Zea's mind cleared. Thinking it over, it made sense.
Her expression hardened as she looked at Fern and Virginia. "You two may leave
for now. Tonight's events are not to leave this room."
"Yes, Mrs. Atkinson."
They bowed deeply before retreating.
Once they were alone, Zea turned back to Rhea. "We've treated Manfred like a
dog for years, yet he has such willpower. I'm beginning to regret keeping him around this long.
"Now Randall wants to start
showing him to the public, and I
can't sit back and let it happen. Find
out who's been meeting with him. behind my back. If he's still so defiant, someone must be feeding his rebellion," Zea demanded. Cóntent belongs to swnóvel
###chapter1845
At the entrance of Galaxy Villa, Paul, Howard, and his wife, Tilda Blanton, arrived one after the other, not more than two minutes apart.
At this moment, they stood before the dimly lit Galaxy Villa and exchanged glances.
"I just called Vivian, but she isn't answering. I don't know what's going on right now. Even Edgar is on his way here, but he said he hasn't heard anything about her returning home today," Howard said, his tone filled with concern.
Paul's expression changed when he heard this. "I'll try calling again."
If anything happened to Vivian, he would make sure the person who did this paid for it. He quickly dialed her number again, but the call went unanswered.
There was still no response.
"We should go in and check," Howard said immediately.
Paul agreed. The three of them entered the villa, and Paul, having clearance to enter, led the way.
Once inside, the villa was eerily quiet, with no sounds at all. It was as if no one was there.
"Vivian?" They each called out a few times, but there was no response.
"I'll go upstairs and check. You two stay here," Tilda said.
She had visited Galaxy Villa before and met Vivian several times. She liked Vivian a lot.
"Okay, you go ahead." Howard nodded in agreement.
Tilda headed upstairs, and Paul and Howard waited anxiously at the bottom of the stairs.
Tilda arrived at Vivian's door and gently knocked a few times. "Vivian?"
She called softly, then tried again, but there was no response. She frowned slightly. "Vivian?"
Just as she was about to push open the door, it suddenly swung open. Vivian, yawning and looking surprised, stood in the doorway. "Mrs. Grey?"
"Are you okay, Vivian? You really scared us!" Tilda exclaimed, letting out a deep breath and finally calming down.
Vivian smiled, but inside she felt a bit awkward. She had been in such a rush after calling Howard earlier that she hadn't thought much about it.
She hadn't expected them to come looking for her. Thankfully, she had made it back in time. If they hadn't found her, they probably would have been worried sick about her safety and might have even searched all over Jipsburg for her. 
"I'm fine. It's my friend who had the issue. I just had someone deliver the medicine
for her. Nothing to worry about," Vivian explained in a casual tone.
Hearing voices upstairs, Paul relaxed but immediately asked, "Vivian, is it okay if we come up?"
"Mr. Ziegler, let me change into something and come down. Wait for me a moment," Vivian replied, feeling a little helpless.
She knew they were all worried about her, so she quickly returned to her room
and put on a jacket. As she did this, she left the door ajar, and the lights were on.
The bright light illuminated the entire room, giving them a clear view of everything inside. As she dressed, Vivian turned to Tilda and said, "Mrs. Grey, I should have explaine@things better to avoid worrying you." 
Tilda breathed a sigh of relief after taking in the situation around her. "Thank goodness you're alright. If
something had happened to you net
Nek
those two downstairs would probably be causing a huge commotion tonight." 
###chapter1846
Moreover, Vivian's uncles were no pushovers either.
Ten minutes later, Vivian explained the situation downstairs. Of course, she didn't mention which friend had been drugged, nor could she explain anything about Manfred.
After all, the idea of time travel seemed so unbelievable. Anyone would be shocked by it and might even doubt the story's validity. Of course, she figured they would believe her if she told them the truth, but it would only make them worry about her safety even more.
"This is what happened. My friend knows she's wrong and won't go to places like bars anymore," she said.
Paul's and Howard's expressions slowly returned to normal. At this point, Edgar had arrived.
He walked over to Vivian. When he saw that she was unharmed, he finally felt at ease.
"I was so worried! I'm just glad you're fine, Vivian," Edgar said, his anxiety finally dissipating.
Vivian smiled reassuringly. "Don't worry, Edgar. I'm fine! I'll make sure to explain things clearly next time so there won't be any misunderstandings."
"It's not your fault, it's mine. I overcomplicated things. It's getting late, so you all should rest. Paul, Tilda, and I will leave now. If anything comes up, make sure to call me right away," Howard said, standing up.
Paul and Tilda also stood up, preparing to leave. Before they left, Paul gave Vivian one last piece of advice.
"If a stranger offers you something to drink or eat, don't accept it. There are too many bad people in this world, and it's getting too complicated. Do you understand?"
"Got it." Vivian nodded. After giving his instructions, Paul finally felt a sense of relief.
After the two of them left, Edgar stayed behind.
At his age, after such a late-night trip, he must have been exhausted. When Edgar finally went to bed, Vivian returned to her room and lay back down.
The warm blanket settled over her, and she let out a long sigh. After a restless night, she was finally able to rest properly.
However, the situation with Manfred wasn't looking too good. Whoever had drugged him might try again if they didn't succeed at first time.
But she had confidence in Manfred. When she left, he assured her not to worry, saying that he could handle the situation. He spoke with such confidence, not to calm her down, but because he truly believe he could manage it. 
She trusted him and even thought that he might retaliate, making those who harmed him pay the price.
Although she was kind to others net
growing up, she always understood that when someone tried to hurt her, it was crucial to fight back. 
So, she could guess why Cyril had become a useless person. With that thought,
she let out a sigh of relief and gradually fell into a peaceful sleep.
Meanwhile, Paul didn't go home. Paul went directly to Howard's house.
The distance from the villa to his place was short. There were still matters to discuss.
Some things hadn't been appropriate to say in front of Edgar earlier. But now, with the three of them alone, they could finally talk.
Tilda made some coffee, and the three of them sat down, each with a cup. The night was almost over, and they weren't feeling sleepy anymore.
After finishing their coffee, Tilda went to prepare breakfast while Paul and Howard began discussing.
Paul's tone was serious as he spoke. "I checked the surveillance footage on the way here. No one went to Galaxy Villa, so Vivian must have lied. She's hiding something from us."
Howard nodded. "Do you think she might have been the one drugged? She might not want us to worry, which is why she's keeping things from us. We need to figure out` who's close enough to her to harm her. The person who did this would have had access to her."
###chapter1847
Paul said gravely, "You're thinking the same thing as I am. I'll arrange to meet with Aiken when the sun comes up. He investigates matters like this the fastest."
Howard nodded. "Should we inform Steven about this?"
Paul said, "Not yet. Let's investigate first. Once we find something, we'll tell him. Right now, Mr. Martin and Mrs. Martin are missing, and we need to protect Vivian at all costs."
Howard sighed. "You're right. We have to protect Vivian, just like Mr. Martin would want us to."
In the kitchen, Tilda was making breakfast when she overheard the conversation from the living room. She couldn't help but smile and shake her head.
If anyone dared to make a move against Vivian, it would be like courting death.
Everyone around Joe and Skylar was doing everything they could to protect Vivian, and she could confidently say that they would go to any lengths to ensure her safety.
These big shots would risk their own lives to guard Vivian, so anyone foolish enough to target her would have no idea what they were up against.
Vivian slept until noon.
When she woke up, she was treated to a freshly made turkey sandwich by Edgar, her favorite.
"Edgar, how come you woke up so early to make these?" Vivian pouted, cuddling up to Edgar.
Edgar chuckled. "I slept just fine last night. I actually slept in until 10:00 am before making breakfast."
Vivian eagerly took a sandwich, savoring every bite. "Edgar, you're the best. Your sandwiches are the best in the world. No one makes them better than you."
Edgar chuckled, beaming with joy. Vivian always knew just how to flatter people with her sweet words.
"Are you staying home today?" Edgar asked.
Vivian thought for a moment. "I'm going to visit my grandmother this afternoon. I might stay the night at her place. I'll go back to school tomorrow night, so don't worry about me."
"You're such a good girl. Just let me
know whenever you come home,
and I'll make sure to cook for
you,"
Edgar said, not wanting Vivian to be alone at home. 
The family had once been lively with Joe and Skylar around, filling the house with energy and warmth Now, with only Vivian left at home, Edgar couldn't help but feel @sense of sadness. 
Vivian understood Edgar's feelings, so she smiled and nodded in agreement. "Alright, I'll listen to you, Edgar."
That day, Edgar had made quite a few sandwiches. After eating two, Vivian found she couldn't eat anymore, especially after drinking a bowl of chicken soup.
"Edgar, should put the remaining sandwiches in the fridge to freeze? That way, when I come home, I can I just heat them." Vivian thought to herself that she might take them with her when she visited Manfred next time. 
Edgar nodded. "Alright, I'll put the rest in the fridge."
...
That evening, Vivian didn't stay at Janine's house but returned to Galaxy Villa.
She didn't tell Edgar that she was coming back early.
As soon as she arrived home, she received a call from Aiken.
"Mr. Parkinson," she greeted.
Aiken had been helping her search for Joe and Skylar for the past two years.
The fact that even Aiken couldn't find them meant that Vivian's parents were likely
in a place where no one in this world could reach them.
"How's your schoolwork? Still heavy?" Aiken asked.
"It's been alright. I'm nearly done with everything for now," Vivian replied.
"That's good to hear. In a few days, it will be Simona's birthday. She'd love it if you could come. It's next Saturday. Can you make some time?"
"Ms. Parkinson's birthday is coming up? Sure, I'll be free on Saturday," Vivian immediately agreed.
She liked Simona. Her lively personality made them seem like they were the same age. They often rode motorcycles together, enjoying each other's company.
###chapter1848
Of course, this was a secret between Simona and Vivian.
Aiken smiled and said, "Alright, I'll have someone pick you up next Saturday."
"No need, Mr. Parkinson. I've already gotten my driver's license. I can drive myself there," Vivian quickly replied.
Although there were plenty of cars at home, she rarely drove because it wasn't convenient to get to school. She preferred not to draw too much attention to herself, as too much attention sometimes led to unnecessary trouble.
However, she was perfectly capable of driving when needed.
"Alright then," Aiken said.
Just as Vivian was about to say goodbye, Aiken suddenly asked, "Vivian, have you run into any trouble lately? Are there any boys bothering you at school?"
He knew how impatient young people could be when pursuing someone; some might even resort to extreme measures or underhanded tactics. Even he thought that many young people had become more restless.
But when that restlessness was directed at someone else, he didn't care. But if it was directed at Vivian... well, then the young man would have a serious problem.
Vivian quickly responded, "No. Mr. Parkinson. I'm always busy with my experiments and studies, and no boys are chasing after me."
Aiken chuckled lightly. "That's fine. At your age, it's normal to enjoy your youth in college. If any boys do come after you, bring them along so I can meet them. I know how to judge character and can tell if he's worth getting to know."
At that moment, Vivian understood. It seemed that her explanation that night had caused some stir with Paul and Howard, making them anxious. They probably had alerted Aiken as well.
They probably didn't believe her explanation from that night. It was hard to explain.
She figured once they found nothing, they would stop investigating.
The next morning, Vivian reheated the sandwiches and also took some fresh fruit from the fridge. She was headed to see Manfred.
She woke up early that morning. By the time she arrived, Manfred was already reading. He was engrossed in his book as if nothing in the world could distract him.
The book he was reading was "War and Peace". She had brought him that book earlier.
Just as she was about to take another step toward him, Manfred suddenly turned his head and looked at her. His eyes sparkled like stars and he smiled brilliantly. 
"I knew you were here the moment you appeared," Manfred said.
Vivian was a little surprised. "But I didn't move at all."
He smiled and replied, "I smelled something."
"Smelled something? Your sense of smell is really sharp. I brought some sandwiches and chicken soup. The sandwiches were made by Edgar yesterday-they're delicious. I heated them early this morning and brought them over," Vivian explained, thinking that Manfred was referring to the aroma of the food. 
Manfred didn't explain further. He walked over and took the bag from her hands. He didn't have a particular craving for food as he could go days without eating without much concern. 
What he truly craved was the chance to share a meal with Vivian.
If they could be together every day, even just having plain soup three times a day, he would be content.
Meanwhile, not far from the outside of the house, two figures were secretly
watching the scene, observing every movement inside.
"Did you hear that? Mr. Manfred is talking to someone."
"It's a woman."
###chapter1849
Another maid listened for a while, her face filled with confusion. "I didn't hear anything. I only heard Mr. Manfred talking to himself."
"Did I mishear? Could it be that Mr. Manfred, living alone here with no one to talk to, has started to lose his mind? The more I think about it, the more it seems possible," the other maid wondered aloud.
"It seems possible."
"Wait, let's get closer and take a look. Mrs. Atkinson told us to keep a close eye, just in case someone is sneaking around helping Mr. Manfred."
The two maids murmured to each other as they made their way to the courtyard. They quietly approached the window and gently poked a hole in the paper panel to get a better view.
What they saw next was beyond belief.
Manfred was talking to himself while eating. His eyes would occasionally gaze lovingly at the empty space across from him, as though someone were really there.
The two maids immediately turned pale with fear. They hurriedly left the scene.
A moment later, they were standing before Zea, recounting what they had just witnessed. They vividly described the chilling scene, with one maid adding a few words after another. Zea frowned deeply, trying to process it.
"Talking to himself?" she repeated, her expression tense.
She wondered if she had been overthinking. There was no one in the house who would dare secretly help Manfred, especially not under her watch.
The thought of him talking to himself only reinforced that possibility. Or perhaps, it crossed her mind, he might be seeing a ghost-talking to a female ghost while eating his meal.
"Yes, Mrs. Atkinson, we saw it with our own eyes. Mr. Manfred was talking to himself."
The two maids still felt uneasy, but they dared not speak further. They couldn't bring themselves to say it was a ghost. After all, the idea of a ghost so powerful that it could appear in broad daylight seemed absurd.
However, Randall and Zea had all claimed to have heard a ghost speaking. In recent days, the people in the house had been talking about
it, suggesting that it might
just
been a hallucination on the part of Randall and Zea. 
No one had ever heard of anyone seeing a ghost or hearing one speak during the daytime.
Zea furrowed her brow, feeling the weight of confusion pressing on her thoughts. There was something about this that didn't quite add up. It felt off, yet she couldn't pinpoint what was wrong.
At her side, Rhea noticed her
discomfort. Her eyes flickered
thoughtfully before she spoke,
waiting for the maids to leave before quietly adding, "Mrs. Atkinson, Mr.
Manfred doesn't seem like someone
whose resolve could easily falter. It's unlikely he's lost his mine. 
"I believe he might be doing this deliberately trying to act out of the ordinary to lower your suspicion. This way, you might let your guard down and forget about him. The more cunningly he schemesdike this, the more we must take decisive action. If we don't kill him, he might find an opportunity to bring ruin upon you and Mr. Cyril, one that could lead to your irreparable downfall." 
Rhea had always been a person who considered things carefully. Over the years, she had been by Zea's side, wholeheartedly looking out for both Zea and Cyril.
###chapter1850
The words spoken by Rhea had snapped Zea out of her confusion. She felt her face turn pale with realization.
"Rhea, you're right. You've seen things for what they are. I felt something was off, but I couldn't quite place it. Now, after hearing you, I'm certain-Manfred is deliberately putting on an act. He's so young, yet his thoughts are already so scheming. But does he really think such tricks can change anything?" Zea sneered.
Rhea spoke somberly, "Mr. Randall must want to make Mr. Manfred the family's heir. Given Mr. Cyril's current situation, he can't become the heir. If Mr. Manfred ascends to that position, Cyril's future will be grim. Mrs. Atkinson, we must act quickly before things get out of hand."
Zea furrowed her brow, clearly troubled. "I know we must act soon, but those two women haven't conceived yet. If we make a move on him now, the Atkinson family might be completely cut off from heirs!"
That was the most perilous part of the situation.
Rhea's eyes gleamed with a sharp understanding. "As for the child, that's simpler than we thought. I didn't realize it earlier, but now I've figured it out. What does it matter whether the child is Mr. Manfred's or not? It doesn't concern you, Mrs. Atkinson.
"It would be more beneficial if it were connected to Mr. Cyril and you instead. We can find a woman we can control to bear the child, then claim that it's Cyril's. This way, all the difficulties you're facing will be solved. It won't be as complicated as it seems."
As Rhea's words sank in, Zea's eyes gleamed with realization, her face lighting up with astonishment. "Why didn't I think of that? Rhea, let's do it your way."
Rhea smiled confidently. "I'll take care of everything, Mrs. Atkinson. Don't worry. You will be at ease from now on."
In a matter of hours, the two women had decided on a course of action. Little did they know, things wouldn't unfold as they had planned.
Hours later, the night had deepened, and a thick layer of clouds covered the moon. A shadowy figure moved silently through the mansion, slipping through the night with a quiet determination.
The figure eventually reached the most isolated part of the Atkinson residence.
Silently, the figure entered the room. At that exact moment, as Kemp Schwartz passed through the doorway, Manfred's eyes snapped open.
"Who are you?" Manfred demanded coldly.
Kemp replied, am a guard from the Holland family. Mr. Holland Senior is currently traveling from the frontier to Vlario, and I set out ahead of him to gather information. After some investigation, I learned about your situation, so I came to rescue you. Please rest assured that Mr. Holland Senior will make things right for you. 
"Randall has gone too far! For years, he has deceived Mr. Holland Senior. Mr. Holland Senior believed that you would live well under Randall and Zea's Care. Yet they have conspired together to deceive Mr. Holland Senior and the Holland family!"
Kemp's words were filled with righteous indignation. However, Manfred remained calm.
"Prove to me you are from my grandfather's side," he said coldly.
Kemp was not surprised by Manfred's caution. He immediately took out an insignia and lit a candle.
In the soft candlelight, Manfred could clearly see the shape of the insignia, and his eyes darkened.
"I believe you now, but I can't leave right now. You need to help me with something first," Manfred said in a low voice.
Kemp was taken aback. He had investigated thoroughly over the past few days and knew the terrible conditions Manfred was enduring. It was almost as bad as living like a beggar.
Given such torment, he was surprised that Manfred still had no plans to leave.
"Two women
en are staying in the east
wing of the mansion. I want you to strip them of their clothes and throw
them onto Randall's bed. Give all
three of them a dose of the
ver
medicine." Manfred's voice was cold, devoid of any obvious hatred. 
But Kemp immediately understood what Manfred wanted to do.
"Is it the kind of medicine commonly used in brothels?" Kemp confirmed. Manfred gave a soft hum of agreement.
###chapter1851
Manfred got out of bed after Kemp left.
He walked to the window and pushed it open. A gust of frigid night air hit him, clearing his mind even further.
It also sharpened his awareness of who he truly was—a man who would stop at nothing to achieve his goals and someone who wouldn't hesitate to use ruthless methods.
The Atkinsons had created a hell for him, and he would ensure every one of them paid dearly. If they wanted him to experience torment, he would show them what his version of torment looked like.
As his eyes burned with intense hatred, a figure suddenly emerged in his thoughts -Vivian, the one person who brought light and warmth into his dark world.
A wave of unease washed over him.
He wondered if she would despise him upon discovering the depths of his darkness. Maybe she would even leave him.
He couldn't let her know. As for this place, he couldn't leave. He wasn't certain that leaving would mean losing the chance to see her again, and he couldn't take that risk.
That night, Manfred couldn't find peace.
Even his grandfather, Glen Holland, didn't send someone to intervene. He had already found a way to bring those people to justice. Now, things were simpler. He could carry out his plans faster.
Randall was a man who never denied himself any indulgence.
Outwardly, he appeared loyal to Zea. In reality, he secretly entertained himself
with the maids in the mansion whenever one caught his eye.
Zea had always been in tune with Randall. She knew how to manage the aftermath of his indulgences.
For the past few days, Randall had been unwell, his body weakened by constant stomach issues. It was the only reason he had been unusually quiet.
But tonight, something stirred within him-an uncontrollable surge of restlessness. Just as he was about to summon a maid with a pleasing appearance to his room, two strikingly beautiful women walked in without being called. 
The moment they stepped closer to his bed, Randall felt his self-control snap. In
no time, the room was filled with the sounds of indulgence, an unrelenting rhythm that echoed through the night.
Anyone who heard it would blush uncontrollably.
The sounds naturally reached Zea's ears.
Though they no longer shared the same bedroom, their bedrooms were in adjoining wings of the
mansion. While they occasionallet
spent nights together, most of the time, they maintained their own spaces. 
Any commotion from one could easily be heard in the other.
Zea was not a woman of a forgiving nature. Awoken by the noise, her face darkened with anger, her jaw clenched in frustration.
"Rhea, go and find out which shameless harlot managed to stir up such chaos. This is deliberate. I'm sure of it. She must have wanted me to hear this noise!"
However, Rhea remained
motionless, With a resigned sigh, she offered her advice. "Mrs. Atkinson, after all these years, why let it bother you? Mr. Randall has likely gone without company for some time, and tonight things just got noisier than usual. 
"Besides, all those women are maids whose contracts are in your hands. You can deal with them as you wish later. It's best not to upset Mr. Randall unnecessarily."
Zea's face grew even darker, jealousy blazing in her eyes. "It must be one of those maids seducing him! How is it that he's still obsessed with this kind of thing even at his age?"
Rhea struggled to find the right words to ease her anger.
Randall had always been indulgent by nature, which explained how he and Zea had secretly conspired all those years ago to eliminate his first wife.
His nature had never changed-sweet promises meant nothing to a man like him.
Though Zea tried to calm herself, the relentless noises made it impossible. Her eyes were red with fury as she bit her lip in frustration.
"Shameless! Absolutely shameless! Didn't they learn any proper manners before stepping foot into this house? Despicable! Truly despicable!"
###chapter1852
Zea grew increasingly agitated as she listened to the sounds, her anger rising to the point where she was barely able to contain it. She clenched her teeth, furious at the situation.
Rhea could only sigh helplessly. There was something she hadn't said, something that could make Zea even angrier.
She listened closely, and the sounds didn't seem to come from just one woman. It sounded as though two women were attending to Randall.
Randall had truly become reckless. He was no longer concerned with Zea's feelings and had grown indifferent to her.
After returning, Vivian quickly changed clothes and drove to the mall. She almost forgot that she was supposed to meet her friends for a shopping trip that afternoon.
Her friends were her college roommates. They had lived together since freshman year, and although she was a couple of years younger than them, they treated her like a friend and a younger sister.
Tomorrow was one of their birthdays, and they planned to surprise her. So, they planned to go shopping together. Once they found the perfect birthday gift, they would split the cost and buy it together.
As she parked in the underground garage, she received a call from her roommate, Rebecca Kinsman.
"Are you here yet? Is there traffic?"
Vivian quickly replied, "I just parked. I'll head up right now. Which floor are you at?"
"We're at Starbrew on the first floor."
"Alright, I'll head over now."
Vivian immediately got out of the car, slinging her crossbody bag over her shoulder, and made her way toward the elevator. She was very familiar with this mall, knowing exactly where to park to be closest to the elevator.
When Vivian arrived at the elevator, there was hardly anyone inside. Just as the doors were about to close, two people entered. At first, she didn't pay much attention and didn't look up.
It wasn't until one of them called her name that she realized she recognized the person.
"Hadwin?" she exclaimed, surprised.
What a coincidence. Jipsburg was such a big city with so many shopping centers, yet she unexpectedly ran into Hadwin here.
She quickly glanced at the beautiful woman beside Hadwin, noticing she was a new face. She hadn't seen her
in
ny of his Instagram posts so this
t be Hadwin's new girlfriend. 
Hadwin was also surprised to see Vivian. His eyes lingered on her, and he asked, "What are you doing here?"
"I'm shopping with my roommates," Vivian replied.
Hadwin frowned slightly at the mention of her roommates. "Other people can get
your time, but when I ask, you don't have any?"
Vivian was slightly speechless. "We've had this planned for a while."
"What's been keeping you busy lately?" Hadwin asked with curiosity, feeling like he hadn't seen Vivian around much recently.
Just then,
first
Vivian quickly said,
Nthe elevator reached the your date. See you lat Kol.net much, I won't keep vel
frothy Coh
As she hurried out, Hadwin frowned, his face darkening. The woman, Sybil
Weaver, beside him, looked displeased at being ignored.
"Hadwin, who was that girl? She looks so young, not even 20, right?"
"You don't need to know who she is. Let's go," Hadwin replied coldly, his tone distant and somewhat aloof.
Sybil was stunned. She had been
é
about to ask if Vivian was a relative or something, but Hadwin's reaction
left her with more questions than answers. 
It was all quite intriguing.
###chapter1853
The next day, early in the morning, a scream echoed through the Atkinson residence, startling everyone.
The commotion reached all corners of the house, especially disturbing Zea, who had spent a sleepless night.
She had endured hours of loud noises, making her face turn dark with irritation.
Just as dawn broke and the noise finally subsided, she managed to fall asleep. But in the middle of her deep slumber, a few more piercing screams jolted her awake.
Rhea rushed in, looking flustered. "Mrs. Atkinson, Fern and Virginia... they've... they've climbed into Mr. Randall's bed. They served him together last night."
Zea's face instantly turned ashen. "What did you say?"
Rhea slapped her thighs in frustration. "No wonder there was so much noise last night! I never would have thought it. Mr. Randall himself seemed surprised at first, but then he said to keep it quiet and mentioned he plans to take them both as companions."
Zea's anger flared. "Has he gone mad? He's never taken another woman all these years. Now, at his age, he's going to bring them in? Does he want everyone in Vlario to gossip about him being too old to be acting like this?"
Zea had been contemplating how to deal with Fern and Virginia, whom she had sent to ruin Manfred. But now, they had gone and seduced Randall.
This was intolerable.
Randall now even planned to take both of them as his companions.
Rhea spoke solemnly, "Mrs. Atkinson, I think Mr. Randall has truly made up his mind this time. Everyone knows about Mr. Cyril's health, and Mr. Manfred has been absent for so long. People will think Mr. Randall is taking these women in to secure heirs."
"Secure heirs?" Zea ground her teeth.
If those two women managed to bear Randall's child, there would be no future for her or Cyril in the Atkinson residence. Zea knew Manfred well. He was a cold and heartless man.
"I'm going to see this for myself." Zea immediately got out of bed.
After an entire sleepless night, Zea could clearly see the signs of aging on her face as she looked into the copper mirror. The past few years had been incredibly difficult for her.
She spent every day thinking about how to deal with the women Manfred had been entertaining, all while planning how to torment Manfred.
Her days of peace were few and far between.
Now, to make matters worse, Randall had brought in two more problems. Rhea followed Zea as she made her way to Randall's room.
Upon entering, they found the two alluring women, standing with poise as they assisted Randall in getting dressed.
Despite spending an entire night together, Randall looked as if he had just been refreshed, his face glowing with vitality. His eyes kept darting back and forth between Fern and Virginia, seemingly more pleased with each glance. 
Both Fern and Virginia had marks on their necks, clear evidence of a wild night. It
was obvious what had transpired between them.
Zea's anger flared.
"You've become increasingly
thoughtful, preparing surprises for
me. I'm
very satisfied with these
two, and they look like they should
be excellent for childbearing,"
ve
Randall remarked as he realized Zea had entered. 
His words, though meant to compliment Zea, were more of a compliment for the
two women.
The three of them exchanged
glances, a silent understanding passing between them, which only
made Zea's blood boil. She bit her lip
so hard it nearly drew blood, her fury threatening to boil over. 
The two women exchanged a quick, fearful glance. Though they were scared, they quickly came to a realization.
They realized that being the lover of Manfred was nothing compared to being with Randall. If they had children, they could easily sway him, and they wouldn't have to fear Zea.
Besides, they knew Zea wasn't a kind person-they had learned that the hard way.
###chapter1854
Over the past few days, Fern and Virginia had gathered all the information about the Atkinson family. They discovered that Manfred's life was worse than that of the maids.
"Randall, this matter needs to be reconsidered. These two women were originally purchased as companions for Manfred. Their status is far too low to be suitable as your partners," Zea quickly explained.
She was adamant in her disapproval.
Fern and Virginia immediately dropped to their knees.
"We truly admire you, Mr. Randall. Even if we're only allowed to stay here as your maids, we'd be forever grateful. We have no romantic feelings for Mr. Manfred."
"That's right. It was only after meeting you that I understood what true love is, Mr. Randall. No one else could ever compare to you. My heart will hold no one but you."
The two women, with their enchanting figures and well-practiced charms, knew how to play their roles perfectly. Their tearful pleas and yearning glances seemed to pull at Randall's heartstrings.
Randall, who hadn't felt so invigorated in years, couldn't have been more
delighted. These two were his newest obsession, and he couldn't bring himself to see fault in them.
Frowning slightly, he declared, "They both served me well last night. Their devotion is what matters, not their backgrounds. This is settled. There's no need for further discussion."
Zea wanted to say something more, hoping that Randall might change his mind. But Rhea gently tugged at her sleeve and slightly shook her head.
Zea took a deep breath to calm herself before forcing a stiff smile. "Then congratulations on acquiring two such devoted ladies, Randall."
Randall nodded, his attention already returning to his new companions.
Meanwhile, Kemp relayed the entire situation to Manfred. Upon hearing the news, Manfred's expression remained unchanged.
Finally, he asked Kemp, "Can you send a letter to my grandfather?"
"Of course," Kemp replied without hesitation.
"Send a letter to my grandfather. I want to make sure both Randall and Zea pay for what they did. They conspired to murder my mother," Manfred said.
Kemp's expression changed. "Mr. Holland Senior suspected the cause of Ms. Queenie's death as well. Are you sure Randall and Zea have gotten so bold?"
Manfred's expression was emotionless. "There's nothing they won't do."
Kemp immediately recalled the
13
Met
events of the past few years. The more he learned, the more it seemed Randall and Zea had gotten too comfortable in their privileged lives. 
"I'll send the letter right now," Kemp said in a low voice.
A few days later, Vivian looked at the
bracelet on her wrist, her face serious and a bit anxious. No matter how she thought about Manfred,
she couldn't bring herself to go to his place. 
She had been trying every day for the past few days, but she still couldn't make it
to Manfred's place. It had been a whole week now.
"Does this mean I can never see Manfred again?" she muttered to herself.
If it weren't for the signs pointing to her experience being real, she might have
convinced herself that everything with Manfred had just been a dream.
But because of those signs, she was almost certain that she would never see him again.
Suddenly, there was a knock at the door.
"Vivian, dinner's ready. It's all your favorite dishes. Come downstairs," Edgar's voice came from outside.
Vivian, not feeling very cheerful, responded softly, "Okay."
After receiving her reply, Edgar lingered for a moment at the door.
He wondered if it was just his imagination, but Vivian seemed to have something on her mind. She had Docked herself in her room all
and had not come out 
###chapter1855
Paul had been communicating with Edgar for the past few days, urging him to pay extra attention to Vivian's situation.
Although he didn't know exactly what had happened, he could tell that Paul was genuinely concerned something might be wrong with Vivian.
He couldn't help but recall the incident from a while ago when Vivian's friend had been drugged.
Edgar had always felt that something was off about the situation, and he suspected that it might have been Vivian who was targeted.
Fortunately, Vivian seemed to be fine. Edgar was lost in thought as he descended the stairs.
Vivian joined him a few minutes later, but during dinner, she was unusually quiet, clearly lost in her thoughts.
Her conversation with Edgar was distracted and detached. After Vivian finished her meal and went back upstairs, Edgar quickly called Paul.
"Tell me everything. Have you noticed anything unusual about Vivian recently?" he asked.
Paul didn't answer right away. Instead, he asked, "Has Vivian been acting unusually these past few days?"
Edgar responded, "I've been paying close attention. She's been absent-minded. It doesn't seem like it's due to her studies. It's almost as if something's bothering her."
Paul sighed deeply. "To be honest, I also suspected someone was bothering her, so I had people investigate her situation. We found nothing. There are many people who like her at school, but she mostly spends time in the lab.
"When she does go out, it's usually with her roommates, college friends, or sometimes people from the Sullivan family. So, after ruling out all those possibilities, I consulted a therapist. They believed that the incident with Mr. Martin and Mrs. Martin had caused her a lot of emotional trauma.
"Some people show signs of distress right away, but the pain manifests slowly over time for others. Vivian may be struggling
with some mental health issnet
Right now, what she needs most is the support of her family." 
After saying all this, Paul sighed again. It had been more than two years since the incident, and although everyone still hoped for
Joe and Skylar's safe return, the pain of that loss lingered. 
They all understood that Joe and Skylar might never return.
Edgar's voice faltered as he spoke. "Alright, I understand. I'll talk to Vivian's grandmother and make sure they spend more time with her."
"Okay."
Another half month passed. During this time, Vivian still couldn't see Manfred.
She had gone from feeling lost and disoriented to slowly accepting the situation. She realized that her presence had indeed helped Manfred, but now, he was strong enough to protect himself and even strike back at those who hurt him. Therefore, he no longer needed her. 
As for Joe and Skylar... she was still uncertain. For now, she decided to focus on moving forward.
Her strange behavior had started to worry many people. Janine called her daily to check on her. Even Jamie and her family frequently visited her at college.
Gradually, she realized that her odd state had caused them to worry. Though she might never see Manfred again, she still wished him a smooth and peaceful journey ahead.
...
In the dead of the night, Manfred stood alone in the courtyard. Snowflakes fell thick and fast, landing on his head and shoulders. Yet, he didn't seem to feel the cold at all.
###chapter1856
Manfred's down jacket shielded him from the wind and snow.
From a distance, Kemp watched with furrowed brows, his concern growing. Manfred had been acting strangely lately. He could have moved out of this shabby courtyard long ago but had chosen not to.
Moreover, the clothes Manfred wore were unfamiliar to Kemp. They weren't the usual silk or cotton garments but were incredibly warm. There were also books and other rare items, things Kemp had never seen before.
A few days ago, his curiosity got the best of him, and he finally asked Manfred. It turned out that these things had been gifted to him by someone who had helped him in secret before Kemp's arrival.
Without that help, Manfred might not have made it to the present. Kemp speculated that Manfred had stayed in this place because of that person.
However, the mysterious figure had not appeared for nearly a month, and they seemed unlikely to reappear. Continuing to wait wasn't a sustainable option.
"Mr. Manfred, I just received a message from Mr. Holland Senior. He and the others will arrive in Vlario in a week," Kemp said after some thought, approaching Manfred.
Manfred nodded silently.
After a brief pause, Kemp hesitated before asking, "Are you still waiting for that person?"
Manfred's eyes grew cold. After a long silence, he finally responded, "She said she would return."
He was waiting. It hadn't even been a month yet. Perhaps there was something that had prevented her from coming this time.
Kemp wanted to say more but paused when he saw Manfred's demeanor. He decided against it.
At that moment, Kemp heard footsteps from several dozen feet away. He quickly disappeared into the shadows after warning Manfred that someone was approaching.
Not long later, a maid appeared before Manfred.
"Mr. Manfred, Mr. Randall requests your presence."
"Wait a moment," Manfred replied.
He turned and entered the house, changed into another outfit, and followed the maid to meet Randall.
As he walked, the maid couldn't help but think-Manfred had no sense of fatherly affection for Randall, and it showed in his demeanor.
Over a month ago, everyone in the mansion believed that Manfred's life was over. He would never rise again. As long as Zea was around, Manfred was nothing more than a useless man.
But now, things had changed. Not long ago, Cyril had become the one deemed useless. Now, he couldn't even step outside to face others.
He no longer left his room, and the only things he did each day were drink and hit people.
Zea had once paid attention to Cyril, but recently, she had been caught in petty rivalries with the two women that Randall had recently taken in.
As for Randall, he was completely enchanted by the two women, spending his days indulging in their whims.
No one in the mansion dared speak up in front of him. With his advancing age, no one knew how much longer he could keep up this reckless behavior.
It wasn't until now that they realized the only stable person left in the Atkinson family was Manfred.
"What are you looking at?" Manfred asked coldly.
The maid quickly responded, "Mr. Manfred, Mr. Randall is feeling unwell today. He had a doctor examine him, but nothing was
found Mr. Randall has asked to see you. It seems like he wants to speak with you." 
It was strange. After seeing the doctor, Randall dismissed everyone and asked for Manfred to come. Randall had never actively sought Manfred's company before. This was the first time. 
And with the way Randall had changed his attitude toward Manfred fately, the maids were instructed to treat him with utmost respect. They had prepared another room for Manfred to move into, but he hadn't agreed to it. 
###chapter1857
Manfred found it amusing when he heard the maid's report, though his face remained cold and unreadable.
However, the maid noticed Manfred's distant demeanor and felt a pang of unease. It was clear that Manfred had little to no fatherly affection for Randall. If Randall was trying to repair their relationship, it was likely wishful thinking on his part.
Soon enough, Manfred was brought before Randall. The man lying half-reclined on the bed looked frail. His face was pale, and he seemed much thinner than he had been a month ago.
While the weight loss was notable, the weariness clung to him, making him appear far older.
Seeing Randall in such a pitiful state filled Manfred with a twisted sense of satisfaction. His lips curled into a faint, pleased smirk, though Randall failed to notice it.
Instead, Randall looked at Manfred with a complex expression and sighed. "Over the years, you must have hated me, haven't you?"
Manfred raised an eyebrow as if the question itself amused him. He thought to himself, "Hate? No, not anymore."
He no longer wasted energy on something as futile as hatred. He simply wanted to destroy the man lying before him.
Randall pressed on. "I know I've neglected you all these years. I let you suffer, and that was my failure as a father. But I've realized my mistake. I understand now how important you are to me. The future of this family rests on you, Manfred. I promise I'll treat you better from now on."
The heartfelt declaration would have made Zea furious if she had overheard it. But for Manfred, it only elicited a faint look of disinterest.
He met Randall's gaze, his tone flat. "Is something wrong with your health?"
It was a question designed to feign ignorance, even though Manfred already knew the answer. After all, he was the one responsible for Randall's current condition.
He had been meticulous in his approach, studying medical texts to ensure the symptoms would manifest gradually.
Even the rare ingredients he couldn't buy outright, he had found ways to obtain and refine himself. Everything was going exactly as planned.
e'
Randall mistook Manfred's question as a sign of concern. His eyes lit up immediately. "I knew you were a good son. You're worried about me, aren't you? It's nothing serious. It's just the strain from handling too many affairs lately. 
"I've just received word that your grandfather and his family will be arriving in Vlario soon. He'll surely want to see you. Make sure you're prepared and remember to share only good news with him. Your grandfather's health isn't the best, and we must avoid worrying him, understood?" 
He had called Manfred here partly to foster some semblance of father-son affection. After all, he hadn't paid much attention to his son over the years, nor had he ever truly liked him.
The other reason was that the Holland family's return to Vlario seemed like it would be permanent, as they likely wouldn't go back to the frontier.
Randall couldn't let Glen learn about his misdeeds over the years, so he needed to maintain the fa?ade of harmony.
However, the more pressing matter was that the doctor had told him that he would never have more children in this lifetime.
Manfred was now his only viable heir. Cyril had proven to be useless.
Still, he didn't understand why his urges had become uncontrollable of late. Despite the doctor's warnings against engaging in such activities, he couldn't stop himself. Each night, as the darkness fell, the urges overwhelmed him. 
Manfred raised an eyebrow at Randall's statement, responding with an indifferent hum.
Though Randall was dissatisfied with Manfred's indifferent attitude, he understood that it was unrealistic to expect Manfred to suddenly embrace all the formalities and rules of the household.
Still, he was unwilling to continue the conversation. The entire exchange made him uncomfortable as if he were forcing warmth onto someone who couldn't care
less, like offering a handshake only to be left hanging.
He said, "It's getting late. Go back and get some rest."
###chapter1858
Manfred left without another glance at Randall. Randall's brows furrowed tightly as the door closed behind Manfred.
After a long moment, Randall tried to push aside his frustration and settle into bed, but an inexplicable restlessness crept over him. Images of Fern and Virginia flitted through his mind, igniting a spark he couldn't ignore.
He wrestled with his impulses for a while before giving up and calling to the maid outside. "Bring Fern and Virginia here."
The maid hesitated and offered a cautious reminder. "Mr. Atkinson, the doctor advised that you should rest properly during this period and avoid... physical exertion."
Before the maid could finish, Randall interrupted with a sharp retort. "I know my own body better than anyone. What do you know? These doctors always exaggerate! Go call them, and I don't want to hear this nonsense again, understood?"
The maid, well-acquainted with Randall's temper, dared not argue further and quickly left to summon Fern and Virginia. Soon, as the evening deepened but before darkness fully set in, muffled, suggestive sounds began to fill the mansion.
The noises soon reached Zea's ears. "Didn't the doctor tell him to rest? Yet here he is, ignoring the advice and acting so recklessly! Does he not care about his own life?" she fumed, pacing in frustration.
Rhea signed, her expression resigned. "Mrs. Atkinson, he's been like this every day recently."
"Exactly, and it's infuriating! Even when we were still deeply involved, he wasn't this indulgent. Those two scheming women are nothing but temptresses. I'll find a way to deal with them," Zea said, her eyes blazing with jealousy.
Rhea shook her head, trying to calm her. "Mrs. Atkinson, you need to stay composed. Too many strange things have been happening in this house lately. Don't you think it's all too coincidental?
"Do you recall our earlier plans to find a suitable child for Mr. Cyril? You've been so preoccupied battling those two women that you haven't given it any attention. What if one of them becomes pregnant?"
Zea froze, her fury giving way to clarity. "What?"
"That's why I'm asking you to stay calm," Rhea said firmly.
"But weren't you already secretly searching for someone?" Zea asked, frowning.
Rhea's face clouded with unease.
"We're still looking, but for some reason, it hasn't been going smoothly. Every time we find a suitable candidate, they vanish without a trace. To secure someone we can fully control, we have to be meticulous. Finding the fight person isn't easy." 
Zea took a deep breath. "Then keep looking! As for those two women, even if they're pregnant, I won't allow them to carry the child to term."
"Mrs. Atkinson, don't you think everything happening lately is too strange? Could the Holland family know about Mr. Manfred's condition and be secretly working against you? Rhea couldn't help but voice her concerns, leaning toward the darker possibility. 
Zea's face darkened in anger. "The Holland family is far off at the border. Even if they're on their wayz back, they wouldn't know what's happening in Vlario, right? And Mr. Holland Senior trusts me
под
completely. In the letters I've sent these past few years, I've always written that Manfred is in poor health and needs to be well cared for. There shouldn't be any problem." 
"They'll be arriving in Vlario soon. What if Manfred says something in front of them? What will you do then, Mrs. Atkinson?" Rhea asked, her voice filled with an ominous premonition.
Zea narrowed her eyes, her mind already working through a plan. "I won't let them see Manfred. I'll go to meet them first and tell them that he has an infectious disease."
"That could work," Rhea agreed cautiously.
A month passed, and Vivian was finally on her winter break.
As soon as the break started, she went on a vacation with Tyne and a few others.
They spent several days soaking up the sun on a small island, and by the time they returned, their skin had darkened. Afterward, Vivian spent a few days at Janine's house before finally returning to Galaxy Villa yesterday.
This morning, she was preparing her gear to go hiking.
The previous night, she had a vivid dream in which she saw Joe and Skylar in the mountains. A strong, inexplicable feeling told her that today, she had to visit the mountains to see if something important was there.
###chapter1859
Vivian was heading to the mountain where Joe and Skylar had once disappeared. It was a popular tourist attraction just outside of Jipsburg, a two-hour drive away.
Despite the well-established facilities and numerous surveillance cameras, her parents went missing in such a place. No footage had captured them.
Today, as she set out for the hike, she didn't tell anyone, only mentioning she had plans with some friends.
She didn't want to cause them any unnecessary worry. Vivian didn't drive herself. Instead, she took the direct shuttle to the tourist attraction, as she had brought along hiking gear.
Given that it was winter, there weren't many visitors, and the shuttle wasn't crowded.
As she gazed out the window during the ride, she was lost in thought, filled with a sense of regret.
"Why didn't I go hiking with them that day? If I had, maybe I would know what really happened," she thought about the mystery surrounding their disappearance, wondering if going to the mountain now would help her understand.
"Hey, are you hiking alone?" A middle-aged man sitting next to her interrupted her thoughts.
Vivian hadn't noticed when the middle-aged man sat down. She had been so focused on her thoughts when she boarded the bus that she didn't pay attention to the empty seat beside her.
Now, as she looked at him, she simply nodded in acknowledgment.
"Aren't you with a boyfriend or family?" Bud Snyder asked, his gaze intrusive and even somewhat aggressive as he looked Vivian up and down. His unabashed stare seemed completely oblivious to the nature of their situation.
Vivian's expression hardened. "Who I'm with is none of your business. I don't enjoy talking to strangers, so please return to your seat."
Bud was caught off guard by her sharp reply, but he pressed on, "It's dangerous to hike alone. I could accompany you if you like. Are you a freshman? Not going home for the winter break?" 
As Bud spoke, he deliberately showcased his watch, drawing attention to it. It was
an expensive brand, worth about tens of thousands of dollars, but it was fake.
Vivian had heard from her
roommates that some middle-aged men tried to lure younger women with money and that some girls in her school had fallen into such traps, entering shady exchanges. 
She never imagined she would encounter such a situation herself.
Not in the mood today, Vivian's patience wore thin. "Leave me alone," she said curtly.
Bud chuckled. "Such a young woman and with such a temper? I'm only trying to be a kind elder and show concern for you. You haven't seen much of the world, have you?
"I'm also hiking alone today, and it's boring with no one to talk to. If you keep me company, I could offer you a reward. Do you recognize this watch? I can give it to you after the hike." 
Bud placed the watch right in front of Vivian, hoping she would take a closer look at it.
He wanted her to scrutinize the watch more carefully. Many young women were easily deceived by luxury goods. He had pulled this trick on several other women before.
He hadn't expected to encounter a pretty young woman today while hiking, and he was eager to use his usual ploy once more.
To him, Vivian looked extremely young.
###chapter1860
Bud found Vivian exceptionally young and attractive, even more beautiful than some celebrities. He had secretly taken a few photos earlier.
He had shared with a few friends who had similar interests, expressing his intention to "win over" this young beauty.
But when he tried to make conversation, he was immediately rebuffed. It seemed that the younger they were, the more bold they acted. But he believed that, in the end, they could still be deceived by material things.
Vivian coldly responded, "Your watch is fake. Even if it were real, it would be worth just over ten thousand dollars, but the fake one might not even be worth several thousand dollars. Sir, please leave."
Normally, she was patient with older people, but she couldn't muster any for this
man.
Bud's face flushed with embarrassment, his frustration clear as he hadn't expected anyone to see through his fake watch. "You!"
Before Vivian could respond further, a woman from the front row turned to Bud and said, "I can tell. The young lady just wants some space. You're the one with bad intentions."
Bud felt frustrated but quickly realized that this young woman was not like the others he had encountered before she wasn't easily deceived. With a sigh of resignation, he reluctantly returned to his seat.
Vivian didn't care much about the encounter. But when she got off the bus, passed through the checkpoint at the tourist attraction, and climbed nearly halfway up the mountain, Bud appeared again.
"Hey, no need to be so harsh," he said, trying to make amends.
Vivian glanced around. There were only a few scattered people ahead. It was true that not many people visited the mountain in the winter.
She had chosen the same trail Joe and Skylar had hiked that day, and she was carefully studying the path when Bud once again interrupted her.
et jer
Seeing that Vivian didn't respond, Bud quickly added, "How did you figure out my watch was fake? I didn't think wearing something too flashy while hiking today was appropriate, so I brought a fake one. I have watches worth over 70 or 80 thousand dollars at home, but I didn't bring them." 
Vivian shot him a glance. "You've been following me since we entered the tourist attraction, haven't you?"
Bud's eyes flickered as he realized that the young woman before him was sharper than he had expected He smiled awkwardly, clearly off guard. "Well, it's just a
aught
coincidence. Now that there's no one around, let me be more straightforward. I'm interested in you, and I'd like to take care of you. 
"Just tell me how much you want per month. I can provide you with a life in the upper class, something most people will never experience."
"Upper class?" Vivian couldn't help but laugh, surprised by the absurdity of his words.
She took out her phone and called Paul, "Mr. Ziegler, I'm at Summit Mountain. Could you please contact the security or the manager of the tourist attraction? There's a man in his 40s bothering me."
"What? Vivian, don't worry. If he dares to harass you, don't hold back. Just make sure you don't kill him, and you can do whatever you need. I'll get someone right now." Paul's voice was filled with concern.
Vivian responded calmly, "Alright, I understand."
"Is that really necessary? Calling for help? You might still be in school and don't understand the complexities of the world. Do you really think the manager of the tourist attraction will get involved with something so vague?
"And as for this Mr. Ziegler you're calling, is he someone reliable? You should just give in and let me be your support."
He was convinced she was just trying to bluff, thinking that youth made her na?ve.
Vivian glanced at the hiking stick in her hand, which looked sturdy enough to be useful if she needed to defend herself.
"How about I fell you a little rumor about this place? It's something people don't usually talk about, but saw it with my own eyes. Do you know Joe Martin, the former CEO of Martin Group? He and his wife disappeared over two years ago. The news even covered it," Bud lowered his voice and glanced around before whispering to Vivian. 
###chapter1861
Upon hearing this, Vivian's expression shifted slightly. She immediately fixed her gaze on Bud, deep in thought.
Seeing her reaction, Bud grew a little pleased. It seemed like Vivian was
interested in the topic. After all, Joe was well known in Jipsburg, and most people had heard of him.
"At the time, when they disappeared, it just so happened that they were in this very tourist attraction. I was there too, trailing behind them. I didn't pay much attention then, thinking they were just ordinary people, but guess what happened next?" Bud suddenly paused for dramatic effect.
Vivian's face turned cold. "You're not suggesting you saw them disappear, are you?"
Bud swallowed nervously, seemingly recalling something unsettling. He looked around again to ensure no one else was close, then spoke in a hushed tone, "I know you young people don't believe in metaphysics, and the police probably don't either. That's why I didn't report it to them. But I did see how the two of them disappeared."
"You're lying." Vivian's voice was cold.
Bud seemed taken aback by her response. "Why would I lie? I've told this story to plenty of people, but no one believed me. Whether you believe it or not, consider it a legendary tale.
"Look over there, see that tree? They were right by that tree when suddenly, a flash of white light surrounded them, and then they vanished. I thought I was seeing things, but when I got home, I saw the news."
Bud described the scene in vivid detail, pointing to a century-old tree not far away, his eyes filled with a hint of genuine fear. This fear seemed real.
Vivian followed his gaze and looked at the tree. She suddenly felt something stir within her.
Just as she was about to walk toward the tree, Bud spoke again. "Just take it as a story. Now that we're acquainted, I've shared this secret with you. How about leaving me a contact number?"
Vivian turned her gaze away from the tree. "I remember that the Martin Group issued a statement offering a generous reward to anyone who could provide clues. If you really witnessed their disappearance, why didn't you come forward?" she asked.
Bud was surprised that she knew so much. He shrugged and explained casually, "I'm still not sure if it was a dream. And honestly, the police wouldn't believe me, and neither would the people from the Martin Group. If I spoke up, I might just end up making enemies. You're young; you don't understand how dark the world can be. If you offend the wrong person, you won't even know how you ended up dead."
At the time, he had thought it was just his imagination. Even now, he occasionally questioned whether it was a figment of his mind.
When he told others, they all said it was just a hallucination. He even thought so himself sometimes.
Now, telling a young woman about it was just an attempt to make conversation and build a connection.
Just then, two security guards hurried over.
The security guard barked at Bud, "Stop right there! Come with us to the security office."
Bud froze, staring at Vivian in disbelief. "You..."
"Don't worry, miss. The tourist
attraction has surveillance cameras.
Every step he's taken, how he has
been following you, has been
vel
recorded. And now, with him harassing you here, we can be witnesses. Just continue your hike, and we'll handle the rest, the head
of security, Jordan Hunter, said politely to Vivian. 
Jordan had just received a call from the tourist attraction manager earlier, who had made it clear that they couldn't afford to mess with this young lady.
In fact, across the entire city of Jipsburg, there weren't many people who could afford to cross her. They had no choice but to ensure her safety at all costs.
"I wasn't following her! I was just concerned! It's dangerous for a young woman to hike alone, so I stayed behind to watch over her. Besides, two years ago, someone
went missing here, and Sonet
were
never found. I was just worried something might happen to her." Bud quickly defended himself. 
The staff at the tourist attraction usually avoided discussing Joe's and Skylar's disappearance. The incident had been suppressed to protect the attraction's reputation, and even the manager strictly forbade any mention of it.
Everyone knew it was just too strange to explain.
"Enough with the nonsense! You don't know anything about what happened here. Come with us down the mountain and explain yourself," Jordan scolded.
Seeing that a few others had now reached the area, Bud began to feel the sting of embarrassment.
He cast one last unwilling look at Vivian, then muttered to Jordan, "Two years ago, I was right here when those two disappeared. You know I'm not making things up wasn't planning on going further up the mountain, but now, I'll go with you and see if you can uncover anything." 
He hadn't expected his attempt to charm a young woman would backfire on him.
It was becoming clear to him now that the young lady had some serious backing. There was no way someone would act so quickly if she didn't have a significant influence behind her.
###chapter1862
Vivian watched as the two security guards escorted Bud away.
Once they had gone far enough, she finally withdrew her gaze. It was only then that she felt herself completely calm.
Turning around, she glanced at the large tree again.
At that moment, a beam of sunlight broke through the clouds and seemed to fall directly onto the tree. It was as if a voice was urging her to approach. She closed
her eyes.
Her mind replayed the surveillance footage she had seen over two years ago. The place where her parents had disappeared in the surveillance footage was indeed at the midway point of the mountain.
There were no signs or traces that they had ever been higher up the slope.
Bud's words earlier seemed to hold some truth. Intuition told her it might be real.
Without hesitation, she began walking toward the tree.
Now, in her eyes, the tree seemed different from the others around it.
She reached the tree quickly. Surrounding it were more trees and some grass, all covered in snow.
The tree was the same. Snow still clung to it from yesterday's snowfall, and at this moment, the tree seemed bathed in a holy light.
She gently reached up and touched the bark.
"Dad, Mom," she whispered, her voice barely audible.
In the next moment, a bright white light flashed before her eyes. Vivian quickly
closed her eyes to shield herself from the intense glow.
When she opened her eyes again, the scene before her had completely changed. No longer was she standing near that towering tree or surrounded by the endless snow of the tourist attraction. Instead, she found herself in the middle of a bustling, vibrant marketplace. 
The street was full of old-world charm, with buildings and stalls that seemed to have stepped out of a historical painting. It felt as if she had walked into a scene from the past, the lively atmosphere of ancient times enveloping her. 
As she took in the sights and sounds of the market, she couldn't help but stand there, dumbfounded.
She thought to herself, "Where am I?"
Before she could contemplate further, she suddenly heard Joe's and Skylar's voices.
"I don't know if we'll ever get back. I miss our daughter so much," Skylar said, filled with longing.
Then Joe spoke, "Vivian is safe. She
rmom and your brothers
has your
looking after her. She'll be fine, and
she's grown up now! Don't worry. We
should be back soon."
###chapter1863
Skylar said, "As long as we find that copper mirror, we should be able to return without a hitch."
Joe responded, "We will find it."
It was just a few simple words, but they made Vivian's eyes well up with tears. She began searching the crowd.
They sounded so close. It was as if they were right beside her.
Her parents were alive.
They were alive, and they were here.
Tears glistened in Vivian's eyes as she anxiously pushed her way through the crowd, but she couldn't find her parents anywhere.
"Dad, Mom..."
She suddenly realized something was wrong. The people around her couldn't see her. She could even walk right through them.
She had come here because of that tree. That tree had brought her parents here, and it was through that tree that she had heard their conversation.
What she could confirm now was that her parents were still alive, and they were searching for a way to return home.
As soon as this thought crossed her mind, another burst of white light flashed before her.
It was bright and blinding.
When she opened her eyes again, she found herself back in front of the tree. However, it was now dusk.
She glanced at her watch. It was already 6:00 pm.
The tourist attraction should be closed by now. It was winter, so the sun set early.
Vivian's eyes remained red from tears as she looked at the sunset.
"Vivian! We finally found you!"
At the sound of her name, Vivian wiped her tears away and turned toward Steven, Harvey, Paul, and others.
A dozen staff members from the tourist attraction followed them. Their faces showed concern, but relief washed over their expressions as soon as they saw her.
"How come we
didn't see you when
we checked here earlier? Vivian,
17,
where have you been for the past few hours? The staff at the tourist attraction has been calling out to you, Steven said, walking up with a worried frown. 
When they learned that Vivian had gone hiking in the mountains, they were very concerned. And when they found out she was missing, the fear from their trauma of losing Skylar and Joe hit them hard. 
They immediately dropped everything and came straight here. Then they followed
the staff, searching everywhere.
Harvey's face was still pale. "You scared us to death. Do you know that?"
Paul signaled to the staff behind him, murmuring something. A few staff members then headed down the mountain.
Vivian looked at the three people in front of her Once everyone else had left and gone down the mountain, she immediately hugged Steven and sobbed, saying, "I saw Dad and MomI saw them! They're alive,
they're really alive." 
Upon hearing this, all three of them froze, their faces filled with disbelief as they looked at Vivian. But soon, their expressions softened.
Steven gently comforted her. "Don't be afraid. I'm here. Let's head down the mountain, okay? Once we're down, you can tell us everything that happened."
Vivian was still shaken, but with her family around her, her emotions started to calm down. Since they were still on the mountain, she knew it wasn't the right time to talk.
It wasn't until they were back in the car, heading down the mountain, that Vivian finally shared everything she had experienced.
###chapter1864
It all sounded a bit unbelievable. If anyone else had heard it, they might have dismissed Vivian's experience as nothing more than a dream.
But in the car, Steven, Harvey, and Paul were silent.
When they arrived earlier that afternoon, they had spoken to Bud, who had harassed Vivian. They knew what he had said to her, so when they learned that Vivian had disappeared near the massive tree, they believed her immediately.
After all, that tree had been inspected thoroughly by both them and the staff, who had repeatedly scoured the area.
"I'm certain it was Dad and Mom talking. They're trying to figure out a way to come back," Vivian said again.
Steven remained quiet for a few minutes before finally speaking. "As long as they're safe, they'll find their way back. You said they're looking for a copper mirror and that it's the key to returning, correct?"
"Yes, that's what I heard Dad say." Vivian nodded firmly.
"Finding something isn't hard. It's just a matter of time. Vivian, maybe you hearing them was destiny's way of connecting you. They'd never want to see anything happen to you. So, let's trust them and wait for their return," Steven said gently.
Vivian nodded obediently.
Harvey added, "What happened today can't happen again. If you ever want to come back here, call me first. I'll come with you."
Paul, who had been quiet until now, looked a little teary-eyed. Once the others had finished speaking, he said, "I always knew Mr. Martin and Mrs. Sullivan wouldn't just disappear for no reason. It turns out they accidentally traversed to another time. Knowing how capable they are, they'll find a way back. And I don't think we'll have to wait much longer. I'll make sure Galaxy Villa is ready for them."
Hearing Paul's words, Steven smiled and said, "In the two years they've been missing, you've already done an excellent job."
Their conversation quieted when they noticed that Vivian had fallen asleep, her eyes still swollen from crying.
What she had seen and heard today had shaken her to the core. For a woman not even 20, it was overwhelming. Even for the three men, the reality was hard to process.
For Steven and Harvey especially, the past two years had been filled with relentless efforts to find Skylar. No matter how many people told them she was gone, they refused to believe it. Even with the slimmest hope, they vowed to find her-or at least find closure. 
One of the reasons they believed Vivian's accounts so quickly was because they
had occasionally dreamed of past lives over the past two years.
Over the years, Skylar had dealt with numerous negative items, and the family had witnessed firsthand the countless effects they brought. They had experienced and encountered enough to understand their impact. 
Because of this, no matter how unbelievable or otherworldly something seemed,
as long as it involved Skylar, they would believe it without question.
"Should we tell Mom about what happened today?" Harvey asked, turning to Steven.
Steven's expression was grave. "Mom's health hasn't been great these past couple of years. Ted isn't doing too well, either. Let's keep this between us for now. We don't want to worry them unnecessarily."
"Alright," Harvey agreed.
Vivian wasn't in a deep sleep. The car moved smoothly, and though her eyes were closed, she could still make out snippets of Steven and Harvey's conversation.
She didn't know why her body felt so weak as if she didn't even have the strength to open her eyes. Perhaps it was the overwhelming emotions of hearing her parents' voice after so long.
She had been debating whether to tell them about Manfred, but she hesitated.
She worried that sharing this would only add to their burdens.
Yet, another thought lingered in her mind.
If... If she could find Manfred again, perhaps he could help her locate her parents and bring them back.
After all, the accents, attire, and
other details from the place she had glimpsed through the voices bore an uncanny resemblance to the world where Manfred resided. When she first appeared in his world, a voice told her he would be the key to finding her parents. 
###chapter1865
Right now, Vivian deeply wished she could see Manfred again. But it had been over a month, and no matter how she tried, she couldn't meet him.
"Vivian? Wake up, we're here." Harvey's gentle voice brought her out of her half- conscious state.
Vivian slowly opened her eyes, blinking groggily at Harvey. "Uncle Harvey, we've arrived?"
"Yeah, you'll be staying at my place tonight," Harvey said, his tone calm but firm. None of them felt comfortable letting Vivian stay alone at Galaxy Villa.
Steven's house was bustling with family members, so it wasn't exactly quiet, while Harvey lived alone in a spacious and peaceful home.
The driver had already dropped off Steven and Paul. Vivian, still feeling drained and lethargic, followed Harvey into his home while stifling a yawn.
Seeing how tired she was, Harvey softly said, "Why don't you go take a shower first? Your clothes are in your room. I'll quickly make some pasta for us."
Since Vivian and the others often liked to visit him, Harvey had renovated a few guest rooms in his house specifically for them. He had also made sure to stock up on all the daily essentials they might need.
Vivian nodded slightly and headed to her designated room. Meanwhile, Harvey started cooking while talking to Howard over the phone.
"She's been listless since coming down from the mountain. She still doesn't have any energy. Do you think she caught a cold? What medicine should I give her?"
Howard replied, "Don't worry too much. It's likely due to the emotional toll she's been through today. Think back to when Mr. Martin and Mrs. Martin went missing over two years ago. Vivian was so young, but she stayed strong and didn't cry. But today, she did.
"It could be due to emotional strain, or she might have caught a cold. Check her temperature and see if she's running a fever. If she does, give her some medicine. I'll send you a list of medicines she can take."
Hearing this, Harvey relaxed a bit. "Got it, thanks."
After dinner, Harvey used an infrared thermometer to check Vivian's temperature. Sure enough, she had a fever-102°F.
Vivian drowsily took the medicine, and not wanting Harvey to worry, she murmured as she fell asleep, "Uncle Harvey, I'm fine. My health is great."
"Alright, you sleep. If you don't feel well, let me know, and I'll take you to the hospital," Harvey replied, still a little concerned.
Vivian smiled weakly and replied,
"Don't worry, Uncle Harvey. I've only been to the hospital twice in my life. It's just a cold or fever, nothing serious. I'll feel better after a nap. You should rest too." 
"Alright."
Once Harvey left, Vivian quickly fell asleep, though her rest wasn't peaceful.
She felt as though a fog appeared before her eyes after she fell asleep. Through
the mist, she could vaguely make out a vanity table with a copper mirror in front of
it.
In the reflection of the copper mirror,
a face appeared. But the fog was too thick, swirling around, preventing her from seeing who it was. A copper mirror... She wondered if it could be the one Joe and Skylar had been searching for. 
She felt a sudden urge to push the mist away and run toward the vanity table. But no matter how hard she tried, the vanity table kept moving farther and farther away untit vanished completely. 
"Don't go... Stop..." she whispered in her dream.
She had to find the copper mirror for her parents. They needed it.
The next moment, everything around her changed rapidly.
###chapter1866
Vivian suddenly saw a man.
The man stood tall, his presence cold and commanding. Although she could only see his back, an undeniable aura made her hold her breath, a pressure that could almost be felt.
The figure was somewhat unfamiliar but also strangely familiar.
But for some reason, a sense of loneliness emanated from his back, a deep solitude that made her heart ache. She paused for a moment, then stepped forward.
As she got closer to his back, it felt as though an invisible barrier was separating them, preventing her from getting any closer. Then, she fell into a deep sleep.
Meanwhile, outside her blanket, the bracelet on her wrist faintly glowed. Just as Harvey came in to check her temperature, he almost dropped the infrared thermometer in his hand.
His eyes widened as he stared at the glowing bracelet on Vivian's wrist.
If he hadn't seen it with his own eyes, he would have thought there was something wrong with his vision. It was just too surreal.
By the time he reacted and tried to grab his phone to record it, the glow had already faded.
Harvey hesitated but ultimately decided not to wake Vivian.
The events of today were enough to shake his understanding of reality. But he remembered what Skylar had told them a few years ago—that she and Joe would face a great trial, and so would Vivian. She had reassured them that it was something they all had to go through.
The bracelet, Skylar and Joe's disappearance, the mysterious tree, and the copper mirror Vivian mentioned earlier had to be connected.
He decided to wait until tomorrow when Vivian woke up and asked her if she had experienced anything similar with the bracelet before.
In a small, dilapidated storage shed, the wind howled through the cracks.
Zea and Cyril, huddled together in the corner among the straw, trying to use it to shield themselves from the cold wind.
The entire storage shed was drafty, with the cold wind seeping through every crack. The straw they used to insulate themselves was just as cold, offering no warmth at all.
"Mom, I'm so cold. I'm so hungry. Can you please beg Manfred for help? Maybe he can give us a blanket or at least some food!" Cyril was already emaciated, his body barely recognizable.
After enduring two years of unbearable hardship, the once proud scion of the prestigious Atkinson family had lost all his dignity. He would do anything for a bite to eat.
"It's useless to beg him! Just endure
a little longer. In a couple of days, he'll surely send food and a blanket," Zea said, her voice lacking the authority of the proud woman she had once been. 
Since the Holland family returned to Vlario two years ago, all her past deeds had been exposed, and Manfred had locked her away.
These past two years, she and Cyril had been subjected to torment. The way they had once treated Manfred, he now repaid them with the same cruelty.
Cyril couldn't take it anymore. "It's so cold! My skin is covered in frostbite, and my toes feel like they've frozen off! I just want to eat some chicken legs and some beef ribs! I can't stand eating scraps anymore." 
Zea felt utterly helpless. She regretted everything.
If she had known this would happen, she would never have treated Manfred that way. She should never have foolishly believed the Hollands wouldn't stand up for him.
And she should never have underestimated him. The life they were now living, Manfred had endured for years! She regretted it all.
But Manfred was heartless. No matter how much she and Cyril begged or apologized, he never showed any mercy. He had locked them up here, declaring to the outside world that they had gone mad, before leaving Vlario 
They had once hoped that Randall would save them, but...
###chapter1867
Two years ago, Randall had suffered a stroke. Completely incapacitated, he could no longer take care of himself.
Whenever he tried to speak, drool spilled from his mouth.
It all started after a reckless night with Fern and Virginia. When they discovered he had suffered a stroke, all three of them were found naked.
In the chaos that followed, several doctors, including royal doctors, confirmed that Randall had suffered a stroke and would be bedridden for the rest of his life.
The two women responsible for his condition were sold off immediately by Zea.
From that point on, things spiraled out of control. Manfred's rise to power was swift, and with the help of the Holland family, he eventually became the new head of the Atkinson family.
This rendered Zea and Cyril's attempts at self-preservation meaningless.
Now, whenever Zea thought about those years, it felt like a nightmare she couldn't wake up from. She almost constantly regretted not having eliminated Manfred seven or eight years ago.
If she had, she could have claimed to the Atkinson family that Manfred had passed away due to illness.
"We just have to hold on a little longer. I'll make sure everyone knows Manfred's true nature!" Zea's eyes were filled with rage, and her teeth ground together in frustration.
However, Cyril couldn't hold on any longer. He became increasingly unhinged.
"I'm the scion of the Atkinson family! You all have to listen to me! Kill Manfred! Kill him! End him! Hahaha... I'm the future head, not him! Manfred is nothing but a dog-a dog I will torture! Hahaha!"
These words echoed every day. The maids in the Atkinson family had grown so accustomed to them that they had become numb, pretending not to hear a thing.
Upon hearing those words, Zea's face turned pale. Looking at her son, who had already lost his sanity, she had become numb to it all.
But deep inside, her hatred kept growing. She hated Manfred. She loathed the maid in the household who had flattered and fawned over Manfred, treating her with cruelty just to gain his favor. 
Once she managed to escape this wretched storage shed, she would make them all pay dearly.
The sounds from the storage shed reached Manfred's ears as he sat reading in his study.
The book in his hands was unlike any other book sold in stores today. It looked more refined, with even lifelike illustrations.
Anyone who saw it would surely be shocked and curious about how Manfred acquired such rare and unusual books.
But Kemp, who stood beside him, was no longer surprised.
After more than two years of serving Manfred, he had seen all sorts of bizarre things. He even occasionally overheard Manfred call out a woman's name— Vivian.
He had spent enough time around Manfred to know that he harbored a secret— one he didn't want anyone else to discover.
"Mr. Holland Senior just sent words. He wishes for you to visit Holland Residence if you have time in the next few days. He misses you," Kemp said.
Manfred barely looked up from the book, his voice soft as he responded, "Okay."
Kemp said nothing more. He understood why Glen wanted Manfred to visit Holland Residence.
This year, Manfred was already 20 years old. By this age, most men would already be married, perhaps even fathers of several children, and surrounded by more than one woman. 
But Manfred hadn't married yet, and many young women in Vlario were
interested in him, including a ten?
daughters from the Holland family who wanted to marry him. 
However, when Manfred appeared in public, he always seemed distant and cold, completely indifferent to any beautiful women who stood before him.
Even when he attended a banquet in the palace, he showed no interest in the princess' advances.
###chapter1868
Rumors about Manfred had begun to spread across Vlario, growing increasingly unfavorable.
People speculated that the years he spent ill had left him as useless as Cyril had once been. Some speculated that he might never marry, and even if he did, it would be purely for appearances.
Glen was furious. He couldn't stand hearing such slander about this grandson.
Moreover, every time he thought about the years of torment Manfred had endured, Glen felt overwhelming guilt toward his daughter, who had been tragically taken from him.
With these thoughts weighing on him, Glen was determined to find Manfred a wife someone he would truly cherish.
"Is it snowing outside?" Manfred asked suddenly.
Kemp snapped out of his thoughts. "It is," he replied promptly.
Hearing this, Manfred closed the book in his hands, carefully placing it on a
nearby cabinet before standing. "Let's go for a walk," he said.
"Yes, Mr. Atkinson," Kemp responded.
Over the past few years, Manfred had developed a habit. Whenever it snowed, he would walk to a particular courtyard where he used to live. Once there, he would linger for hours, allowing no one to disturb him.
The courtyard itself had undergone continuous renovations, always maintained meticulously.
Many people speculated why Manfred hadn't demolished it. After all, it was in this very courtyard that he had suffered countless horrors. Anyone else in his position would have torn it down and never set foot there again.
After all, after Manfred left this place, those who had once mistreated him, like Randall, Zea, and a few others, had all faced various forms of torment and punishment.
Instead, Manfred ensured it was preserved, barring anyone from entering unless it was for repairs.
This decision puzzled many. Perhaps only Kemp understood why.
Kemp admired the mysterious woman who had left such a profound mark on Manfred. Anyone who could hold his memory for so long must have been extraordinary.
...
The next morning, Vivian woke up feeling much better, the fever having subsided, Over breakfast, she overheard Harvey mention that her bracelet had glowed in the middle of the night. Startled, she widened her eyes in disbelief. 
"Uncle Harvey, are you sure it was this bracelet?"
Harvey nodded. "It did. What's the story behind this bracelet? Could it be some kind of negative item?"
"It's not a negative item. If it were, I wouldn't keep it on me," Vivian replied, pushing her food around her plate. Her appetite had suddenly disappeared.
She was eager to return to Galaxy Villa to test whether this bracelet could help her connect with Manfred.
The bracelet had been dormant for weeks, showing no signs of activity. Yet, during her fevered sleep, it had somehow responded.
"If it's not some kind of negative item, how can it glow? This looks like a genuine emerald charm-not the kind of cheap knockoff that lights@p," Harvey said, his tone laced with suspicion. He couldn't shake the feeling that there was something off about the bracelet. 
Vivian's reaction to the news about the glowing bracelet was also suspicious. It was clear she was hiding something from them.
"Don't worry, Uncle Harvey. It's genuine emerald charm; nothing suspicious about it. The glow might have something to do with my hike yesterday," she explained quickly.
Mentioning the hike jogged her memory, and her brows knitted together. Yesterday, I disappeared for just a few minutes, but when came back, hours had passed. It was already dark. That doesn't feel normal," she said, her voice tinged with unease. 
Harvey pondered her words. "Could it be that time flows differently between... wherever you went and here?"
After all, it had been two different worlds.
He couldn't shake the thought of Skylar and Joe. After a sleepless night, he
wondered how they survived in that unfamiliar place.
###chapter1869
"Time flows differently?" Vivian almost dismissed the thought. After all, the time gaps had always been similar every time she had gone to find Manfred.
The sky would darken here, and it would be the same on his side.
However, she quickly negated her thoughts. Considering the two separate worlds, coupled with how she hadn't been able to see Manfred recently, it was possible that the time difference had something to do with it.
Or maybe it was something she just couldn't fully grasp. Regardless, all the speculations would only be clarified when she could finally see Manfred.
"Uncle Harvey, if I told you that I might be able to use this bracelet to reach the world where my parents are and find them, would you believe me? Or would you think I'm just dreaming?" Vivian asked seriously.
Harvey's heart skipped a beat at her words.
He then responded earnestly, "Of course, I believe you without a doubt. You're not daydreaming. If you can find your parents, anything you need, I'll be there for you."
Vivian's eyes reddened. "You're the best, Uncle Harvey."
The two talked for a little while longer before Vivian expressed her wish to return to Galaxy Villa. Harvey had work to do, but he still agreed to take her back to the villa.
However, he was worried about Vivian. Before leaving, he reminded her to call him if she felt unwell, or else he would have Edgar return to take care of her.
Vivian quickly refused. "No, no, I can take care of myself. Uncle Harvey, I'm grown up now. Today, I just want to quietly read some books and find some materials. The fridge is stocked. I can make myself something to eat. Don't worry."
Harvey smiled. "Our Vivian has indeed grown up. Alright, I trust you can take care of yourself."
After watching Harvey leave, Vivian rushed back inside Galaxy Villa.
Once inside, she headed straight for her walk-in closet, searching for clothes? Although she was only guessing she might be able to meet Manfred, she still wanted to be prepared. 
She found a period costume and quickly changed into it, styling her hair simply. Looking in the mirror, she truly resembled an elegant woman from a past era.
Then she found a bag and filled it with some essentials and a few books. Once everything was ready, she silently repeated the name in her mind, Manfred Atkinson.
The Holland family had been one of the most prominent families in Vlario since Glen's time.
Glen was a national hero in his youth, a general who safeguarded his country and made enemy nations tremble. His two sons and grandson are all currently stationed at military posts. 
It could be said that the Holland family had an unrivaled status in Vlario. However, the family had a rule that no woman would enter the palace, a pact made by Glen and the king. 
Because of this rule, the Holland family had always been trusted and honored. Although Glen had returned to Vlario, his two sons and grandson remained stationed at the borders.
Glen's return had also drawn the attention of many to Manfred.
###chapter1870
Many people wanted to marry their daughters to Manfred because of the powerful Holland family behind him.
This morning, after finishing his breakfast, Manfred arrived at Holland Residence. As soon as he met Glen, a few more people came in to greet him. They were his cousins, who had just returned to Vlario not long ago.
Manfred's eyes turned cold as soon as they entered.
The scent they carried was overwhelming. Each of them wore a strong perfume, a carefully crafted blend designed to complement their clothing and personal preferences. While many might find the fragrance pleasant, Manfred could only perceive it as overpowering and irritating.
"Manfred, I heard you're knowledgeable about medicine. You even gave grandfather a prescription for his health. Could you take a look at me as well? I've been feeling unwell these past few days," Geneva Holland said. She wore a pale yellow dress, her large round eyes sparkling with a lively charm.
She was the type of person who easily attracted goodwill. Geneva was also one of Glen's favorite granddaughters. Seeing her speak up first, Glen smiled warmly.
"Very well, very well. As expected of my granddaughter, you listen well to what I say," Glen thought to himself.
Geneva's cheerful and lively personality, combined with her maturity from a young age, made her a perfect match for Manfred, who had always been distant and cold, rarely showing any warmth to others. After the many years of hardship he had endured, Manfred needed someone by his side who could understand him, someone who could offer both warmth and understanding.
He didn't trust women whose backgrounds were unknown, but he was confident that Geneva, as his granddaughter, was a safer choice.
The two other women in the room also chimed in, claiming they were feeling unwell and directing expectant gazes at Manfred.
Manfred was undeniably handsome, and among the men in Vlario, he was one of the most striking. Many women wanted to marry into the Holland family.
Every time they attended a banquet, Manfred was always the center of attention. No matter what people said about him outside, they didn't care. Their grandfather would never harm them.
Besides, they all knew about
Manfred's past. Marrying him would mean becoming the head of the household without having to deal with complicated relationships with a mother-in-law. It was far better than marrying anyone else especially since he was their cousin. 
Even the princess in the palace had taken a liking to Manfred. It was clear just
how captivating he was to women. His face alone could make anyone unable to look away.
Sitting beside them, Glen couldn't
help but smile as he watched the crowd surrounding Manfred. He thought to himself, "Well, well,
Manfred might be cold by natiel
but one day, he'll soften and become the gentle man everyone expects." 
"Manfred, why don't you help them out? There aren't many trustworthy doctors in this city," Glen said with a smile.
"Yes, Manfred, please help us," Geneva added sweetly, using her charm.
Manfred's eyes turned even colder, his patience all but exhausted. "I do not treat women's ailments. A woman should maintain her dignity. It is inappropriate for me to be so close to you," he said firmly.
His words, though indirect, made it clear. "Stay away from me."
Standing at the door, Kemp immediately picked up on the subtle message.
Glen couldn't help but twitch his lips in an attempt to hold back a smile. "You're
their cousin. Don't be so uptight about etiquette."
Geneva and the others were immediately taken aback, their faces filled with embarrassment as they fumbled for words.
"Men and women should keep a respectful distance. I know a doctor in Vlario who specializes in women's health. I send someone to bring. him over shortly," Manfred said, his tone still cold but somewhat accommodating, clearly only doing this as a favor to his grandfather. 
Glen sighed inwardly. "Could what they say about him be true? Either he's incapable, or he simply doesn't like women?"
###chapter1871
Geneva and her two sisters exchanged glances, their faces showing clear signs of embarrassment. After all, they were women, and their pride wasn't as thick- skinned.
Although they were in Holland Residence, with only Glen present and no other onlookers, the repeated rejections from Manfred had left them feeling awkward.
It was hard for them to understand why he was so dismissive of them. They couldn't figure out where they had fallen short. Manfred carried himself with such arrogance, looking down on them as if they were beneath him.
"Forget it then. I don't trust other doctors anyway," Geneva quickly responded, her earlier embarrassment fading as she adjusted. She was no longer bothered.
A man like Manfred, who was one of a kind, was rare in the world. Considering what he had been through in the past few years, she felt sympathy for him, not resentment.
Once a man like that committed to a woman, it would be for a lifetime.
The fact that he was hard to approach only made her want to cherish him more. The other two ladies also smiled and thanked him, saying they didn't need any help. They then handed over the small gifts they had prepared for him.
There were mosquito-repelling sachets, silk handkerchiefs, and emerald pendants, all of which conveyed the sentiment of a woman's delicacy and care.
Glen watched with satisfaction. These three granddaughters brought back from the border, were his pride.
Each one of them was smart, and if one of them could marry Manfred, it would be their good fortune.
"Manfred, you'll accept these, right? They are their heartfelt gifts," Glen said, seeing that Manfred hadn't taken the gifts yet.
Manfred had no interest in such things. He wasn't planning to accept anything from his cousins.
He glanced toward Kemp, who was standing by the door, and ordered, "Kemp, take care of these for me."
Kemp immediately walked over and took the gifts from the three young ladies' hands. Their disappointment grew even more as he did.
They had put a lot of thought into preparing these gifts. Yet now, their carefully chosen offerings hadn't even been touched by Manfred. Instead, Kemp was the one to take them.
It truly felt like their sincere efforts had been disregarded.
Meanwhile, a figure appeared at the doorway. A figure no one else could see.
Vivian blinked in surprise as she opened her eyes, momentarily stunned by the ancient yet beautiful architecture in front of her. She was filled with excitement.
She could travel through time again.
However, the seene around her seemed unfamiliar, and she wasn't sure if this was the place where Manfred was. Moreover, she could see unfamiliar faces through the door. They were speaking to each other, and three young women were gathered around a man. 
The man had his back to her, his tall figure both strange and familiar.
Other than this man, she didn't recognize anyone else in the room. The three women were offering gifts to the man, and as another woman, she could clearly see the sparkle in their eyes. They couldn't take their eyes off him. 
Curiosity piqued, she continued to observe. Her presence didn't seem to catch anyone's attention. There were a couple of maids standing by the door, but they hadn't noticed her either. 
She realized that, just like before, the people in this world couldn't see her.
Driven by curiosity, she decided to step inside. She wanted to see the man up close.
Perhaps he had something to do with Manfred. After all, if she was calling his name, it made sense she would appear here.
It had been a while since she had appeared, so surely Manfred had escaped his struggles by now.
"My goodness, everything in here is an antique, priceless treasure! If I brought just one piece to the modern world, it could be worth a fortune."
###chapter1872
Vivian stepped into the room, her eyes immediately drawn to the stunning antiques displayed around her. She couldn't help but gasp in awe.
Manfred's body suddenly stiffened, a fire igniting in his eyes. The noise of the conversation around him turned into a dull hum in his ears, and all he could hear was the voice that had been on his mind for the past two years.
Vivian's eyes sparkled as she walked toward an emerald-carved orchids. She observed it carefully. The quality of the emerald was truly extraordinary.
Such clarity and color couldn't be found in any modern emerald.
"It's stunning!" she whispered to herself.
Since she was young, Vivian had learned how to identify antiques from Skylar, and she could immediately tell that the orchids before her were incredibly valuable.
Her exclamation made Manfred abruptly turn around.
When he saw Vivian dressed in a period costume, his body froze. For a moment,
he thought the scene in front of him was another illusion.
"Manfred?"
Geneva noticed Manfred's sudden, distracted gaze and immediately grew concerned.
"Manfred?" Glen also noticed something unusual.
Since his return to Vlario, he had never seen him look so startled. He couldn't understand why he was suddenly acting this way.
Vivian sensed the change in the room's atmosphere. She could feel someone looking at her, and she panicked. She wondered if the people in the room could see her now, but that seemed impossible.
After a moment of hesitation, she gathered her courage and glanced at the person looking at her. Her gaze met a pair of deep, dark eyes. They were surprised, and there was even a trace of tears.
But his astonishment paled in comparison to hers. "You're Manfred?"
The man before her had the same face as Manfred, but something about him was distinctly different.
Manfred's features were sharper now, and his presence exuded an overwhelming, oppressive aura. He had grown taller and more imposing, his posture even more upright and defined.
Where he had once been just a little taller than Vivian, it now seemed he towered over her by nearly a full head.
It was an undeniable transformation. It felt as though she was facing two different people. But the moment their eyes met, she could still recognize him as Manfred.
Hearing Vivian speak his name,
1.n
Manfred's throat tightened. The shock in his eyes was impossible conceal Without hesitation, he strode toward her, seized her wrist, and began leading her out of the room. 
Vivian had no time to react, caught off guard as she was pulled along with him. The people in the room, including Glen, watched in
confusion. They had no idea what had happened to him.
"Grandpa, what's going on? Why did Manfred suddenly leave without a word?" Geneva asked, her confusion mirrored by the other two women.
Glen was also startled. "He probably just remembered something important. Don't worry about it too much. You all go ahead. Kemp, stay behind for a moment."
Geneva and the other two women quickly followed Glen's instructions without question. They nodded and left the room.
Once they were gone, Glen turned to Kemp. "You've been by Manfred's side for over two years. Have you ever seen him act like this?"
He looked completely lost.
It seemed like the rumors might be true. Manfred had been rumored to be involved with some kind of female spirit, which supposedly made it impossible for him to. experience normal emotions for human women. 
Kemp, equally puzzled, shook his head. "I'm not sure, Mr. Holland Senior."
"Follow him back to the Atkinson residence. Make sure nothing happens to him," Glen ordered.
"Yes, Mr. Holland Senior," Kemp replied.
###chapter1873
Inside the carriage, Vivian marveled at her surroundings. It was her first time riding in one.
Although some modern tourist attractions offered carriage rides, this experience felt entirely different.
The carriage was incredibly well-equipped for its size. She could even have lemon tea inside.
The seat cushions were made from soft and warm animal fur, adding comfort.
"For me, it's been only a month or two, but it's been more than two years for you? No wonder you're so different now," Vivian said, still in a bit of awe.
At first, there had been a sense of unfamiliarity. But after they briefly explained their situations to each other, that familiar feeling returned.
Upon hearing Vivian's explanation, Manfred felt the self-doubt and insecurity that had been lingering in his heart vanish. She hadn't avoided him because of disdain.
It turned out that while two years had passed for him, it had only been one or two months for her, and she never gave up on coming to find him.
A smile spread across Manfred's face as he asked, "Have I gotten ugly?"
Vivian immediately shook her head. "No, you've only gotten more handsome!" He truly looked as if he could compare to Joe in looks.
Manfred's eyes sparkled with more than just a smile. "You haven't changed at all."
She was still the same as she had been over two years ago. It was as if, with just her presence, she could effortlessly make him happy.
Vivian pulled back the curtain and looked outside. The streets were bustling with crowds.
She suddenly felt the urge to get out and walk around.
The streets gave her a sense of familiarity, as though Joe and Skylar had left their mark on this place.
"Can we get down and walk for a bit?"
Manfred had wanted nothing more than to spend time alone with Vivian. Every time she stayed, it felt too short, and he feared that
everything before him might bel.no
nothing more than a fleeting dream. Still, he wanted her to enjoy herself. 
"Alright."
He signaled for the carriage to stop, then immediately helped Vivian_ down. The coachman, Baz Obrien, and Kemp, who had been watching from the side, were both stunned. 
They couldn't see Vivian, but they saw Manfred helping someone down. He then turned to them and said, "You two can head to the Atkinson residence."
Kemp and Baz exchanged puzzled glances. They opened their mouths, wanting to clarify something, but felt it was inappropriate to speak openly in public.
They both had the same thought. Manfred seemed a bit off.
Manfred kept glancing at a space beside him, wearing a smile they hadn't seen before. Occasionally, it looked like he was speaking to someone, though they couldn't hear what was being said. 
They couldn't help but feel something was off about Manfred.
After a brief pause, Kemp turned to Baz. "You head back first. I'll take care of a few things here."
"Understood," Baz replied.
Kemp then turned and headed back to see Glen.
Meanwhile, Manfred and Vivian leisurely strolled through the streets after getting off the carriage.
Everything Vivian saw filled her with wonder. Her only experiences of the past had come from films, television, books, and old paintings.
Now, she was living it firsthand, truly witnessing how people from ancient times lived—a completely new and fascinating experience.
It was the most authentic display of life and bustling streets she had ever seen.
As they walked, Vivian kept glancing at the storefronts, searching for any familiar traces left behind by her parents.
###chapter1874
However, Vivian knew that this was like looking for a needle in a haystack. Such street scenes were common in earlier eras.
"What would you like? I'll buy it for you," Manfred said when he saw the sparkling look in Vivian's eyes as she gazed around. She seemed intrigued by everything she saw.
Vivian shook her head and said, "I won't buy anything yet. I just want to look around first. By the way, don't talk to me too much. There are so many people here. They can't see me, but if you keep talking to someone invisible, they'll think you're strange."
Manfred smiled softly, his lips curving upward. "Alright," he replied.
He didn't care how others viewed him. To him, those unrelated people were nothing. If they thought he was odd, so be it.
After walking for a while, Vivian stopped in front of a pastry shop.
The pastries displayed there were so exquisite, and they were traditional desserts that were rarely seen in modern times. Even if they were available, they would never be this beautifully crafted, and their taste would surely not be as authentic.
Vivian swallowed and considered buying some, but then she thought of Manfred's situation.
She had wanted to ask about his recent circumstances on their carriage ride, but she had been so distracted by the idea of shopping.
These pastries looked expensive. The people coming in and out of the shop were dressed in fine fabrics, not ordinary folks wearing rough clothing.
"Would you like something? We can go in and pick a few," Manfred asked Vivian, then moved to take her into the pastry shop.
Vivian quietly asked, "Do you... have any money?"
Manfred paused for a moment, then understood why she was standing there
unsure. She was worried that he might not have enough money.
He chuckled and replied softly, "I'm now the head of the Atkinson family, and I can buy whatever you want. Don't worry."
Vivian's face lit up, and she grinned. "Great! Then I won't hold back."
She stepped into the pastry shop eagerly.
It seemed that over the past two years, Manfred had gone through a lot and had changed greatly. He was a very different person now.
Manfred followed her inside.
Although Manfred had never been to a place like this before, he wasn't particularly curious about it. Pastries like these didn't interest him much.
But if Vivian liked them, then he would too.
As Vivian pointed out the pastries she was interested in, Manfred gave instructions to the shop assistant to pack them up one by one.
"Everything looks delicious. It's just that my stomach is small and can't hold too much, so I'll come back next time to try the others," Vivian said, her eyes shining as she
admired the pastries she hadn't yet bought. 
The craftsmanship of the pastry makers was impressive. It was obvious that the
people who made them put a lot of thought into their work.
Earlier, they had also passed by a
jewelry store, its display of fine treasures and accessories also
catching Vivian's attention. Such exquisite items were impossible to find in the modern world. 
Manfred turned to the shop assistant and said, "Pack up two of each, and make sure to wrap them well."
"Of course, sir!"
Vivian quickly protested. "It's too much! We can't eat all of it."
"If we can't finish it, you can take it home and enjoy it later," Manfred said with a smile.
He couldn't bear to see her admire something she couldn't have. Whatever she wanted, he wanted to give it to her.
Vivian's face lit up with a sweet smile. "Thank you, Manfred! I'm so happy to see you again."
The thought of tasting all the pastries made her even more excited.
Manfred's expression softened as he gazed at her, his eyes reflecting the sparkle of her lively features. "I'm happy too. It's truly a joy to see you again."
After leaving the pastry shop, they began walking toward the Atkinson residence. The distance wasn't far, but as they walked and shopped along the way, they didn't realize it was already getting dark. 
Manfred glanced up at the sky and felt a sudden unease.
###chapter1875
It had been nearly two hours since Vivian appeared, but to Manfred, time had passed in the blink of an eye. It felt so fast that he still couldn't shake the feeling that it was all just a dream.
A dream that seemed unreal, like the person in front of him could disappear at any moment.
The two of them had walked down a narrow alley.
There weren't many people around here. Walking side by side, Vivian held a pastry in her hand and delicately tasted it, her face filled with happiness from the delicious food.
Unknowingly, she noticed a change in Manfred's mood.
"What's wrong? Are you tired from walking?" she asked.
Manfred glanced down at her. "It's nothing. Are you about to leave again?"
Vivian had been so engrossed at the moment that she hadn't noticed how much time had passed. Now, seeing that many houses ahead had string lights hanging outside, she suddenly realized. "I haven't been paying attention, but I've been here for quite a while, haven't I?"
Manfred nodded stiffly.
Vivian lowered her head thoughtfully, forgetting about the half-eaten pastry in her hand. At that moment, Manfred's gaze lingered on her, his eyes filled with something he couldn't hide.
There was a trace of longing in them. He didn't want her to leave.
They walked a few more steps, and then Vivian suddenly stopped. She looked up at Manfred and said, "I don't know why, but this time I don't feel like I need to leave. I used to always feel that way as if I'd have to leave any moment, but this time, I don't have that feeling. It's as if I have a premonition that I can stay for a long time."
It might be related to the long duration of this time travel.
She was unsure how much time had passed in the modern world since she arrived, but she was also hesitant to leave hastily.
Vivian was afraid that if she left again, she would return to find that several years, or even decades, had passed.
Manfred's eyes widened in disbelief as he stared at Vivian. "You can stay?" he asked, his voice filled with astonishment.
"I believe so, but I'm not sure how long I can stay this time," Vivian said, feeling confident about staying The only uncertainty was the duration of her stay. 
Manfred felt a rush of joy filled him. "That's wonderful! Truly wonderful!"
Seeing how happy Manfred was that she could stay longer, Vivian felt a wave of happiness as well. She gazed at his chiseled features, noticing the reflection of herself in his dark eyes. For a moment her heart skipped a beat. 
Her heart began to race.
She quickly turned her gaze back to the pastry in her hand, taking another bite, trying to calm herself.
Manfred's dips curved into a smile,
happiness he had never known
а
before overtaking him. He found
himself walking lighter, the joy
making each step feel easier.
Meanwhile, Kemp had arrived in front of Glen, ready to report to him.
Kemp shared Manfred's unexpected behavior, and Glen listened, stunned, unable to believe what he was hearing.
###chapter1876
Glen said, "A female spirit? And he has strange and unusual items with him? Why didn't you tell me this earlier?"
Kemp bowed his head in guilt. "Mr. Holland Senior, Mr. Atkinson didn't want
anyone to know. I thought it was a private matter, perhaps something given to him by someone special. But after seeing his unusual behavior today, I realized I must inform you. This can't be hidden any longer."
Glen's expression grew grave. "A female spirit... talking to a female spirit? No wonder he's so indifferent to Geneva and the others. He's cold to every young woman in Vlario. It seems he's been ensnared by this spirit."
"What should we do now?" Kemp asked, his concern evident.
Frowning deeply, Glen replied, "I've heard whispers before, tales about the Atkinson residence being haunted, but I never gave it much weight. Now it seems we must address it. Fortunately, I have a friend arriving in Vlario soon.
"Once he's here, I'll have him visit the Atkinson residence. No matter how formidable this female spirit may be, we can't allow her to linger around Manfred. Until then, keep a close eye on him and report everything to me immediately."
"Yes, Mr. Holland Senior," Kemp replied.
...
Vivian followed Manfred to the Atkinson residence. Unlike before, the maids now treated him with the utmost respect. Gone were the days when anyone dared to mistreat him.
Once they arrived, Manfred arranged for Vivian to have a room conveniently located next to his own. When the maids heard Manfred instruct them to prepare the room, bring in fresh bedding, and heat water for a bath, they were utterly stunned.
His directions were shockingly specific-he wanted petals added to the bathwater, the kind with a light, soothing fragrance that was also good for the skin.
On top of that, he ordered the room's decor to be swiftly replaced with items more fitting for a woman's taste.
Though utterly perplexed, the maids didn't dare disobey. Despite their confusion, they carried out the orders with anxious precision, wary of making even the slightest mistake.
When some of the braver maids began whispering among themselves, they speculated that perhaps Manfred had finally come around.
They thought, maybe tonight, he intended to show favor to one of the maids. After all, he was at the right age, and it wouldn't be surprising if he decided to take on a companion or two.
The first woman to serve Manfred would be incredibly fortunate. Surely, she would hold a unique and special place in his heart.
Given today's meticulous instructions, it was clear he intended to treat this person like a princess.
It was hard to imagine this degree of thoughtfulness from Manfred. Over the past two years, he had earned a reputation for being ruthless and unyielding. Those who initially believed he was easy to manipulate had quickly met unfortunate ends. 
In the rare moments when the maids overheard the pitiful cries of Zea and Cyril, they were gripped by terror, fearing that they might meet the same fate if they crossed him.
Because of these whispered rumors, some of the more attractive maids started blushing and behaving restlessly, each secretly hoping they might be the one Manfred had chosen.
The maids couldn't help but
speculate about who might have
caught Manfred's attention.
Whispers floated through the halls
as they searched for any hintor clue to confirm their suspicions. 
Meanwhile, Vivian and Manfred remained completely unaware of the swirling gossip.
The two of them were enjoying dinner together. Manfred had ordered an extravagant spread, filling the entire table with dishes that rivaled a feast.
To ensure they weren't disturbed, Manfred dismissed the maids, leaving just the two of them alone in the room.
"The chefs here are incredible! There are so many dishes I've never even tried before. Even the ones I have had taste so much better here. The ingredients are so fresh and pure.
"It's nothing like what we have in
modern times, with all the
population and chemicals. Even organic produce from modern times can't ?mpare." Vivian was
thoroughly delighted with the feast Manfred had prepared.
Completely caught up in the meal, she didn't realize she had eaten far more than usual. Her stomach was now round and full.
Watching her, Manfred's expression softened into a warm smile. "If you like it, I'll have them make more tomorrow," he said.
"There's no need to prepare so much! It's such a waste if I can't finish it all," Vivian quickly said.
She had only taken a few bites from each dish and was already feeling full.
However, Manfred didn't seem the least bit concerned about waste. As long as she was happy, that was all that mattered to him.
"Would you like some fruit?" he asked.
###chapter1877
The Atkinson residence boasted a fresh selection of fruits delivered by the Holland family. They had been swiftly transported by express carriage from Osmus. Such delicacies were rare even in Vlario.
Manfred had never been particularly interested in these offerings. In the past, he had only taken a bite or two before passing the rest to Kemp.
But when Vivian's eyes lit up at the mention of the fruits, her excitement was infectious. "Sure, I'd love some!" she said eagerly.
Not long after, a maid arrived with a beautifully arranged platter of sliced fruits. As the remaining dishes were cleared from the table, the maids exchanged bewildered glances.
They were astonished by the sheer amount of food Manfred had consumed. There were so many dishes, yet Manfred had tasted every single one, and it seemed like he had taken several bites from each.
Furthermore, the two plates of pasta were empty. Manfred's behavior today was completely unusual. It was definitely because he was in a good mood, likely due to preparing to indulge a woman.
Kemp returned to the Atkinson residence just in time to catch snippets of the gossip circulating among the maids. Grabbing one of them, he asked incredulously, "You're saying that Mr. Atkinson is planning to have someone serve him tonight?"
The maid quickly shared everything she had heard. None of them dared to hide anything in front of Kemp. They all knew that Manfred highly favored Kemp and that he came from the esteemed Holland family.
Kemp was dumbfounded. Hours earlier, he had reported to Glen that Manfred seemed entangled with a female spirit, a mysterious and unsettling connection. But now, the idea that Manfred might suddenly be seeking the company of a maid turned everything on its head.
He couldn't help but wonder if Manfred's strange behavior earlier in the carriage had been a sign of a newfound affection for someone.
The mere thought of this possibility made Kemp feel a pang of deep regret. He should never have spouted nonsense in front of Glen.
But it wasn't too late. He resolved to apologize for his earlier assumptions the next day.
"Who is the lucky person that Mr. Atkinson has his eyes on?" Kemp asked.
The thought of someone who could captivate Manfred's attention, enough to make him disregard the refined ladies of the Holland family was almost unfathomable. Kemp wondered if there was such a person in the Atkinson residence who could render him so enthralled.
The maid, startled by Kemp's questioning, looked confused and shook her head. "I really don't know. Mr. Atkinson's thoughts are unfathomable. No one can truly discern his preferences."
That was precisely the crux of the matter. Rumors were swirling about Manfred favoring a maid in the mansion, but no one had any idea who the fortunate individual might be. The uncertainty was unprecedented.
Kemp paused for a moment, furrowing his brow before dismissing the maid with a wave of his hand.
Then, curiosity getting the better of him, he made his way toward Manfred's room.
When Kemp reached the door, he
hesitated. The room was shut
ene
tightly, and as he approached, a
maid nearby informed him, "Mr.
Atkinson has instructed that he does
not wish to be disturbed."
Kemp's gaze fell on the brightly lit room. His mind raced with speculation. He thought, "Who could it possibly be?"
He had spent nearly every day by Manfred's side and had never seen him spare a second glance at any woman. It wasn't as though there was a lack of attractive maids in the
Atkinson residence. 
The Atkinson residence did house several maids whose beauty rivaled that of noblewomen, but Manfred barely spared them a glance.
Just as his musings deepened, Kemp noticed maids carrying buckets of steaming water toward a room adjacent to Manfred's. He immediately followed them, his mind racing with questions.
"Mr. Atkinson is bathing at this hour? And in that room?" Kemp asked, his voice edged with curiosity.
Normally, Manfred spent his evenings reading in the study, often staying up until midnight before taking a bath and retiring for the night.
But now, the sun had barely set.
One maid explained, "Mr. Atkinson didn't specify who the water was for. He just ordered it prepared in advance."
Kemp's mind replayed what another maid had said earlier. Manfred had even requested flower petals for the bath. Flower petals were not something men typically used, at least not Manfred.
Such indulgences were distinctly favored by women.
The realization struck him like lightning. It seemed Manfred truly intended to spend the evening with a woman. The thought of it left Kemp reeling.
Meanwhile, in another room, Manfred and Vivian, having finished their meal and some fruit, were engaged in a game of chess.
Vivian, who had been immersed in a variety of hobbies since childhood, was far from a novice when it came to chess.
There had been a period when she had been so obsessed with the game that Joe had hired a national champion to coach her.
Feeling overly full from the elaborate meal, Vivian found herself unable to sleep at this hour. To pass the time and ease her discomfort, she decided to challenge Manfred to a game of chess. 
###chapter1878
Manfred had initially let Vivian win in their chess game, hoping to entertain her
and make her happy. However, as they continued playing, Vivian's skills began to impress him.
Vivian had long noticed that Manfred was deliberately letting her win, but she didn't point it out.
Instead, she subtly showcased her abilities, keeping things balanced between them. It became a true exchange of skill, each trying to outplay the other.
Vivian quickly realized that Manfred was an excellent opponent. He remained completely focused throughout the game.
He was truly exceptional at strategizing, and before long, she found herself caught in the trap he had carefully set. However, Vivian was no pushover either.
They went back and forth, each move a careful response to the other's strategy.
Just as they were deep into the game, a maid's voice came from the door, announcing that the bath water was ready.
Vivian stretched, a small yawn escaping her lips as she decided it was time to stop. "Let's continue tomorrow. I'm getting a bit tired," she said.
Manfred nodded, his gaze shifting from the chessboard to her. "I've had the room next door prepared for you. If you're not comfortable with anything, just let me know, and I'll have them adjust it. If you need anything, call for me right away."
"Alright," Vivian responded, smiling warmly.
She stood up, and Manfred joined her as they made their way to the next room.
As soon as they entered, the fragrance of flowers greeted them, filling the air with a calming aroma.
"It smells wonderful!" she exclaimed, her face lighting up with delight as she looked at Manfred.
She was impressed by his thoughtfulness. He had not only arranged the bathwater but also prepared flower petals for a more luxurious touch.
She also really liked the way the room was decorated. It had an antique charm, much better than the expensive inns she had stayed in back in Dewhurst. Staying here made her feel completely relaxed, both physically and mentally. 
Manfred couldn't help but gaze at Vivian's radiant smile, his eyes filled with affection. He raised his hand, signaling for the maids to leave.
He then turned to Vivian and said, "You go ahead and bathe first. Once you're done, call me. I'll be in the room next door and can hear you. After that, I'll have them remove the bathtub."
"Okay, I understand." Vivian nodded eagerly. She was beginning to feel the exhaustion creeping in.
The transition from the modern world to this unfamiliar world had drained her more than she had expected. Now, her body ached for rest, and all she wanted was to soak in the tub and stretch her limbs.
As Manfred left the room, he closed the door behind him with careful consideration. Instead of returning to his room, he chose to sit outside in the courtyard.
It was winter, and although there were stone tables and chairs set up in the courtyard, sitting on them in this cold weather would surely freeze someone to the bone.
One of the maids quickly brought over some fox fur to lay on the stone bench. Kemp, along with a few other maids, watched this scene in confusion.
They were all startled by his behavior.
They had been waiting for Manfred to summon the woman, curious about who had caught his attention. But after Manfred entered the room to inspect the bath water, he had come out and shut the door
carefully. He even instructed
everyone not to approach.
If they hadn't been certain that the room was empty, they would have thought they
were experiencing some kind of hallucination.
They wondered what had happened to Manfred.
On such a cold night, sitting alone in the courtyard, Manfred didn't even seem to
know what he was thinking.
His face had a slight blush to it,
though it surely wasn't from the cold. His usual cold, stern expression had softened, and there was a clear smile in his eyes and on the corners of his mouth. Hismood was visibly better. 
"Mr. Atkinson, you..." Kemp hesitated before stepping forward.
###chapter1879
Manfred raised his eyes and glanced at Kemp. "Just say what you have to say. Why are you hesitating?"
"Mr. Atkinson, are you planning to have a lady serve you? If the bath barrel is left like this, the water will cool quickly." Kemp had countless questions but didn't know how to ask them directly.
Instead, he tried to phrase his question differently.
Manfred's expression darkened, his gaze sharp and icy. "Nonsense! Leave!"
Terrified, Kemp turned pale, and the others quickly followed him out. Manfred was the only one left in the courtyard.
After sitting for a moment, he stood up and stationed himself outside the door, keeping watch over Vivian.
The faint sounds coming from the room confirmed her presence-she hadn't left.
Meanwhile, Kemp and the other servants, having withdrawn, exchanged nervous glances as they walked away.
None dared to speak recklessly in Kemp's presence.
Today, Manfred's every move was unusually peculiar.
"Which lady does Mr. Atkinson want to serve him?" one servant finally couldn't hold back and asked hesitantly.
Kemp frowned deeply.
Manfred hadn't allowed anyone to serve him yet. Could this really have something to do with that female ghost? Could she be trying to drain Manfred's vitality?
"Forget everything you saw today. Don't speak of it to anyone. Understood?" Kemp ordered in a stern tone.
The servants nodded repeatedly. They wouldn't dare to say a word.
Considering Manfred's
temperament, if they didn't keep their mouths shut, who knew what fate might await them? As long as they stayed cautious, life in the residence was far better than before. 
Manfred was generous to his servants.
"Alright, go do your work." Kemp
waved them off, sending everyomet
away
The remained there,
observing the courtyard. 
He could see Manfred standing but not entering the room, still lingering outside the door.
From the sudden departure from Holland Residence to now, Manfred's every action seemed strange.
Hopefully, Glen's friend would arrive in Vlario soon.
Manfred's health absolutely could not be ruined by that female ghost!
The next morning at dawn, Vivian woke up from a dreamless night.
When she opened her eyes and looked she
round the unfamiliar room
momentarily disoriented, but lasted a moment. 
She could really stay here.
As she was about to get out of bed, she suddenly heard a few shrill screams.
Because it was early morning and the whole place was particularly quiet, the screams sounded especially piercing.
However, it was clear the source of the screams was some distance away. Who was screaming?
Just as she was wondering, she heard the words in the screams.
###chapter1880
"Manfred, you won't die a good death! Let me go! I am the future of the Atkinson family! You're just a dog raised by our family!"
"Manfred, no matter what, I'm still your aunt. When you were little, I treated you well sometimes too. I just made some foolish mistakes over the years. Please forgive us and let us go!"
Zea and Cyril's pitiful cries shattered the quiet morning.
Vivian froze for a moment before piecing things together.
She hadn't asked Manfred what he had endured in the past two years, but now he was the head of the Atkinson family, and the entire family had to obey him. The former head, his wife and son, who had mistreated him, likely weren't faring too well now.
She wasn't a villain, but she wasn't a saint either. Those who committed wrongs must be punished.
No one could simply say, "I was wrong," and erase the monstrous sins they had committed.
It was like saying, "I killed your mother, but years later, I apologize. Let's live happily ever after as one big family." Vivian couldn't accept such nonsense repentance.
To her, if one truly knew they were wrong, then they should take responsibility and face the consequences.
When she opened the door to step out, she saw Manfred standing in front of her room, looking at her with a nervous expression.
"Did the noise wake you?"
Was she going to think he was too ruthless?
Vivian shook her head. "I usually wake up at this time. It wasn't the noise."
Seeing that she didn't seem bothered, Manfred's tightly strung nerves relaxed slightly.
"The ones shouting just now were Mrs. Atkinson and Cyril, right?" Vivian had noticed his concern, so she decided to address it.
Manfred's expression shifted slightly. "Yes. I locked them in the shed. If you think I shouldn't have done that, I'll send them out of Vlario tomorrow."
Compared to the person in front of him, his hatred for Zea and the others seemed insignificant.
Vivian shook her head. "You're the one directly involved. Over the years, you were the one they mistreated, beat, and pushed to the brink of death.
"No one else can decide for you because they haven't lived your life. Since they dared to harm you back then, they must pay for what they did."
Manfred looked at her in disbelief, his heart pounding uncontrollably. In this world, she was the only one who truly understood him.
The Holland family had tried to persuade him to let go of everything. But she said no one could decide for him because no one had lived through his hell.
She wasn't moved by pity for Cyril and Zea's current misery.
For the first time in over two years, Manfred's heart wounds began to heal, and the hatred that had consumed him started to fade.
Unable to control his emotions, he suddenly pulled her into his arms.
Vivian was momentarily stunned but didn't push him away. Instead, she gently patted his back and said softly, "Manfred, you are a very, very good person. Really!" 
Hearing this, Manfred thought to himself, "If you say I'm good, then I must be good."
Meanwhile, in the shed, the mother and son pair were shivering uncontrollably from the cold.
Last night, the maids, worried they might freeze to death, gave them a blanket. Though it was filthy and smelly, it provided some warmth.
The two huddled under the same blanket, trying to fend off the cold.
But at dawn, two maids entered and snatched the blanket away. No matter how much they begged, it was useless.
Their breakfast was two burnt and cold sweet potatoes.
"Stop shouting! It's so early in the
morning, and if you disturb Mr.
Atkinson, you'll both have an even
worse day! Why didn't you think
about this earlier if you knew this would happen?" 
Zea couldn't bear it any longer. She trembled violently from the cold. "Today is freezing, colder than ever before. Let me see Manfred! Let me talk to him!" 
The maids ignored her completely.
About 15 minutes later, Manfred came.
###chapter1881
It had been half a year since their last meeting.
During this time, Manfred had grown up, now appearing fully capable of taking charge—a commanding head of the family radiating an air authority.
In contrast, Zea and her son were even more downtrodden and emaciated than they had been six months ago.
Their faces were sallow, and when they saw Manfred, they froze as if struck dumb. All the words they had prepared vanished in an instant.
"Do you know why I'm here?" Manfred's voice was icy, colder than the biting winter air.
Zea quickly regained her composure and forced a smile, speaking ingratiatingly, "Manfred, have you forgiven me? Have you also forgiven your younger brother? We've suffered so much these past two years and truly realized our mistakes- really!
"I was a fool before, truly foolish. You were such a good child, Manfred. How could I have treated you that way? I'll make it up to you and atone for my sins."
"Yes, yes, Manfred! I was wrong too! I'm your only younger brother, after all! I was immature and didn't know any better back then.
"Now I've grown up and realized how terribly wrong I was! Look at me I'm so pitiful and hungry. I loved women so much, but now I can't even be a man anymore! Look at my suffering.
"You must have calmed down by now, right? Please, let my mother and I go!" Cyril, who had once been defiant and arrogant, now seemed subdued.
Facing the slim chance of escape from this living hell, even if he burned with hatred for Manfred, he buried it deep inside.
Two years of torment had reduced the once-proud mother and son to this state of submission.
Pride meant nothing now. Survival was all that mattered. Revenge could only be achieved after escaping.
Manfred looked at the two kneeling before him, his face devoid of any emotion. "Let you go?"
"Yes, yes! Forgive us, and it's as good as forgiving yourself. If you repay evil with virtue, we'll devote our lives to serving you, really!" Cyril quickly chimed in.
Zea glanced at Manfred and felt a deep, inexplicable unease. Something about his demeanor didn't match the idea of forgiveness. She clenched her teeth, trying to suppress her fear.
"Manfred, no matter what, I'm still your aunt, a member of the Holland family. I truly realize how terribly wrong I was in the past. Can't we reconcile?
"I'll move away and pray for you and your mother every day. Okay?" She lowered herself as much as possible, groveling in an effort to soften his hatred. fo 
But in her heart, she was already planning for the future.
"Someday, I'll make Manfred wish that he was never born!"
Cyril's thoughts mirrored his mother's. The more submissive they appeared now, the deeper their hatred grew.
Manfred suddenly laughed coldly. "Do you think I believe anything you're saying?"
"Manfred. what... What do you mean by that? Didn't you come to release us?" Zea's fear deepened. Over the past two years, she had pieced together the truth. 
It was no coincidence that Cyril was crippled, her husband fell ill, became impotent, and later suffered a stroke.
Who else could have done it but the man standing before them?
"That's impossible, Mom! Manfred will forgive us. We've suffered soz much these past two years and truly repented. There's no way he won't forgive us!" Cyril hurriedly
interjected. 
The mother and son had completely discarded their pride. After all, pride was useless now.
Today, they knelt before Manfred. But tomorrow, he would kneel before them! Manfred suddenly pulled out two black pills. "Take these, and I'll let you leave Vlario."
He couldn't risk Vivian living in the residence and constantly being disturbed by their screams.
The mother and son looked at the pills with suspicion and alarm.
Zea hesitated. "What kind of pills are these?"
"They're not poison, are they?" Cyril instinctively shuffled backward on his knees, terrified of death.
Manfred's eyes turned dark. "If you won't take these, then you can take the knife instead."
With that, he pulled out a dagger.
###chapter1882
The dagger was razor-sharp, its blade reflective enough to show a clear image of one's face.
Without hesitation, the mother and son each took one of the pills and swallowed them. After taking the pills, they didn't feel anything unusual.
Cyril began to entertain hopeful thoughts.
"Manfred, is this some kind of tonic? Did you see how weak we are and decide to help us regain our strength?"
Manfred turned his gaze toward the doorway.
Two maids standing there stepped inside. "Mr. Atkinson," they greeted.
"Escort them out of Vlario," Manfred ordered coldly.
"Yes, sir."
When they heard this, Zea and her son were filled with disbelief. Could it be that he was letting them go?
Manfred was actually letting them go!
"Alright, alright! We'll leave right away. Don't worry, you'll never see us again, and we'll never return to Vlario. We won't remind you of anything unpleasant—rest assured!" Zea stumbled to her feet, speaking in a fawning tone.
Of course, her words were meant solely to placate Manfred.
Never return to Vlario? Impossible!
Once she recovered her strength, she would return to Vlario and take her grievances directly to the king.
She would make the entire world aware of how ruthless and heartless Manfred truly was. She would see to it that Manfred met a bitter end!
Cyril quickly followed suit, scrambling to his feet. "Yes, yes, we'll get as far away as possible."
Supporting one another, the mother and son were just about to leave the shed when their faces suddenly twisted in pain.
Moments later, they both collapsed to the ground, their bodies convulsing as they vomited mouthfuls of blood.
The maids watching nearby were stunned and horrified.
Zea and Cyril struggled to lift their heads and look at Manfred, but their voices failed them.
The more enraged they felt, the harder it became to speak, as every attempt only caused more blood to gush from their mouths.
They tried to stand but were
horrified to discover that their arms and legs had gone completely limp. Even when the bleeding stopped, they found themselves unable to utter a single word. 
Manfred stared down at them, his expression cold and unfeeling. "You poisoned my mother, plotted her death, and tormented me for years. Did
you really think I'd let you go?" 
Dream on.
If it weren't for Vivian, he would have built a snake pit on the estate and thrown the mother and son into it. Leaving them alive now was already an act of mercy.
Terror was etched across Zea's and Cyril's faces. At that moment, they realized just how terrifying Manfred truly was.
Zea, in particular, was gripped by fear. She could already imagine that life outside Vlario would be even more miserable than it had been at the Atkinson residence.
At least within the estate, she had been able to move and eat, however meagerly. But once thrown out of Vlario, they would be a descent into true hell.
Manfred took out a silk handkerchief and carefully wiped his hands, ensuring no trace of contamination remained. Without sparing the two on the ground a single glance, he walked out of the shed. 
After leaving, he headed back to see Vivian. By now, the kitchen should have finished preparing breakfast-the meal he had personally instructed them to make.
###chapter1883
Vivian had just finished freshening up.
She changed into the clothes Manfred had prepared for her. Since she wasn't good with accessories, she kept her hairstyle simple.
Once she was ready, she noticed that breakfast had already been set up.
Just like the previous night, the table was completely covered with dishes- steamed buns, freshly baked flatbreads, oatmeal, stir-fried vegetables, soup, and more. The variety was impressive, and everything looked, smelled, and likely tasted delicious.
The moment she saw it all, her appetite came.
Manfred entered the room and glanced meaningfully at the maids by the door, who promptly closed it behind him.
"Why haven't you started eating?" Manfred asked.
Vivian replied, "I was waiting for you. Eating alone isn't much fun."
A faint smile appeared on Manfred's face. "I'm sorry for keeping you waiting. If these dishes get cold, they won't taste as good."
"They're still steaming. The maids just brought them in a few minutes ago," Vivian said.
After washing his hands, Manfred walked over and said, "I don't have much to do today. I can take you around the city for a bit."
Vivian's eyes lit up, her expression immediately becoming animated. "That's wonderful! Yesterday felt too rushed. Today, we can take our time exploring. Oh, by the way, are there any shops that sell copper mirrors?"
Her parents were doing everything they could to locate a copper mirror, and she wanted to help. She would search for the mirror while continuing to look for her parents.
She firmly believed she would find them soon.
"There should be. I'll ask the steward later to find out where the shops selling copper mirrors are located," Manfred replied.
In truth, he wasn't too familiar with the city's layout, especially for items like copper mirrors, which were more suited to women's tastes.
"That's fantastic!" Vivian said excitedly.
Outside the door, Kemp's expression was grim. He overheard Manfred talking to himself again.
What
entire table full of breakfast dishes for person. The same
one
had
dat dinner the net
before.
It was obvious-his lord must have been possessed by some kind of evil spirit! Or
worse, that female ghost might be right by his side.
Otherwise, why would he talk to himself?
No, this wouldn't do. He had to find another chance to visit the Holland family today and discuss the matter with Glen.
He couldn't allow the female ghost to harm his lord!
Meanwhile, Zea and Cyril had been tied up in burlap sacks and thrown onto a carriage waiting at the back gate They were now being transported out of Vlario. 
An hour later, news of the event reached the Holland family.
He let out a heavy sigh. "Manfred has clearly learned medical skills from someone, as well as the art of poison-making. Since he's poisoned Zea and her son, there's likely no one who can provide an antidote Let it be
e. This is the consequence of their own actions. 
"Since Manfred has ordered them to be thrown out of Vlario, make sure they're taken far away."
...
Vivian stood before a dazzling array of copper mirrors, her eyes overwhelmed by the choices.
She wasn't sure exactly what kind of copper mirror her parents were looking for, but she trusted her instincts.
If the mirror could help her parents return to the modern era, she believed she would feel it.
However...
###chapter1884
Vivian looked from the first floor to the second floor. She frowned slightly as they moved from the second to the third floor.
Manfred keenly picked up on Vivian's shift in mood. "What's wrong?"
However, Vivian didn't respond. Instead, she walked toward a particular copper mirror.
The fronts of most copper mirrors were nearly identical, but the patterns engraved on their backs differed. The one in front of her had an unusual design—seemingly a peony flower gilded with gold.
However, in her eyes, the intricate patterns within the peony resembled a kind of sigil.
"Do you like this copper mirror?" Manfred asked.
Before Vivian could point out the peculiarities of the mirror, the shop assistant eagerly stepped forward. "This copper mirror is one of a kind! It's said that the craftsman who made it only ever created this one.
"There's also a fascinating legend about it. Whoever owns this mirror will have sweet dreams every night.
"For women, looking into it daily will make them more and more beautiful, and for men, it guarantees they'll marry a stunning wife."
Hearing this, Manfred chuckled. "We'll take it."
The shop assistant's eyes lit up. "Thank you, sir!"
"Wait."
Vivian interrupted, "I don't need this copper mirror. And he's lying the craftsman didn't just make this one. On this third floor alone..."
She scanned the room.
Then, with absolute certainty, she said, "There are at least five other mirrors crafted by the same person here."
Moreover, all of these mirrors were cursed s.
Prolonged exposure to them would inevitably lead to issues. People's dreams would be filled with their deepest desires, blurring the line between reality and illusion. Over time, the consequences would be disastrous.
Manfred's face darkened, and he repeated Vivian's words to the shop assistant.
The assistant froze in shock. "How did you figure that out?"
Vivian didn't answer. She simply pondered for a moment while looking at the mirror.
Then, without a word, she casually touched the mirror's surface. Afterward, she walked over to the other mirrors and did the same.
Finally, she looked up at Manfred and said, "Let's go."
This was ancient times when laws weren't as well-established, and power dictated everything in this feudal society.
If she outright declared that these mirrors were cursed and harmful, it would only cause unnecessary trouble for Manfred.
Instead, she had subtly altered the mirrors. Even if someone bought them, they wouldn't cause significant harm.
Once they left the shop and walked some distance away, Vivian explained the situation to Manfred.
Although she had known him for some time, she had never mentioned her unique skills before.
Manfred wasn't shocked by her revelation. The woman before him had traveled from another world to his-how could she be ordinary?
"Did I scare you? I didn't expect this world to have cursed s, especially ones that look so ordinary. It's likely many people have been harmed by such things.
"Don't worry-there are no cursed s near you. When we get back, I'll draw a few protective talismans for you. Place them in your room, and no cursed will be able to affect you." 
Seeing his silence, Vivian assumed he was frightened.
Manfred saw the concern in her eyes, and his heart warmed. "I'm not afraid. With
you here, those cursed s mean nothing."
"Actually, people with strong wills
are much less likely to be affected by cursed s. You're someone with an exceptionally strong will. Even if you encounter such things, it won't be a problem," Vivian said, praising him further. 
She wasn't just trying to cheer him up.
A person who had endured so much
at a young age-persecution, years of hardship-without losing their resolve or becoming broken and
submissive was undoubtedly
someone with a strong will. 
Manfred felt a slight tremor in his heart at her praise. "In your eyes, am I really
that admirable?"
Vivian answered without hesitation, "Of course!"
###chapter1885
Vivian and Manfred got into a carriage and headed to another bustling market street. Along the way, they stopped at several places that piqued Vivian's interest.
However, what intrigued her the most was still copper mirrors. Whether it was a small street stall or a shop, she inspected every copper mirror she came across.
From morning until noon, Manfred patiently accompanied her.
They cooperated seamlessly-when others were around, Manfred acted as if he were casually browsing to avoid drawing attention or appearing like he was talking to himself.
Unfortunately, after an entire day of searching, Vivian still didn't find a mirror that gave her the feeling she was looking for.
In truth, she realized she was being overly hopeful. If her parents had been searching for so long without success, how could she expect to find it so quickly or easily?
It all depended on fate.
But she firmly believed that her diligence would be rewarded. As long as she kept searching, she was sure she would find the mirror—and reunite with her parents.
When they were alone, Manfred voiced his curiosity. "Why are you so particularly interested in copper mirrors?"
And why did she only look but never buy? He could tell she was searching for one that truly met her expectations.
Despite seeing many exquisitely crafted mirrors today, none had satisfied her. There had to be a deeper reason behind it.
Vivian explained, "Before I came to find you, I had a dream. In it, I overheard my parents talking. They're lost in this world and can't return home.
"If I can find the copper mirror that will take them back, they can finally go home. Oh, I forgot to mention-my parents went missing several years ago."
Manfred froze for a moment, then felt a sudden urge to pull her into his arms. And he did just that.
Vivian was momentarily stunned when he embraced her but quickly hugged him back with a smile. "I'm fine, don't worry. My parents always told me that no matter what happens, I should never lose hope in the future.
"So I firmly believe I'll find them one day. And if... if I can't, I still trust that wherever they are, they're living happily."
To her, her parents were capable of anything.
Manfred gently stroked her hair. "They'll be safe and sound. And you, too, will be very happy."
As long as she came to him, he would always protect her. He would protect only her.
They wandered until the afternoon when Vivian's stomach growled, reminding her she hadn't eaten all day.
Manfred took her to a restaurant.
After their meal, though it was
ет
already dark, Manfred didn't take her back to the Atkinson residence Instead, they headed to a dock. He planned to take her on a lake cruise. 
The lake was filled with boats, all adorned with lanterns, creating a picturesque
scene.
"It's so beautiful," Vivian exclaimed in admiration.
Manfred smiled. "Which one do you like? Let's pick one."
Vivian pointed to a boat. "That one."
The boats were largely similar, with only subtle differences in their exteriors.
Although it was winter, the lake
hadn't frozen over, so the dock
were still enjoying boat ride
remained open, and many people
After boarding their chosen boat, they ordered two pots of tea from the owner.
The interior of the boat was warm, thanks to a brazier providing heat.
As soon as they sat down, a musician began playing an instrument nearby. With the melody
as their backdrop, the two sipped
tea and admired the lake, feeling utterly relaxed. 
"Look at the moon," Manfred said, pointing at a crescent moon hanging high in the
sky.
###chapter1886
At this moment, the night sky was not only graced by the moon but also blanketed with countless stars.
In the modern world, she rarely saw so many stars.
Now, gazing at the star-filled sky, she suddenly felt that all the romance in the world paled in comparison to the natural beauty before her.
"So beautiful," Vivian said, unable to tear her eyes away.
No wonder so many people came to the lake.
Even though it was cold, the combination of the stunning lake scenery and the breathtaking night sky made everything around feel wonderful.
Manfred had never been on a lake cruise before. It was only after asking the housekeeper earlier that he learned of this place.
Seeing Vivian like this, he made a mental note to reward the housekeeper generously when they returned.
In truth, he wanted to say that the starry-eyed Vivian before him was the most beautiful sight in the world.
The two stayed on the boat until late at night, only returning to the Atkinson residence when it was very late.
As soon as they arrived, someone intercepted Manfred. "Mr. Atkinson, Mr. Atkinson, why are you only back now? Mr. Holland Senior has been waiting for you since daytime!"
"Grandpa?" Manfred frowned slightly.
He had just visited the Holland family yesterday. Why would his grandfather come looking for him today?
Hearing that it was Manfred's grandfather, Vivian said, "I'll go back to sleep then."
If an elder had come to see Manfred, it was undoubtedly something important. Manfred personally escorted Vivian back to her room before going to meet his grandfather. This act puzzled the servants in the residence.
What was going on? What was their lord doing?
could
It felt as if there was someone always around him, but no one, see this person. Some were even starting to speculate that thedord might have encountered a ghost. 
More than two years ago, there were rumors of ghosts in the residence, but the chatter died down over time because no one had ever actually seen one.
But now... Could it be that their lord could see ghosts?
When Manfred entered, he saw Glen holding a book, his eyes nearly closing with exhaustion. He hadn't even asked for a rest in the guest room.
Manfred's feelings toward his grandfather weren't particularly deep. But Glen was his mother's dearest relative and had helped him escape from his torment, so Manfred respected him. 
"Grandpa," Manfred greeted.
Glen lifted his eyes to look at him.
Perhaps because of the late hour and the dim lighting in the room, Manfred's face appeared a bit pale, with dark circles under his eyes. This made Glen frown. "Manfred, are you hiding something from me?" 
"What do you mean?" Manfred asked in return.
Glen put the book down and walked over. As he approached, he scrutinized the
area around Manfred, including his sides and back, but saw nothing.
However, he faintly caught a whiff of a light, sweet fragrance-one that only women typically had. This wasn't a scent men usually carried.
Could it be the female ghost? No, how could a ghost have a scent?
"Can you see a female ghost? Is she here with you now? Manfred, this is very important. You mustn't hide anything from me," Glen demanded in a grave tone.
Though he was already old and had lived a long life full of varied experiences, he had never seen a ghost with his own eyes.
He had only heard tales of ghosts frightening people to death or draining their life energy, shortening their lifespans.
There were all sorts of stories and speculations about ghosts. But he had never encountered one.
In the past, he hadn't believed in such things, but now... he had no choice but to believe.
###chapter1887
Manfred felt a bit helpless. "There's no female ghost."
Hearing Manfred's firm response, Glen still didn't believe him, remaining suspicious.
"No female ghost? Then why have you been talking to yourself for no reason these past two days? And why have you been doing things that seem utterly baffling?
"Manfred, you've finally become the head of the Atkinson family after so much hardship. The dark days are behind you, but you must not stray from the right path moving forward, understand?" Glen implored earnestly.
There was no one else he was worried about, but his heart was entirely preoccupied with concern for this grandson.
Manfred replied calmly, "I understand, Grandpa."
Seeing Manfred's tight-lipped demeanor, Glen realized that no matter what he said, Manfred wouldn't confess the truth.
He let out a long sigh.
"When I was your age, I wouldn't listen to my elders either. But there are some things I have to say. You mustn't be blinded by appearances. Even if there isn't a female ghost around you, I know there must be something that defies explanation.
"I'm not afraid of you losing your way-I'm afraid that you'll end up physically harmed or emotionally devastated because you've been deceived," Glen said with deep concern.
He had waited here all this time just to say these to Manfred.
His grandson might be young, but he had a strong will. Otherwise, he wouldn't have endured everything he had over the years.
After learning about Manfred's experiences during those dark years, Glen often wondered if he could have withstood them in Manfred's place.
Take Zea and Cyril as examples after just two years of confinement, they had already gone mad, their pride seemingly broken beyond repair.
Manfred wasn't fond of explaining himself to others, but this was his grandfather, and Glen's words had involved Vivian.
Even though it was his own relative, he didn't like hearing Vivian described in ways that implied harm or malice.
After some thought, Manfred said, "She won't harm me. Don't worry, Grandpa. When the opportunity arises, I'll let you meet her."
Glen's eyes widened in astonishment. Now he understood.
There really was something-or someone-by Manfred's side that others couldn't
see! But there was a chance for him to meet it?
He swallowed hard.
"Well... you're not tired, are you? Play a game of chess with me. I've waiting for you all day, and I
awake now," Glen said hurro wide
He had to keep his grandson occupied and give his old friend time to thoroughly
investigate the Atkinson household and find that female ghost!
Look at what his perfectly fine grandson had been brainwashed into!
Manfred walked over and agreed, "Alright."
Meanwhile, an elderly man with white hair and a priest's robe was leisurely strolling through the Atkinson residence.
Kemp followed closely behind, not daring to disturb the elder.
This old man was no ordinary figure. It was said that any demons or ghosts would be so terrified in his presence that they would kneel or even dissipate entirely.
If a household encountered supernatural troubles, hiring him at a high price
guaranteed a resolution.
Moreover, things invisible to the naked eye couldn't escape his gaze.
He was known as Alger Marshman.
Alger had arrived at the Atkinson residence with Glen an hour earlier and had been walking around the estate ever since, without saying a word. . 
IM
After such a long silence, no one could tell what he had found, leaving them all on edge.
Suddenly, Alger stopped in his tracks.
Kemp, nervous, immediately asked, "Mr. Marshman, have you found the female ghost?"
Alger shook his head. "Where's the latrine?"
"Huh?"
Kemp quickly swallowed his shock and led Alger to the latrine.
When Alger emerged, he stroked his long beard and said, "Let's go. We'll check your lord's quarters now."
"Ah, yes, of course," Kemp stammered, hastily leading the way.
###chapter1888
Moments later, Alger arrived at Manfred's room. He glanced around, pinched his fingers together in a contemplative gesture, and raised his eyebrows.
"The side room-Mr. Atkinson has been visiting it frequently these past two days. Could the female ghost be there?" Kemp suggested.
Alger maintained an enigmatic expression. "Let's take a look."
Vivian had originally been preparing to sleep, but for some reason, she couldn't settle down. Her mind was filled with images of copper mirrors of all shapes and designs.
Unable to fall asleep, she stared at the ceiling.
At that moment, the door to her room suddenly opened.
She immediately sat up. Could it be Manfred?
"Mr. Marshman, wait a moment. Let me light the lamp," Kemp said as he strode into the room. With practiced ease, he lit the candles, instantly illuminating the space.
The scene inside the room came into view-a space elegantly decorated and clearly a woman's quarters.
Looking around, Kemp felt his scalp tingle. The female ghost must be here.
"Mr. Marshman, please come in."
The next moment, Alger stepped inside.
Vivian observed the scene before her, blinking in surprise. What was going on? She quietly watched the two men.
"The female ghost should be in this room. Whenever Mr. Atkinson enters here, he talks to himself," Kemp explained.
Alger shot Kemp a glance, silencing him immediately.
After spending over an hour together, Kemp had learned that Alger was a man of
few words who valued peace and quiet, disliking unnecessary chatter.
Alger carefully examined every corner of the room, then took a small bottle from a pouch at his waist Turning it upside down, he let a few drops of liquid fall onto the floor. 
Under the dim light and from a distance, Vivian couldn't make out what it was or catch its scent.
After completing this ritual, Alger closed his eyes and began murmuring incantations under his breath. The process seemed eerie and unsettling.
Vivian was utterly bewildered, unable to discern what was happening.
Moments ago, her mind had been preoccupied with copper mirrors.
She had been wondering how inconvenient it was to follow Manfred around without being seen. She was considering how she could make herself visible to others.
Now, watching the old man perform his ritual, a sudden inspiration struck her.
Before long, Alger opened his eyes and scanned the room once more. His expression turned pensive.
Kemp, growing impatient, finally asked, "So, is there a female ghost here or not?"
"There are no ghosts in this
household, let alone a female ghost.
I also examined Manfred's fate. He's destined to remain alone. Forget a femal@ghost-even an evil spirit wouldn't dare come within half a step of him," Alger declared 
Kemp's eyes widened in shock. "Destined to remain alone? What does that mean?"
"It means your lord is destined to live a life of solitude," Alger explained bluntly He will never marry or have children. Anyone who becomes truly involved with him is doomed to perish." 
###chapter1889
Kemp was utterly stunned, visibly shaken by what Alger said.
Vivian frowned. She felt that the priest seemed to have some real skill.
She had never asked about Manfred's birthdate or sought to look at his fate, although she had learned fortune-telling as a child from Viola
Viola also warned her that revealing too many of the heavens' secrets would invite karmic retribution, so she had never tried.
But a destiny to remain alone...
"Isn't there a way to break it? Our lord doesn't have anyone who truly understands and cares for him right now, and it's impossible for him to never marry.
"Mr. Marshman, you're so skilled-you must have a way, right?" Kemp pleaded, genuinely anxious.
If it were someone else, Kemp wouldn't care whether they lived their life under such a fate. But after following Manfred for over two years, he knew too well the hardships the man had endured.
The struggles before the age of 16 were unimaginable. Now, after finally finding some peace, was he to spend the rest of his life tormented by loneliness?
Alger stroked his beard, maintaining his enigmatic demeanor.
"Don't speak of this to anyone. I'll discuss it thoroughly with Glen. Breaking such a fate isn't easy. Furthermore, your lord's current situation might be far more complex.
"If there were indeed a female ghost, it would be easier to handle. But there isn't one," Alger said, then walked out of the room.
Kemp was left baffled, hurriedly following after him.
Before leaving, he turned back, waved his hand at the candle, and extinguished it, plunging the room into darkness again.
Vivian sat on the bed, her brows furrowed as she fell into deep thought.
Half an hour later, inside a carriage, Glen impatiently asked Alger as soon as he boarded, "Did you find the female ghost?"
"Your grandson is destined to remain alone. There's no female ghost-not around him, nor anywhere within the household," Alger replied.
Glen's eyes widened, his reaction mirroring Kemp's earlier shock. "Destined to remain alone? My grandson is handsome and charismatic-there are at least ten or twenty noble daughters in Vlario who are smitten with him at first sight. 
"Even several of my granddaughters are enamored with him. How could he be destined to remain alone? Did you examine him properly?"
"I examined him thoroughly. Are you questioning me?" Alger said, displeased.
The two were old friends, and Glen knew full well the extent of Alger's abilities. Realizing his slip, Glen quickly corrected himself.
"It's not that I don't trust you—I'm
just overwhelmed with worry. If I
didn't trust you, I wouldn't have
asked for your help. I understand the implications—it means a life of
solitude. But my grandson has
suffered so much already, and I
can't let this fate bind him. You must
find a way to break it."
"Breaking it is no easy task, and it requires your grandson's
cooperation. However..." Algenet
expression grew grim. "That might not even be the most severe issue." 
Glen was alarmed. "What do you mean? How can that not be the worst?"
"I suspect there's something wrong with his mind," Alger said gravely.
Glen nearly exploded with rage. "How dare you! My grandson is incredibly intelligent!"
###chapter1890
"Who's denying he's intelligent? But you should be well aware of what he's been through since childhood. I've encountered many cases like his.
"These people seem normal on the surface but often talk to themselves. Why? Because something's wrong in their minds they create an imaginary person. This imagined individual interacts with them and helps them face challenges. It's a condition, but there's no cure for it," Alger explained.
Glen was dumbfounded. "An imaginary person? So his strange behavior these past few days, talking to himself, is because he'd imagined someone? And it's a woman?"
"It seems like he's imagined someone. Over the years, I've seen people who imagine multiple individuals.
"Each imaginary person has a distinct personality, and their speech patterns even change depending on who they're talking to. It's a mental or emotional condition, but there's no medicine for it.
"Didn't you say he spent years isolated in a harsh environment? That's likely what caused this," Alger said, frowning deeply.
If it had been a ghost, the solution would've been simple. But this-there was no way to fix it.
Glen slumped in despair. "Could this really be the case? But when he was playing chess with me earlier, he seemed perfectly normal, no different from anyone else."
Alger shook his head. "He's just hiding it well. Honestly, it doesn't affect him much. As long as there are people around him regularly, or if he can feel the warmth of family, it might improve over time."
"But didn't you say he's destined to remain alone? How is he supposed to feel family warmth with that kind of fate? And a man without a woman by his side- how boring is that?
"He's at an age full of vigor! I don't care-you have to think of a way to break this fate. I'm determined to find him a gentle and understanding wife," Glen said, eyes red with emotion.
Manfred had suffered too much! Otherwise, why would he imagine someone to keep him company?
Alger huffed in frustration, stroking his beard. "I told you-it's not an easy fix. It takes time, and even then, there's no guarantee. Unless you find someone whose fate is even stronger than his!"
Glen's eyes lit up as if struck by an idea. "Out of so many people in the world, how hard could it be to find someone with a stronger fate?
"Tell me the criteria-I'll have people search based on that!"
Alger was speechless but couldn't
argue with his long-time friend. Reluctantly, he listed a few
compatible traits. "Just
remember-the birthdates must
match exactly." 
"Got it!"
Vivian and Manfred were entirely unaware of the conversation between Glen and Alger. Even less so that they now believed Manfred had a mental condition.
If Manfred found out, he'd be torn between laughter and frustration.
As for Vivian, she would immediately find a way to prove they were overthinking it. But for now, Vivian had no such opportunity.
When she woke up, she realized she wasn't in the Atkinson household anymore. She was back in Galaxy Villa!
As she opened her eyes, she found herself surrounded by people. Her grandma, Uncle Steven, Uncle Charles, Uncle Harvey, Aunt Mona, Aunt Natalie, Hadwin, and Paul were all there. 
She was momentarily stunned.
The next second, the smell of disinfectant filled her nose. Only then did she
realize she was in a hospital.
"You... all..."
"Vivian, my dear Vivian! You're finally awake! Do you have any idea how worried I was?" Janine threw herself onto Vivian, crying so hard she was gasping for air. 
###chapter1891
Vivian blinked. "Grandma, I'm fine, aren't I? How... How did I end up in the hospital?"
She hadn't noticed anything amiss.
Last night, she had clearly been at Manfred's place before going to bed. How did she wake up and find herself sent to a hospital?
Could it be that she had returned to the modern world during the night without her realizing it? She truly hadn't noticed a thing.
"You! If I hadn't gone to Galaxy Villa this morning and found you passed out at the door, all alone, who knows what might've happened to you?
"Do you realize how dangerous that was? And what's with the ancient-style clothes you were wearing? Did you go for a photoshoot yesterday and overexert yourself?" Janine said through sobs.
Everyone else also looked deeply concerned.
Natalie, her eyes red, added, "You had a high fever and scared all of us!"
They had always thought Vivian was strong, independent, and fully capable of taking care of herself. But now, she had fallen ill and fainted, which caught them all off guard.
The others started speaking too.
"Good thing your fever's gone down now. Why didn't you call us when you got sick?"
"Exactly, you can't keep this to yourself..."
Harvey, standing to the side, remained silent as he watched Vivian's bewildered expression. He was reminded of the strange stories she had shared with him.
He didn't say much, but his heart felt heavy.
Vivian herself was genuinely confused. She couldn't figure out why this time, she had returned from Manfred's side without any warning or control.
Previously, she'd always had a sense of when it was about to happen and could manage the transition herself. But now, she hadn't noticed a thing. She just returned—and with a high fever to boot.
She could still feel her head spinning, her body weak and lacking energy.
"I didn't think much of it last night," Vivian explained. "I changed into my outfit and wanted to go out for some photos."
Thankfully, it had only been one night.
By now, she was almost certain that no matter how long she stayed with Manfred, she would always return to the exact moment she left in this world.
The only uncertainty was whether she could still control the timing of her return.
"She's still young," Mona said warmly. "When I was her age, I spent all my time thinking about having fun."
Seeing how everyone's attention was focused on Vivian, each of them looking like they wished they could take her place in being sick, she couldn't help but smile.
She knew they had frightened Vivian.
In fact, she was one of the calmer ones. Vivian had been reliable and worry-free from a young age. Even this incident-falling ill and fainting-was a rare exception.
It wasn't likely to happen again. But now, everyone was convinced that Vivian couldn't take care of herself.
"You're coming to stay with me for a while," Janine insisted.
"I'll take care of you. Edgar hasn't been feeling well lately either, and it's hard for him to keep looking after you. Your grandpa and I will take care of you personally." 
Janine was completely unwilling to let Vivian stay alone at Galaxy Villa anymore.
She had already lost Skylar. She couldn't bear the thought of anything happening to Vivian too. If it did, it would truly break her.
"Grandma I'm really fine," Vivian said hurriedly I've actually been feeling a little under the weather the past couple of days, but I forgot to take my medicine. That's why I fainted without realizing it. 
"From now on, I'll take good care of myself. I'm already grown up and need to learn to live well on my own."
She needed to return to Manfred, and living with others would make that inconvenient.
Harvey, hearing this, glanced thoughtfully at Vivian before speaking up at the right moment. "This was an accident. After this experience, Vivian will definitely know how to take better care of herself in the future." 
###chapter1892
Vivian nodded repeatedly.
Janine still felt uneasy.
Ted gently persuaded her, "Trust her."
"How about letting her stay at my house? I can have Tyne keep her company. You two girls must have a lot in common," Natalie suggested.
Hadwin's eyes lit up slightly, and he chimed in, "That sounds like a good idea. Tyne has been wanting to meet you."
Hearing this, Natalie shot her son a warning look. Even if Vivian came to stay at their house, this boy had better not entertain any foolish thoughts. If Vivian stayed, Hadwin might as well find somewhere else to stay for the time being.
Vivian forced a smile. "Thank you, Aunt Natalie, but it's really not necessary. I can take care of myself just fine, don't worry. And I've been busy with a lot of schoolwork lately, so I need time to focus."
"Oh, I see. Well, take good care of yourself at home, and you can call me anytime," Natalie replied. She could tell that Vivian didn't want to trouble anyone and just wanted to rest quietly at home.
That made sense there's no place as comfortable as one's own home. Besides, all young girls would eventually grow up and sometimes need their own space. Too much involvement from the elders might make them feel restrained.
Afterward, Janine gave Vivian a few more instructions. Seeing that she looked tired, everyone gradually left.
Harvey volunteered to stay behind.
Once it was just the two of them, Harvey didn't beat around the bush. He asked directly, "Did you... go to that place again?"
Vivian didn't hide it. She briefly recounted her experience with Manfred.
"You're saying there are cursed s in that world too? And you have a chance
to find the copper mirror there?" Harvey asked quickly.
Vivian nodded. "Yes."
"In that case," Harvey suggested, "why not shift your approach? If you can't find the copper mirror, could you focus on finding someone who can deal with those evil entities? That might lead you to Skylar." 
Vivian's eyes lit up. "Why didn't I think of that? Uncle Harvey, you're amazing for coming up with this so quickly!"
The next time she went to see Manfred, she'd make it a point to find someone who could handle the cursed s.
Maybe that world had plenty of such people, and it would certainly be faster than scouring the entire world for a single copper mirror.
By pursuing both paths, she was confident she could find her parents quickly.
Harvey smiled. "This time, you were there for two years?"
"Yes, and I didn't expect it. I've only been away for about a month, but over there, two years have passed.
"And the worst part is, I left without saying goodbye. He must be worried sick if he can't find me. Plus, if go back, who knows how much time will have passed again?" Vivian said, growing anxious. 
She really couldn't grasp the rules of traveling back and forth between the past
and present. The patterns seemed unpredictable.
Harvey's expression turned serious
as well. "Don't rush. Right now, you've just recovered from a fever, and your body is still weak. Focus on getting better first." 
Vivian knew there was no point in being hasty. Since she was back now, she might as well rest and recover. "Did the doctor say when I can be discharged?"
"If you feel fine now, you can leave. The fever is gone, and all the tests came back normal. You just need to rest properly at home," Harvey replied.
"Then I want to go home now," Vivian said eagerly. She was afraid that the next time she saw Manfred, it might be years or months later.
###chapter1893
Back at the Atkinson residence, when Manfred woke up in the morning, he didn't go to wake Vivian.
They had returned late last night, and she might need extra rest. There was no sound from her room, so she was probably still asleep.
A maid approached cautiously and asked, "Mr. Atkinson, shall I prepare breakfast now?"
Manfred replied, "In half an hour."
"Yes, sir."
Half an hour later, Manfred glanced at the time. It was getting close to noon. After
a moment of thought, he walked to her door and knocked gently.
Kemp, who was standing not far away, noticed this and recalled what Alger had said yesterday.
Early that morning, Glen had sent someone to insist that Kemp stay close to Manfred, as his current condition was too precarious.
In Kemp's opinion, it might have been better if the person inside was a ghost. That would be easier to deal with than someone imagined by Manfred.
Mental illnesses were the hardest to cure.
After knocking a few times with no response from inside, Manfred's expression darkened. He pushed the door open and entered.
The room was empty, with no trace of anyone's presence. The bed was unmade, its covers messy, but no one was there.
His face turned pale, and he called out softly, "Vivian?"
But there was no response.
He immediately left the room and began searching the courtyard.
Vivian had told him before that she couldn't stray too far from him, so it was unlikely she had gone elsewhere. But now...
As the possibility that she had left again crossed his mind, his complexion grew even paler.
Kemp, standing at a distance, wanted to step forward but hesitated. Manfred's current state was too unpredictable-he looked utterly lost and despondent.
Time passed quickly, and a month went by in the blink of an eye.
During this month, Manfred seemed normal again in Kemp's eyes. This baffled Alger.
The priest had visited Manfred several times during this period, only to find him perfectly composed and rational during each encounter.
No ghosts, no delusions-he was back to normal?
.n
Glen started questioning Alger, "It's been a month now. Aside from those two days when his behavior was a bit odd, he's been acting. completely normal since. He seems fine to me. Are you sure you're not losing your touch as you get older?" 
Alger was so furious he nearly blew out his beard. "Nonsense! I don't spout baseless words! At most, your grandson's inner strength is formidable.
"Even if he developed some mental illness, he might have healed himself through sheer willpower-unlike weaker-willed individuals who can't control themselves." 
"That's fair. My grandson does take after me in some ways. Both of us have unshakable determination. Ifd had known things would turn out like this, I wouldn't have spent the past month so worried, afraid something might happen to him," Glen said, now feeling much more at ease. 
###chapter1894
Alger's mouth twitched. Glen had been shameless his entire life, from youth to old age. Now, with a veneer of respectability for the public, he was still the same in
private.
Fortunately, Alger wasn't one to hold grudges. He'd tolerated it and remained his friend.
Rolling his eyes, Alger muttered, "He's better now, but don't forget, he's cursed to be alone. Changing that in this lifetime? Nearly impossible."
Glen's expression darkened. "I asked you to find a solution a month ago. A month has passed, and with all your expertise, you still haven't figured out how to change his fate?"
Alger's lips twitched again. "But haven't you also failed to find someone whose horoscope matches his?"
Glen's frustration simmered. "I didn't expect it to be this hard. Vlario has plenty of young women of the right age, yet none match. My granddaughters are gentle and virtuous, and they are perfect for Manfred. But their horoscopes don't align. Can't you find a way for one to marry him without her being harmed?"
Alger stroked his beard, speechless. "There's no perfect solution. Unless..."
"Unless what?" Glen's eyes lit up, sensing that Alger might have an answer.
Alger frowned, then stood up abruptly. "Let's not discuss it now. There's nothing more to say. I'm tired and need to rest for a while."
Glen's temper flared. "I'm riddled with ailments, and you're tired? Stop speaking in riddles. You're as insufferable as ever."
If he weren't so frail, he'd have given Alger a piece of his mind-or more. Damn it, this so-called master couldn't even handle a simple curse.
Alger walked away, deep in thought, his expression somber. Glen, watching him go, slowly calmed.
"Forget it. If he won't say, there's a reason. But poor Manfred. Why must he suffer like this? No one truly cares for him. What if he falls into despair? What then?"
Glen sighed heavily, sadness settling over him.
That night, after leaving the hospital, Vivian returned to Galaxy Villa. Harvey, ever worried, kept reminding her to take care of herself during the ride home.
But Vivian seemed distracted the entire way.
Once home, she headed straight for her room, planning to find Manfred. However, her phone had been buzzing incessantly in her bag. Hesitating, she checked it.
Seeing that it was just a group chat notification about school
announcements, she breathedelne
Selief. There wasn't anything of urgent she needed to deal with. 
Just as she was about to put her phone down, Hadwin called. She answered as she climbed the stairs. "What do you need?"
Hadwin asked, "Did you just get discharged? How are you feeling now? Honestly, being home alone right p t now doesn't seem like a good idea. Do you want me to come over and keep you company?" 
Vivian dismissed the idea outright.
Vivian dismissed
"I'm fine. Seriously, I'm already back to normal. You don't have to worry mal
about me. Besides, you should. spend time with your girlfriend
instead. I need to focus on my studies anyway." 
Hadwin sighed. "I don't have a girlfriend right now, remember? You helped me break up with the last one, remember? Or did you forget?"
Hadwin was at a loss for words. Vivian's opinion of him was clear-she saw him as nothing more than a hopeless flirt.
It wouldn't have surprised her if he'd already found a new girlfriend so soon after his last one ended.
Vivian hummed, unconvinced. "No new girlfriend yet, huh? Explains why you suddenly have time for me. No need. My uncle's coming soon."
"Are you sure you don't need me to come over?" Hadwin sounded unconvinced.
"I'm sure. I've got things to do, so I'll see you another day." With that, Vivian ended the call. She did not wait for a reply.
###chapter1895
Hadwin stared at his phone after the call abruptly ended, the vein on his forehead twitching.
It was painfully clear-Vivian wasn't into him. She had no interest in him whatsoever.
"Am I being too eager? Maybe she's just too young to care about relationships. But that doesn't make sense. Even middle schoolers date these days. She's about to graduate, surrounded by people falling in love. If she's still clueless, that's just ridiculous."
Then, a troubling thought hit him. "Or maybe... she just doesn't feel anything for me?"
The realization soured his mood.
He hesitated, recalling how Natalie reacted when she found out he liked Vivian. Finally, he sighed. "Fine. I'll give her two more years."
...
Vivian, still clad in her period costume, returned to her bedroom and immediately went in search of Manfred. She'd sensibly dressed for the cold, wearing a cashmere coat over a light down jacket.
Silently repeating Manfred's name three times, she opened her eyes and found herself standing outside an unfamiliar room.
The surroundings were different. This wasn't the Atkinson residence.
Yet, she wasn't alarmed. If she was here, Manfred must be close by.
The weather was a stark contrast to Jipsburg, even more pronounced than when she'd last been there. Spring, not winter, seemed to have taken hold.
Finding herself too warm, she swiftly removed the lightweight down jacket from beneath her coat and stowed it in her bag.
As she glanced around, she admired the courtyard's graceful layout, noting the swing set and the charming artificial waterfall.
A team of maids was meticulously cleaning the area.

A stern-looking-woman, Teri Corbyn, likely in her 30s, approached. Her sharp gaze swept the courtyard. "Make sure everything is spotless Mr. Atkinson will arrive soon, and Princess Bonnie insists there be no mistakes." 
"Yes, Madam Corbyn," one of the maids replied.
At the mention of the Atkinsons, Vivian's unease faded. Manfred was here.
However, the distance between her and Manfred was a bit far this time. He hadn't arrived yet.
Still, she couldn't help but wonder if this was some kind of castle. The reference to a princess certainly suggested it.
She wasn't sure how long it had been since she left. Judging by the season, she'd been gone at least a month or two. Seeing how everyone was so anxious for Manfred, she couldn't help but wonder if he was engaged. 
The so-called princess must be his fiancée.
As she pondered, the door behind her suddenly opened. A woman emerged, dressed in a sky-blue gown with delicate floral embroidery. The craftsmanship was exquisite.
The woman's skin was fair, her lips naturally red, and her eyes sparkled with anticipation.
"How soon will Mr. Atkinson arrive?"
"Princess Bonnie, please wait. He should be here shortly. I'll check again."
Bonnie Nash gently stopped her. "There's no need to check. Dad and Vernon must have matters to
discuss with Mr. Atkinson. We shouldn't disturb them. Once they're done, he will naturally come to see me." ?wnovel
Teri nodded with a smile. "You're right. Mr. Nash has invited Mr. Atkinson several times, and now that he has agreed to come, it must be to check your pulse.
"Mr. Atkinson is remarkable—self-taught in medicine, though he rarely treats others. Some say even the royal physicians aren't as skilled."
"It's not just his medical skills. When the riots broke out, it was Mr. Atkinson who led the troops to suppress them. Dad said it was delicate, but he handled it brilliantly."
Her eyes glowed with admiration as she spoke of Manfred.
###chapter1896
Teri replied, "Yes, that's right, Princess Bonnie."
Vivian paused, her mind briefly clouded by the conversation between Teri and Bonnie. How long had she been gone this time? It couldn't have been just two or three months-perhaps longer.
Word of Manfred's medical prowess had spread throughout Vlario. He'd even gained some renown after leading troops to suppress a rebellion.
Lost in her tangled thoughts, Vivian was pulled back by the sound of cheerful laughter drifting from afar.
Teri's eyes lit up as she turned to Bonnie. "Princess Bonnie, Mr. Nash and Mr. Atkinson have arrived."
Bonnie's gaze shot toward the distance, her heart racing as she finally caught sight of the figure who had occupied her thoughts day and night-Manfred. A faint flush crept over her cheeks.
"Teri, please prepare some lemon tea. I'll just wait here in the yard."
She wasn't married, nor was Manfred. Inviting him into her room would be improper.
Teri nodded, understanding the unspoken reasons behind Bonnie's request. "Of course, I'll arrange it right away."
Vivian quickly realized that standing out in the open was not a good idea. While others could not see her, Manfred certainly could.
She recalled the last time she had unexpectedly appeared unannounced at Holland Residence, which had led to some inappropriate actions from him at that time. This situation was obviously different from when she had been at Holland Residence.
Manfred was here to treat Bonnie, and from the way they interacted, it seemed there might be feelings growing between them.
The thought of them being interested in each other made her heart feel heavy.
She quickly spotted a large tree and hid behind it. The tree must've been centuries old. Its wide trunk and dense foliage offered the perfect cover.
Not long after, Manfred entered the yard with Crispin Nash and a few others.
Bonnie approached them with graceful steps.
"Good evening, Mr. Atkinson," she said, her voice calm but respectful.
"There's no need for such formality, Princess Bonnie," Manfred replied coolly, his
tone even-neither distant nor overly warm.
Crispin chuckled lightly. "Yes, Bonnie, no need to be so formal."
Bonnie straightened, though her gaze remained lowered, hesitant to meet Manfred's eyes directly.
A maid soon arrived with the lemon tea, and the group settled down.
Crispin was particularly pleased with Manfred. In fact, he couldn't find a better potential son-in-law anywhere in Vlario. Although there wasn't much progress between him and
BUT
Bonnie yet, everyone was eager to bring them together, and he was confident that there would be no surprises. 
Besides, Crispin knew his daughter well. He knew exactly the kind of man she admired.
"Manfred, please take a look at
Bonnie's condition. She's been on various medicines for the past two years. The royal physicians visit regularly, but nothing seems to help. She still suffers from nightmares every night and struggles to sleep," Crispin said. 
His worry for his only daughter was etched into every word. Watching Bonnie wither under the weight of sleepless nights and fading appetite was agony.
Hidden behind the tree, Vivian's expression darkened. She had been too preoccupied to notice it before, but Crispin's words struck her with sudden clarity.
No wonder something had felt
wrong when she'd stood near Bonnie's door earlier. She'd brushed
it off at the time, but now it was obvious. There was a negative item in Bonnie's room. 
It was the presence of this negative item that caused her restless nights and unending nightmares.
###chapter1897
Manfred took Bonnie's pulse. After a moment, he released her wrist but didn't immediately speak.
Crispin and the others anxiously watched him.
"Is something seriously wrong with me?" Bonnie bit her lip. She could still feel the warmth from his touch on her wrist.
Her heart raced as she spoke. Still, she mustered the courage to look at Manfred directly.
Crispin quickly urged, "Manfred, whatever it is, tell us. She's seen countless physicians over the past two years-royal physicians, specialists—but their diagnoses never align. They've prescribed different remedies, but nothing works."
"Yes, you don't have to worry about us. We just want the truth," Vernon Nash, Crispin's son, added.
The three were visibly tense, especially Bonnie.
Bonnie truly feared she might have an incurable disease, a verdict that would shatter her dreams of a future with the man before her. She desperately wanted to be in good health.
Manfred remained calm, his expression neutral, showing no emotion. "Princess Bonnie is simply exhausted. Her inner energy is low, but there's no sign of serious illness."
"No serious illness? Then why the insomnia?" Crispin was puzzled.
Vernon also appeared confused. "Several royal physicians have examined her, and they all gave similar assessments—nothing critical. Some even suggested she read less and spend time in serene environments to calm her mind."
"Dreams often mirror our waking thoughts," Manfred replied.
d
Bonnie worried that Manfred might think of her as overly sensitive and emotional. She quickly explained, haven't been obsessing over anything during the day, and I rarely dwell on a problem. The things I see in my nightmare are things I've never encountered before, so I'don't really understand why they're happening." 
"Yes, everyone in Nash Residence can attest to this. Two years ago, my sister was the most cheerful person, and no one knows why she suddenly started having these strange nightmares every night," Vernon added. 
Old sayings claimed dreams reflected the heart's burdens, but Bonnie had always
been kind and gracious to everyone. None of it fit.
Crispin sighed heavily. "Could she be cursed? Should we consult a master?"
Manfred remained indifferent to Bonnie's character. Whether she was gentle or harsh mattered little. "Perhaps it's worth a try."
He didn't dismiss the possibility of something supernatural. The world was vast, and anything could happen.
At that moment, a familiar voice reached his ears. "Manfred, stay calm and don't move! There's a negative item in the princess' room. It's the source of her nightmares."
Vivian's voice was soft as she stood just behind Manfred. Having seen the harm caused by the negative item, she couldn't just stand by, especially if Bonnie might become part of Manfred's future. 
The sound of Vivian's voice made Manfred's hand clench around his glass, nearly shattering it and spilling his lemon tea. His face contorted, and Crispin, alarmed, asked, "Manfred?"
Manfred quickly regained his composure. "May I take a look inside your room, Princess Bonnie? Perhaps there's something there causing your sleepless nights."
"Yes, of course," Bonnie replied quickly, her curiosity piqued.
The thought crossed Vivian's mind—was it another cursed copper mirror, similar
to the one she'd encountered at the copper mirror store?
###chapter1898
Crispin paused for a moment before standing up. "Then I'll leave it to you, Manfred."
"Please, follow me, Mr. Atkinson," Bonnie said, her cheeks flushed. She hadn't expected Manfred to enter her room today.
Regret washed over her. She should've asked Teri to ensure the room was spotless and that every detail was perfect. A hint of lavender or chamomile would have filled the space with a calming fragrance, leaving a pleasant impression. But it was too late now.
As Manfred stood, his gaze briefly met Vivian's.
Vivian gave a playful smile. "Did I startle you?"
It wasn't the time for questions, not with others present.
Manfred held her gaze a moment longer. He might've kept staring if not for Vernon's gentle nudge.
Vivian followed Manfred into the room.
Once inside, Vivian's eyes brightened at the sight of the room. Bonnie truly had exquisite taste in decor-everything was arranged thoughtfully. It was clear she was a woman with an artistic soul.
Several landscape paintings hung on the walls. Based on their signatures, she could tell they were Bonnie's work.
A woman who was both talented and beautiful was such a rare combination.
It was fortunate for Manfred that Bonnie harbored feelings for him. Yet, upon
entering the room, his eyes immediately sought out Vivian, lingering on her with a look that spoke of both unanswered questions and intense desire.
Bonnie noticed Manfred's lingering gaze toward a corner. "Is something wrong over there?" she asked, following his line of sight to an unremarkable flowerpot.
The flower was quite ordinary, harmless, and odorless.
Manfred withdrew his gaze, his hand clenched tightly under his long sleeve. In a low voice, he replied, "No."
Crispin and Vernon didn't interrupt Manfred.
They could both tell that Manfred was a capable man, and since he suggested that the issue might be in Bonnie's room, it was possible that the problem indeed lay there.
Vivian walked over to the vanity table.
She lowered her head and looked at the copper mirror.
Manfred followed her, standing behind her. It seemed like he was observing the mirror, but in fact, his attention was on Vivian. The unique style of her outfit highlighted her excellent figure. 
He could also tell that she hadn't changed at all. In fact, it was as if he had grown older, more composed, and far too dull.
"This copper mirror is problematic.
It's the same as the three mirrors in that copper mirror store you took me to yesterday. All of them came from the same creator. Anyone who comes into contact with this mirror will be plagued by nightmares. 
"And that's just in the first two or three years. After some time, those who look into it daily will become increasingly unattractive, and their thoughts will no longer be under their control." 
Manfred's eyes gleamed when he heard her mention yesterday. He wondered if only a day had passed for Vivian.
###chapter1899
Manfred had countless questions for Vivian, but this wasn't the right moment.
Just as he was about to reach for the copper mirror, Vivian immediately stopped him. "Wait a moment, you can't touch this copper mirror."
The mirror, crafted for women, bore intricate engravings tailored to their tastes. It carried a heavy, oppressive energy that could harm Manfred.
"If·
you touch it, you could fall ill," she added.
Manfred froze, his hand hovering midair before he slowly withdrew it. Vivian continued, "Have someone cover it with a red cloth and send it to your mansion. Let them know you'll arrange for its handling."
He trusted her completely. Vivian never spoke without reason. If she could identify the mirror's malevolence, she surely knew how to manage it.
"Manfred..." Crispin ventured, his voice hesitant after the extended quiet from Manfred.
Manfred turned to face them, his expression grave. "This copper mirror is a negative item."
"A negative item?" The words echoed in unison, confusion etched on their faces.
None of them had ever heard of such a term, but its ominous ring left little room for optimism.
"Yes. Your nightmares over the past two years are linked to this mirror," Manfred explained.
Bonnie's eyes narrowed in thought, then widened with realization. "Now that you mention it, I remember. The old mirror broke, and I bought this one over two years ago. Not long after, the nightmares began."
Vernon muttered under his breath, "Such a thing exists? No wonder you call it a negative item."
Without thinking, Vernon stepped forward, reaching for the mirror.
Manfred quickly grabbed his wrist. "Don't touch it. The negative energy is strong. If you touch it, you'll fall sick."
"What?" Vernon's face paled as he recoiled.
Crispin, who had also been about to approach the copper mirror, stepped back at Manfred's warning.
Bonnie's face turned pale with fear. "I look into that mirror every day and occasionally touch it... What will happen to me?"
"Women aren't as affected, but your maids have likely been unwell over the past two years," Manfred said, echoing Vivian's words.
His tone softened, a reflection of Vivian's gentle cadence, though none of them noticed, their attention fixed on the negative item.
Bonnie nodded quickly. "Yes! Now that you mention it, I recall that Teri and some maids have been sick
more often lately. They catch colds easily. I never thought it was
because of this mirror." 
Crispin, having weathered countless
storms in his lifetime, quickly regained his composure. "What should we do now? Manfred, Since
you know this is a negative item, do you have a way to deal with it?"
Manfred calmly repeated Vivian's suggestion to handle the mirror. As his words sank in, relief washed over them. The color slowly returned to their faces.
"So, once the copper mirror is dealt with, I won't have nightmares anymore?" Bonnie asked gently. It was clear that the nightmares had taken a toll on her.
Indeed, anyone plagued by nightmares night after night would be driven to the brink of madness. Fortunately, Bonnie was an upright and honest person with a clear conscience. 
That was likely why, despite the nightmares, her suffering was limited to physical
weakness during the day and had no other lasting effects.
Even so, Manfred remained cool and simply said, "Yes."
###chapter1900
Bonnie was overcome with gratitude. "This is wonderful! I finally won't be tormented by nightmares anymore. Thank you, Mr. Atkinson!"
Crispin and Vernon joined in expressing their thanks.
They warmly invited Manfred to stay for dinner, but he declined without hesitation. His mind was elsewhere, entirely preoccupied with thoughts of Vivian. Staying meant she might go hungry tonight; he couldn't allow that.
Manfred politely declined, offering a quick excuse to leave. Before departing, he instructed them to send the copper mirror to the Atkinson residence as soon as possible.
Then, he and Vivian exited Nash Residence together. Once inside the carriage, the two finally had a moment to talk.
Without a word, Manfred pulled Vivian into his arms.
At that moment, concerns about propriety or boundaries meant nothing. What mattered was that Vivian had returned. She was real, tangible, and right before
his eyes.
Vivian stiffened at first, caught off guard, but soon relaxed. She gently patted his back, her voice soft. "When I left last time, I didn't mean to disappear without saying goodbye. I didn't even know why I left so abruptly."
"I know," Manfred said softly. He trusted every word she spoke. He knew she wasn't the kind of person to leave without an explanation.
But this time, her absence had been far too long.
Vivian let out a small sigh of relief. "I was gone for just one night. How long was it for you?"
"One and a half years," Manfred replied in a low voice.
"That long?" Vivian frowned. The realization hit her hard-leaving and returning
might not be as simple as she thought. Time here slipped through her fingers like sand.
"Yes, it's been a long time."
Though reluctant, Manfred
eventually loosened his embracez Holding her any longer might make her uncomfortable, and he didn't want her to think he was
overstepping. 
Vivian suddenly thought of Bonnie. "Do you and the princess get along? Do you like each other?"
Manfred arched his brow. "I hardly
know her. My connection to her
father is tenuous at best. They
sought me out because of my grandfather's reputation." 
In his heart, no one could ever compare to Vivian.
"I see." Vivian was about to mention that Bonnie might have feelings for him, but she quickly stopped herself. That was not something she should be
nting on. 
Moreover, she realized her own feelings were rather complicated.
Hearing Manfred deny any affection for Bonnie brought a sense of relief to her.
Noticing Vivian's unspoken thoughts, Manfred added softly, "I truly have no interest in her."
Vivian let the subject drop. "Is it far from your home?" she asked instead.
"About one hour. Are you thirsty?" He reached for a glass, noticing she hadn't eaten or drunk anything since they left.
The carriage was well-stocked with refreshments. There were tea and snacks available.
Vivian was indeed thirsty, so she took the glass of water and drank it. "Thank you."
Manfred smiled slightly. "There's no need for thanks between us."
He didn't like it when she was too polite. Politeness created distance, and that was the last thing he wanted.
Vivian suddenly remembered something.

###chapter1901
Vivian had brought a gift for Manfred—a beautifully crafted emerald pendant. She immediately began rummaging through her bag to find it.
She had bought it a while ago but had forgotten to give it to him during her last visit. It had remained tucked away, waiting for the right moment. Now, with the pendant in her possession and Manfred before her, it felt like the perfect time.
Of course, now that Manfred had become the head of the Atkinson family, he could have anything he desired, and there was nothing he truly lacked.
However, when she first saw this emerald pendant, Vivian felt it was perfect for him. The emerald was pure and smooth, and its soft glow would undoubtedly add to his refined and handsome image.
Manfred had always been someone of remarkable charm and elegance.
"Do you like it?" Vivian watched Manfred with some anticipation, waiting for his reaction.
"I do," Manfred replied, his eyes filled with surprise and appreciation. The emerald pendant felt like an irreplaceable treasure to him.
Vivian saw how much Manfred liked the emerald pendant, and she eagerly explained why she had chosen it. "I honestly believe no one could wear this pendant better than you. On you, it shines with effortless grace, like it was made just for you. Anyone else would only diminish its charm."
"Look here," she added, pointing to a tiny engraving along the edge, "I had a small symbol carved—a charm for your safety, my blessing to you. Manfred, I hope you find everything you desire in life and remain safe, always."
Manfred's eyes glistened as he listened to her. He met her gaze, seeing the genuine emotion and the spark within. A silent vow formed in his heart. "She's the only one for me. Even fleeting glimpses of her are treasures I'll hold dear."
Only her.
The carriage soon arrived at the Atkinson residence. Baz brought it to a smooth halt, and Manfred stepped out first. Turning back, he extended his hand to Vivian.
She could've easily managed on her own, but as she met his expectant gaze, she found herself unable to refuse. Slipping her hand into his, she stepped down gracefully.
Baz and the doorman exchanged quick, wide-eyed glances, their surprise thinly veiled. It wasn't hard to guess what rumors would follow.
Before long, the maids would whisper that Manfred was haunted once again by a female spirit.
Together, Manfred and Vivian crossed the threshold into the Atkinson residence.
As before, Manfred instructed the chef to prepare a lavish dinner, just as he had done previously.
Meanwhile, Kemp, who had just finished practicing his
swordsmanship, noticed a maid running toward him in a state of panic. He arched his brow. "What's going on? Why the hurry?" 
"It's... It's Mr. Atkinson... He's acting like he did before. Could the female spirit be back?" the maid said frantically.
Kemp froze for a moment, his expression shifting. "Enough with that nonsense. There are no ghosts here! Have you ever seen one? Stop talking about ghosts all the time."
But even as he dismissed her fears, doubt crept in.
Was Manfred slipping again? Alger had warned that it was uncertain
whether Manfred had truly
recovered-or if he had simply
buried the darker parts of net
Something must've stirred
today-something that perhaps had brought those shadows back.
With that thought in mind, he quickly turned to the maid before him and ordered, "Keep an eye on Mr. Atkinson. Watch his every move, but don't make it obvious. I'll step out for a moment." 
"Understood."
Vivian had eaten two large bowls of food. She felt quite full.
She couldn't deny it—the chef at the Atkinson residence was exceptional. Time
had only sharpened their skills, and tonight's dishes were unlike any she'd tasted before.
"This is delicious," she said.
###chapter1902
Manfred smiled at Vivian and asked, "How about we go for a walk to help with digestion?"
Vivian nodded eagerly. "I need to walk off this fullness. I'm stuffed."
As soon as they stepped outside, curious glances followed them.
Manfred either didn't notice or didn't care. Vivian gave him a playful blink. "They probably think you're with a ghost again."
"Let them think what they want," he replied, indifferent to the whispers.
If being head of the Atkinson family meant keeping his distance from Vivian, the title held no meaning for him.
Vivian's eyes glinted with thought. "If I stay longer this time, maybe others will see me too. That might clear up some misunderstandings."
When Manfred heard that she might stay longer, his eyes sparkled with anticipation. "Really? You can stay longer?"
"I think so," Vivian replied, though uncertainty lingered in her voice. Last time, she managed only two or three days. This time, she felt it might be more.
Manfred's eyes shone brighter. "I'll need to leave Vlario soon for business. But we can go together if you're staying longer."
He paused, worried she might overthink it, then quickly added, "And we could visit some copper mirror stores outside the city. You're still looking for one, right?"
At the mention of the copper mirror, Vivian's face lit up. "That sounds great. I'd love to see what's beyond the city as well."
They shared a warm smile as they strolled through the vast Atkinson residence, passing the occasional maid. Vivian would fall silent, but Manfred kept talking, unfazed.
After a long walk around the mansion, Vivian began to feel tired.
Glen hurried over as they approached their room. He grabbed Manfred's arm. His face was full of concern. "Manfred, are you... are you alright?"
Manfred chuckled softly. "Grandpa, I'm perfectly fine."
This was the first time he felt truly happy in over a year. And he found himself looking forward to the idea of leaving Vlario to handle official business.
Glen's eyes reddened as he studied his grandson. Manfred looked healthy speaking with ease and showing no signs of illness. It was
unthinkable that he might be
suffering from mental illness again. 
Vivian, standing quietly beside them, felt tears welling up. Thoughts of Janine and Edgar filled her mind.
"Then you... you..." Glen hesitated, wanting to ask about the hallucinations but unsure how without sounding too blunt or frightening Manfred. Yet, not asking gnawed at his worries.
Just then, Alger arrived.
Yawning, Alger appeared drowsy, clearly pulled from sleep by Glen's maids. His face showed mild confusion but no panic. If Manfred's condition had worsened, so be it-Manfred's spirit was strong. But voicing that would only invite Glen's scolding. 
Alger yawned again, then froze, eyes widening in disbelief. He stared at the woman beside Manfred.
Dressed eccentrically and strikingly beautiful, her presence was
ver
otherworldly. Manfred looked at her
with warmth and affection.
Alger, still in shock, muttered the most unprofessional question of his career, "Are
you... human or ghost?"
###chapter1903
Vivian was stunned.
Previously, Alger couldn't see her, but now, he could.
She immediately strode over, meeting his gaze without hesitation. "Of course, I'm human. If I were a ghost, you'd have banished me with a talisman by now," she said, her tone light, unbothered by Alger's scrutiny.
She found the old man rather amusing than intimidating.
Manfred quickly stepped forward, placing himself protectively in front of her, his expression icy as he glared at Alger.
Glen stared in disbelief, swallowing hard several times before managing to speak calmly. "Alger, what do you mean by that? What do you mean by 'human or ghost'?
"Did you see something? Didn't you say that Manfred was suffering from a mental illness and was only talking to an imaginary person?"
His eyes darted around, narrowing as he strained to see Vivian.
Kemp and several maids, who had been standing nearby, were equally shocked. Hearing Alger question whether someone was human or a ghost was beyond their imagination.
Alger swallowed hard, steadying himself. Despite his years and knowledge, the world always found new ways to surprise him.
The young woman before him wasn't a ghost. There is no ominous aura or traces of malevolent energy-nothing to suggest the supernatural.
"Kemp, have everyone leave," Alger ordered.
Kemp hesitated, curiosity battling duty. He wanted to stay, to unravel the mystery. But Alger's word was law. With a reluctant nod, he
ushered everyone out, line let
far enough to eavesdrop from a distance. 
just
Once everyone left, Glen rushed to Alger's side. "Spill it. What scared you? More importantly, is it a human or a ghost? Woman or man?"
He muttered a curse under his breath, frustrated by his failing eyesight. A decade or two ago, he wouldn't have needed to ask.
Manfred's face darkened at the mention of a ghost. His voice was sharp. "She's a woman."
"Mr. Holland Senior, I promise you, I'm as real as they come-flesh and blood, not some wandering spirit," Vivian quipped, a playful smile tugging at her lips.
Her gaze flicked briefly to the bracelet on her wrist, now glowing faintly violet- different from before. She noticed immediately but kept her composure.
The last thing she wanted right now was to frighten Glen.
She also had a strange intuition. It wouldn't be long before others, not just Alger, could see her.
Glen, his eyes wide with astonishment, immediately began scanning the area for the source of the voice.
"It's true. She's a woman!" Alger exclaimed. Having regained his usual composure, he tilted his chin slightly, adopting his familiar air of authority. He cleared his throat deliberately. "A year ago, was it you who appeared before Mr. Atkinson?" 
Vivian opened her mouth to answer, but Manfred spoke first. "We've known each other for a long time. She was with me when I had nothing and was struggling to survive Without her, I wouldn't be the man I am today." 
The weight of his words elevated Vivian's position.
Glen, who knew Manfred inside out, didn't need further explanation. If he couldn't grasp Vivian's importance after that, he might as well have learned nothing in all his years.
###chapter1904
It was a rare sight for Glen to witness Manfred standing up for a woman.
Although Glen couldn't see whether the woman was tall or short, slender or full- figured, the sheer determination in Manfred's tone was striking enough to take him
aback.
Alger nodded knowingly, his air of mystery thick. "As I suspected. Now I understand why no one else can see you. You likely don't belong to this world."
Vivian couldn't help but admit Alger had an uncanny knack for hitting the mark every time.
Vivian responded calmly, "You're right. I'm not from here. Meeting Manfred was purely by chance. But I assure you, I mean no harm to him. We're friends, and I would never hurt him."
Her words, now audible to Glen, did little to ease his doubt.
"Really?" Glen's years on the battlefield had taught him to trust cautiously, and suspicion lingered in his eyes.
Alger inwardly rolled his eyes. What did it matter if she was lying?
If Vivian deceived Manfred, his demeanor suggested he'd gladly let her. If she asked for his heart, he'd carve it out without hesitation.
Alger understood Manfred's fate all too well-a destiny marked by solitude. Yet, he also knew Manfred's heart was unyielding. If someone managed to stir it, Manfred would become unwaveringly loyal, ready to give everything for that person, even his life.
Manfred declared, "She is the one I trust most in this world."
Glen nearly choked on his unspoken thoughts. What did Manfred mean by that? Was he really so untrustworthy? He should be the one Manfred trusted above all others, shouldn't he?
Eventually, the four of them gathered in a room. Glen exchanged uneasy glances with Alger, still unsure if Vivian was a threat.
Yet what unsettled Glen more was the creeping suspicion that they'd all been drugged that this entire scenario was nothing more than an elaborate hallucination.
Vivian could sense Glen's apprehension. For now, no amount of explanation would ease his suspicion. Only time would offer the proof he needed.
As they sipped lemon tea, Glen's skepticism deepened. His eyes widened as he witnessed a glass floated into the air, tilted, then settled back down, its contents mysteriously gone. 
The sight was so surreal that even in his youth, when imagination knew no bounds, Glen couldn't have envisioned it.
"Your medical skills-did you learn them from those books she gave you?" Glen asked as he listened to Manfred recount some past events, finding himself stunned once again.
Alger's eyes flickered with intrigue, his hand pausing slightly as he held his glass.
Manfred replied, "Yes, and there were many other books as well. I successfully became the head of the Atkinson family and managed to on secure my place in court largely due to the knowledge from those books she gave me." 
Vivian felt a flush of embarrassment as Manfred credited her for his
achievements. "You've helped me plenty too. And soon, because of you, I'll see places I never dreamed of."
"And find my parents," she thought quietly.
These were things she could only achieve with Manfred's help.
Hearing this, Glen had no more to say.
Still, there were matters he couldn't discuss in front of Manfred. Making an excuse, he signaled to Alger that it was time to leave.
At the door, Alger paused and glanced back. "You mentioned your world has many books. Next time you visit, could you bring me one on identifying negative items?"
"You're interested in negative items, Mr. Marshman?" Vivian was surprised to learn that Alger was familiar with them.
Alger twitched slightly at the corner of his mouth. He certainly couldn't afford to develop any unhealthy interest in negative items. "Not interested, no, not at all. It's just that I want to help people deal with negative items, but I've always lacked the proper method." 
###chapter1905
Vivian smiled knowingly. "I see. If you want to learn how to deal with negative items, Mr. Marshman, feel free to ask me. I can help you. I'll share whatever I know."
Skylar had once told her that if more people knew how to handle negative items, fewer people would fall victim to them. So, whenever someone showed awareness of such things, she would always share everything she knew without hesitation.
Alger's eyes widened in shock. "You can handle negative items?"
Vivian nodded lightly, her smile soft. "Yes."
Still stunned, he paused before speaking again. "Then... I'll come by tomorrow."
He regretted not having brought any negative items with him. If he had, he could have shown her right away.
He was good at reading people, and he knew the young woman before him wasn't bluffing. Someone like her wouldn't have crossed into their world without purpose.
...
After leaving the Atkinson residence, Glen and Alger swiftly boarded the carriage. Despite their age, they still moved with agility, getting onto the carriage with practiced ease.
Once inside, they exchanged looks. Glen spoke first. "Do you think this young woman is trustworthy? I can't see her, and I have no idea what she looks like, so I can't tell if she's deceiving us. Manfred seems to trust her completely."
"She's stunning-truly a rare beauty. As for Manfred, his trust in her seems absolute. He would probably give her his heart without hesitation," Alger replied candidly.
Glen frowned. "Manfred doesn't seem the type to care so much about matters of the heart. You're exaggerating."
Pel
Alger scoffed and rolled his eyes. "Exaggerating? Have you ever seen him pay attention to any woman? Over the past couple of years, you've introduced him to many younge women. Even the Atkinson family has brought in many beautiful maids, yet he hasn't spared them a second glance. In his eyes, those women are just like men." 
Glen paused, then realized the situation with Vivian. He quickly said, "That young woman isn't from our world, and who knows when she might leave? She's been absent for over a year, and she could disappear at any time. What will happen to Manfred? He'll be left heartbroken. I can't let him get so attached to her." 
Alger stroked his long beard thoughtfully, exuding the calm demeanor of a sage.
"Don't forget, Manfred is destined to remain alone, a fate that hasn't found someone capable of suppressing it. This young woman might just be the exception."
Glen blinked. "You think she might be the exception?"
"Perhaps, though it's still uncertain," Alger said, though his tone lacked conviction. He was still processing the shock. Finding someone who understood negative items was a remarkable occurrence, and even rarer for that person to be from another world.
Glen gritted his teeth, silent for a moment.
After a while, he spoke again. "The more I think about it, the less I believe this young woman is right for him. She's not from this world, and she's invisible to others. Who's to say she won't vanish one day and never return? What will Manfred do then? The thought of him suffering from unrequited love... I can't let that happen. I can't approve of this." 
Alger rolled his eyes in frustration. "What's the point of not approving? You can't
stop it."
"You!"
...
At Galaxy Villa, Harvey had been waiting outside for over ten minutes. When
Vivian still hadn't responded, concern gnawed at him. Without another thought, he stepped inside, fearing something might've happened to her.
###chapter1906
After stepping inside, Harvey searched every corner of the villa, but Vivian was nowhere to be found. It didn't take long for him to realize she had likely returned to that mysterious world again.
In the group chat, messages from everyone kept coming in, all discussing Vivian.
Concern rippled through the conversations, with many noting how strange she'd been acting lately. Only Harvey knew the truth-her secret and the fact that Skylar and Joe were still alive.
Sitting on the couch, he drafted a message before hitting send. "Don't worry about Vivian. Whatever she's doing, she has her reasons. As her family, our role is simple-stand by her and support her, always."
He believed wholeheartedly that Vivian would bring Skylar and Joe back. Tonight, he would stay here, determined to ensure she wouldn't fall ill again, like the last time he found her collapsed with a fever.
The next day at noon, Vernon personally delivered the copper mirror wrapped in red cloth.
Manfred didn't keep him for long. He sent Vernon back to wait for good news.
"Leave the rest to me. Go handle your work," Vivian said when she saw Manfred still standing nearby.
Since yesterday, except for sleeping, Manfred had been with her. He had so much work to do, and she didn't want to take up his time.
If he worked late again, it would definitely affect his health.
"There's no urgent business lately, and if there is, it can wait," Manfred said, unwilling to leave. He was worried that if he left, even for a moment, Vivian might disappear again.
Despite her assurance she'd stay longer this time, unease gnawed at him.
Besides, work could be done at night or by waking up two hours earlier. There was no need to waste time.
Vivian didn't say anything else and focused on the copper mirror.
Even though it was wrapped in red cloth, she could still feel the coldness emanating from the mirror.
The mirror, imbued with Bonnie's essence for more than two years, radiated an even more potent coldness. Vivian immediately unwrapped the red cloth and began drawing symbols on the mirror.
With each stroke of the symbol, the negative energy on the copper mirror seemed to wane. Manfred felt it too the biting cold that had hit him when the cloth was first removed was now fading. 
It took Vivian about 15 minutes to finish drawing the symbols.
She stood still, eyes closed, battling a wave of dizziness. Keeping her eyes shut helped, but not enough.
Manfred noticed immediately.
Rushing to her side, he supported her gently. Moments ago, she'd seemed fine. Now, her face was
alarmingly pale. Panic surged net
through him. "Vivian? Are you
alright?" 
He nearly shouted for help, his mind racing to call for a physician, but then he remembered he knew medicine. He reached to check her pulse just as she opened her eyes.
Her voice was faint. "I'm fine. Don't worry. Since I'm not from this world, handling negative items drains me more than it would someone native. I just need to rest for a bit."
The news of her exhaustion visibly affected Manfred. Regret washed over him instantly. Bonnie could suffer her nightmares-if it killed her, so be it. But he couldn't bear to see Vivian like this. 
Her health was even more fragile now.
Checking her pulse, he found nothing unusual, which only fueled his frustration. The uncertainty gnawed at him, anger simmering beneath the surface.
That Bonnie deserved to die.
###chapter1907
After resting for two hours, Vivian walked out of her room and saw Alger sitting in the yard, staring at the negative item she had already dealt with.
He absentmindedly stroked his beard, his expression clouded with unspoken questions. Manfred was nowhere in sight.
Just as she began walking toward Alger, a nearby door creaked open. Manfred emerged, striding toward her with evident concern. "Are you feeling better?"
His eyes searched her face, softening with relief when he saw her complexion had regained some color.
"I'm fine now," Vivian replied.
Hearing their voices, Alger shifted his attention toward them. "Ah, you're awake? The negative item feels entirely neutral now-no trace of negative energy. Was that your doing?"
His eyes gleamed with shock, curiosity, and an almost desperate hunger for understanding.
Vivian nodded as she approached him. "Yes, I handled the negative energy on it."
Though Alger had suspected as much, hearing it confirmed left him momentarily speechless. Her youth no longer mattered; what she knew was beyond his grasp. "Could you tell me how you dealt with the negative energy? If you do, I'll agree to any condition you set."
Alger had journeyed extensively, not only to aid others but also to
uncover methods for dealing with
negative items. Despite his years
travel he'd met few who even recognized their danger, let alone knew how to neutralize them. His understanding had come through fragments of chance discoveries. 
Vivian shook her head gently. "The ability to manage negative items isn't something to be traded. Since fate has brought us together, it. means you have the potential. learn. Asking for something in return would go against the natural order. I'll teach you how to handle these items." 
She wasn't from this world and couldn't shoulder the responsibility of continuously cleansing negative items. Even this single effort had drained her, and despite the fest, she still felt a lingering weakness.
Alger hadn't expected such profound wisdom from someone so young. The truths he'd spent a lifetime piecing together were spoken with effortless clarity by this young woman. It was humbling.
He paused, then nodded deeply. "Thank you, young lady."
Manfred stood silently, his gaze darkening as a heavy discomfort settled in his chest. What should have been his time with Vivian now belonged to an old man whose presence felt like an intrusion.
...
The next day, at Nash Residence, Bonnie awoke after a night of uninterrupted sleep—the first in two years without nightmares. She felt refreshed, her body light, and her mind clear.
The unfamiliar sense of comfort left her momentarily disoriented.
The maids around her were equally stunned by the change.
###chapter1908
A maid said, "Princess Bonnie, you slept two hours longer than usual today, and you didn't call for anyone during the night. Mr. Atkinson is truly impressive!"
Bonnie's eyes gleamed with joy upon hearing this. "This is the first time in two years I've slept so peacefully. Quickly, help me get dressed. I need to see my father immediately."
"Yes, Princess Bonnie."
Moments later, Bonnie made her way to find Crispin and Vernon. Their faces lit up with joy as they listened to her.
"That's wonderful! For two years, I've watched you suffer, and now, you're finally free from those nightmares. I'm truly overjoyed!" Crispin exclaimed, his voice brimming with relief.
Vernon also looked delighted. "Mr. Atkinson is truly remarkable! We've had so many others come to examine you, but none succeeded. If only I had invited him sooner when your nightmares first began."
Bonnie's cheeks flushed at the mention of Manfred's name, but she mustered her courage. "Dad, Vernon, I... I want to visit the Atkinson residence to thank him. I don't know how much longer I could have endured if it weren't for him."
The past two years had been a relentless torment, filled with sleepless nights and creeping despair. There were moments when the weight felt unbearable, when even the thought of escape through death crossed her mind-thoughts she never dared share, afraid of adding to Crispin and Vernon's burdens.
Crispin and Vernon exchanged knowing glances. They both understood Bonnie's feelings. In fact, they shared the same thoughts.
In all of Vlario, only a few men were suitable for Bonnie to marry. Manfred's family was uncomplicated, free from the entanglements of difficult in-laws. She would be the mistress of her own household. Moreover, Manfred possessed both talent and the esteemed support of the Holland family.
Recently, many in Vlario had been eager to forge ties with Glen, hoping to secure Manfred as a match. But Crispin knew Manfred was not one to be swayed by his elders. Glen may be his grandfather, but it was Manfred's heart and mind that mattered.
As long as Manfred agreed, everything would fall into place.
"Alright, we'll go together. Prepare some gifts for the visit," Crispin decided.
"Yes, I... I'll start preparing," Bonnie said, glancing at her attire. She realized she had rushed to them without a thought for her appearance. She couldn't possibly meet Manfred like this.
"Go ahead," Crispin said with a smile. As they said, a daughter would eventually leave the nest. It was simply the natural order of things.
He looked at her, eager to see Manfred, almost as if she wanted to marry him tomorrow.
Vernon sighed with a trace of resignation in his eyes. "It's rare for Bonnie to like someone so much. Now that she's so deeply attached to Manfred, we must help her. As for Manfred, he doesn't seem the type to judge by appearances, but I can't be sure if he feels the same." 
"That's easy to find out. After we meet him today, I'll ask him directly if he likes her." Crispin's experience told him that a man in love couldn't hide his true feelings.
"Good idea."
...
Vivian had gone to bed early the previous night, having spent the afternoon discussing negative items with Alger. Their exchange of knowledge had been so engaging that, in no time, the young woman and the elderly man had become good friends. 
By the time Alger left, he had taken to calling her "Ms. Martin," a sign of the mutual respect blossoming between them. They were both pleased with the connection, though Manfred remained less than thrilled.
The next morning, as Vivian stepped outside, she spotted Manfred sitting in the courtyard, engrossed in a
book. Drawing closer, she saw it net
was a comprehensive guide to fortune-telling-one she had given him herself. 
Since such books weren't printed in this era, it was clearly a modern edition.
"How did you suddenly become interested in fortune-telling?" Vivian asked, curiosity lacing her voice.
###chapter1909
Manfred closed the book and glanced up at Vivian.
"I've had a bit of an interest in it before, but these past couple of days, I've wanted to understand it better," he said.
Vivian was somewhat surprised. "I didn't think you'd be into books like this. You really have a range of interests. But you don't have to keep reading-I can teach you."
Learning fortune-telling was always easier with a guide. Besides, Manfred was sharp. She knew he'd catch on quickly once she showed him the ropes.
A glint of mischief flickered in Manfred's eyes. "Can you teach me?"
"Of course! Anything I know that you want to learn, I can teach you. We'll learn from each other," Vivian said without hesitation.
Manfred had been restless since the day before. That morning, he'd even sent Kemp to Holland Residence with a message for Alger, telling him not to come. He didn't want Vivian's attention divided. But now, things felt different.
She was willing to share everything with him. This meant that, in her eyes, he was the most important person. He didn't care about Alger, that old man. The farther he stayed away, the better.
"Learning from each other? Alright, let's do that."
Meanwhile, at Holland Residence, Alger had been up since dawn, restless. He planned to have breakfast and then head to the Atkinson residence.
However, when Kemp arrived with the news that Manfred and Vivian had other matters to attend to and couldn't meet with him that day, Alger immediately felt a wave of disappointment settle over him like a heavy coat.
At his age, he could easily tell what was going on.
Without wasting time, he went straight to see Glen.
"Is your grandson always this overbearing? wanted to visit my mentor to learn something new, and he blocked me at every turn. Who does he think he's guarding against? If I were 50 years younger, I'd go and take her myself!" Alger huffed, his face flushed with frustration.
Confused, Glen asked, "What's gotten into you this morning? Manfred's at his own house. What did he even do to you? Also, who's this mentor you're talking about? Who could possibly be your mentor?"
Alger puffed out his cheeks. His frustration was evident as he tugged at his mustache. He then went on to explain the whole situation in a fit of anger.
"Don't you think Manfred is being unreasonable?" Alger grumbled.
But Glen wasn't focused on that. "So, you're saying this young lady knows more than you? That capable, huh? And if that's the case, it seems like Manfred doesn't just like anyone. It's not just her beauty that attracts him." him." 
"Glen!"
"Did you eat something that upset your stomach this morning? Didn't you tell me that we should practice patience and self-control as we get older?" Glen shot back, unimpressed by Alger's temper.
Alger fumed. "If it weren't for Ms. Martin's sake, I would leave Vlario this instant!"
But Glen paid no mind to Alger's outburst. Instead, his mind was filled with the idea of Manfred and Vivian together. He wondered if these two could truly end up together.
He couldn't bear to see Manfred spend his life alone.
Meanwhile, Manfred was with
Vivian, learning the art of
fortune-telling. Although he
particularly interested in
fortune-telling, he paid close
attention to every word Vivian said,
already thinking of new ways to
apply what she taught.
###chapter1910
Vivian showered Manfred with praise, her words flowing without hesitation. "You're incredible, Manfred. When I first read this book, I lacked the patience to grasp it fully. I mostly relied on intuition. But you after just one explanation, you understood it perfectly. You're the most talented person I've ever met."
Flattered by the praise, Manfred couldn't help but feel a bit proud, though he humbly replied, "I'm not as exceptional as you say."
"If I say you're amazing, then you are!" Vivian replied, her tone sincere. She wasn't trying to flatter him; she genuinely recognized his talent.
Manfred chuckled softly. "Alright, if you insist, I must be."
He had been staying up late for several nights, determined to finish the book. Deep down, he thought her praise might just be the motivation he needed to push even harder.
Outside the study, Kemp stood guard, overhearing Manfred's self-talk and occasional laughter. He kept a straight face, unfazed by the peculiar sounds.
Alger had once said that the woman around Manfred wasn't just ordinary; she possessed knowledge vast enough to be considered celestial beings, capable of teaching even him.
Anyone who could mentor Alger was extraordinary. Yet, it was clear that no one held Manfred's attention quite like Vivian. Even Glen, despite his seniority, never received such patience and care.
Just then, a doorman approached Kemp with a message. "Mr. Schwartz, Mr. Crispin, Mr. Vernon, and Princess Bonnie have arrived. They wish to meet Mr. Atkinson. Is he available to meet with them?"
"Mr. Crispin? Please wait a moment. I'll check with Mr. Atkinson," Kemp replied.
Had it been anyone else, Kemp would have dismissed them outright, especially after visiting Holland Residence that morning to ask Alger not to come. But Crispin's involvement warranted confirmation.
Kemp went to the study and called out to Manfred, "Mr. Atkinson, Mr. Crispin, Mr. Vernon, and Princess Bonnie are here. Do you wish to meet with them?"
Manfred's expression darkened slightly upon hearing his words. "Tell them I'm feeling unwell today. I'll meet with them another time."
Vivian was surprised. "You don't want to see Princess Bonnie?"
"I've never wanted to see her," Manfred replied seriously, his words measured and clear.
Had he not feared startling Vivian, he might have confessed he didn't want to meet anyone but her. Every moment with Vivian felt precious, and meeting others seemed like a needless distraction. 
Vivian nodded. "I'll continue then."
"Alright. After we finish these two pages, I'll take you to pick some fabric so the tailor can make the clothes. That way, when we leave Vlario in a few days, you'll have something new to wear," Manfred said gently. 
"Thanks, Manfred," Vivian replied.
Crispin, Vernon, and Bonnie were slightly surprised to learn that Manfred was unwell and couldn't meet with them today.
The doorman, quick-witted as always, had already prepared a story on his way back from delivering the news.
"Mr. Atkinson has been feeling ill since yesterday, but we don't know the cause. We offered to call physician, but he declined, insisting a couple of days' rest would suffice." 
Hearing this, the three exchanged meaningful looks, a silent understanding passing between them.
Once they were inside the carriage, they began sharing their thoughts.
Bonnie spoke up first. "Do you think it could be because of that copper mirror? I've been able to sleep soundly now, but maybe he was hurt while dealing with it."
Her heart ached at the thought of the sacrifices Manfred had made for her.
###chapter1911
Vernon agreed, "It seems that way. He probably doesn't want us to worry."
Crispin agreed as well. "Since he isn't feeling well and can't meet us today, let's head back for now. Next time, we can bring some yarrow to help with his recovery."
Bonnie lifted the carriage curtain, glancing back at the gates of the Atkinson residence as if one last look could bridge the distance to Manfred.
Crispin and Vernon exchanged a knowing glance. Vernon sighed and said, "It seems Manfred has feelings for you, Bonnie. Otherwise, he wouldn't go to such lengths for your sake."
"Vernon!" Bonnie quickly let the curtain drop, her face flushing red. She had
always struggled to hide her thoughts from Crispin and Vernon, and this was no exception. It was the first time she had ever been interested in a man. But being so openly teased by her brother left her feeling flustered.
Vernon chuckled. "Why are you so embarrassed in front of me and Dad? We've already talked about it. We'll take care of your marriage to Manfred. Dad plans to speak with Mr. Holland Senior about it in the next couple of days."
"Wouldn't us proposing the arrangement first offend Mr. Atkinson?" Bonnie asked, a hint of concern in her voice. Traditionally, it was the man's role to take the lead in such matters.
Crispin couldn't help but laugh. "I will simply chat with Mr. Holland Senior. Bringing up the marriage will just be a casual mention. Ultimately, the decision rests with Manfred. He'll still need to make the formal proposal."
"Alright, then I'll leave it to you, Dad," Bonnie replied, feeling reassured.
She trusted her father and brother completely. They were meticulous in their plans and would never do anything to jeopardize her happiness.
Two hours later, the fabric merchants and tailors arrived with an array of dazzling fabrics and designs. The intricate handiwork on the dresses they brought was stunning-true masterpieces of craftsmanship.
Vivian didn't hold back and began selecting right away. The embroidery was unlike anything she had seen in modern designs, each piece an exquisite work of art.
Vivian picked out a few fabrics and described the styles she liked to Manfred.
Then, she provided her measurements, knowing precision was key to a perfect fit.
As Manfred repeated her
measurements to the embroiderers,
the tips of his ears reddened
involuntarily. In his mind, he could already envision the contours of her figure. 
Before leaving, the embroiderer smiled and commented, "Judging by these measurements, the lady must have a graceful and enchanting silhouette."
The comment vividly evoked images in Manfred's mind of Vivian in those dresses breathtakingly elegant and stunningly beautiful.
"Will they be able to finish the dresses before we leave?" Vivian asked.
Manfred forced himself to focus. "Yes, they'll work overnight. The dresses will be ready the day after tomorrow."
"That's great!" Vivian's anticipation was evident.
Manfred said, "Let's prepare everything over the next two days. Once the dresses arrive, we'll leave Vlario."
Vivian nodded. "Alright, you make sure to get everything in order."
She didn't have much to prepare herself, but there was one thing...
"Before we leave, I need to see Mr. Marshman. There's something very important I need to ask him. I don't understand why he didn't come by today as he promised yesterday. It's so unlike him," she said, frowning. 
Manfred rubbed his nose, a flicker of guilt crossing his face. "Many people in Vlario are willing to pay
handsomely for his help. He's been swamped almost every day for the past couple of years. Perhaps today was just overwhelming for him. Tomorrow, I can take you to Holland Residence to see him." 
###chapter1912
Vivian agreed, "Alright."
The next morning, after breakfast, Manfred took Vivian to Holland Residence.
Glen had been informed ahead of time that Manfred would be bringing Vivian along. Though Glen knew little about her, Alger's glowing praises had left an impression. After all those compliments, Glen couldn't help but view her favorably.
Originally, Alger had scheduled a ceremonial ritual for a wealthy patron offering 5,000 dollars. But upon hearing Vivian would visit, he canceled it without hesitation. He'd been eagerly awaiting her, passing the time with a book in hand.
Glen watched Alger with mild amusement. Seeing him so absorbed brought a wave of nostalgia, a glimpse of decades past when they were just boys.
Back then, Alger was a small, curious child with an insatiable interest in metaphysics. Over time, Alger built a vast network of disciples, though none likely imagined their mentor would one day take on a mentor himself.
Of course, this wasn't the main point. The true significance was the special connection this mentor shared with Manfred, a fact that filled Glen with pride.
"Is this really necessary? Studying those books so intensely won't make much difference now," Glen remarked casually, his relaxed tone contrasting Alger's focused demeanor.
Without even looking up, Alger retorted, "You wouldn't understand. Your brain's never been sharp enough for this kind of thing. People who prefer swords and weapons can't appreciate the joys of reading."
"I've read plenty of books over the years," Glen grumbled, rolling his eyes. Reading had never been his forte; swords and weapons were more his style. But as the years passed, he had picked up a book or two.
Alger said, "What you read and what I read are completely different."
As the two exchanged barbs, Manfred arrived. Glen glanced around, eager to spot Vivian, but Alger noticed her first, his face lighting up. "Ms. Martin! I finally get to see you today!"
Manfred frowned slightly at Alger's familiar tone, an odd closeness that unsettled him. To shift the mood, he spoke up, "We have other matters to attend to. We won't be staying long."
Vivian got straight to the point. "Mr. Marshman, I have something to ask you."
"What would you like to know, Ms. Martin? I'll tell you everything I can." Though confident, there was a hint of tension in his demeanor. He couldn't afford to falter in front of her.
Meanwhile, Glen realized he was
being completely ignored. Even
more frustrating was the fact that he
could only hear Manfred and Alger. Vivian's words remained inaudible to him, leaving him completely in the dark. 
Thankfully, Manfred walked over to him.
"Grandpa," Manfred greeted politely.
Glen glanced at Alger, who was now engrossed in a lively discussion and leaned
in to whisper, "Manfred, tell me the truth. Do you like her?"
Manfred didn't bother denying it. "Yes."
Glen's expression turned thoughtful, and his brows furrowed as he mulled over the implications.
While they spoke, Alger learned that Vivian was searching for a specific copper mirror. Excitedly, he shared every piece of information he knew about rare and unusual copper mirrors he'd encountered. After all, the world was vast and filled with wonders. 
"Oh, that reminds me. I heard about a couple in Graystone who are also
searching for a copper mirror. They've been reaching out to people far and wide, looking for help.
"The back of the copper mirror
they're after is engraved with a dragon, and the body is inlaid with gemstones. I wonder if the one they're looking for is the same as yours." As he spoke, Alger suddenly remembered this detail. 
###chapter1913
Vivian's heart skipped a beat. She immediately asked, "A couple? Are they in Graystone? Mr. Marshman, do you know anything more about them?"
Her mind raced. She wondered if it was Joe and Skylar.
It had to be. There was no way it was just a coincidence.
For so long, she had been in the dark about the copper mirror her parents were desperately searching for. But Alger's description left no doubt it was the one with the dragon etched on the back.
Alger shook his head. "I don't know much. I only paid attention because it seemed so peculiar-why would anyone go to such great lengths to find a copper mirror?"
Seeing that Alger had no more information, Vivian decided not to press further. But in her heart, she was already convinced. Graystone...
Her parents were in Greystone.
Her eyes reddened as she turned to Manfred.
Noticing the shift in her expression, Manfred shot to his feet, his gaze sharp and accusing as it landed on Alger. "What did you say to her?"
He had been distracted, discussing their plans to leave Valrio with Glen, and hadn't been paying attention to the conversation between Alger and Vivian.
Alger was taken aback. "We were just talking about the copper mirror. What's wrong with you?"
"Mr. Marshman shared some very important news with me-something that makes me so happy, I can't describe it! Manfred, I'm just overjoyed."
The more she spoke, the redder her eyes grew. Tears began streaming down her face uncontrollably.
Manfred had never seen Vivian cry before. The sight was a vice around his heart. He rushed to her side. "Don't cry. Tell me what's wrong."
Even Alger panicked at the sight of her tears. He scratched his head nervously. "Did I say something wrong?"
Vivian reassured him while hastily wiping her tears. "No, you didn't say anything wrong. I'm just... I'm just so happy."
She turned to Manfred, forcing a smile through her tears. "I'm fine. Really, I'm crying tears of joy."
Manfred exhaled deeply, relief washing over him. "If that's the case, then I'm relieved."
Glen blinked and rubbed his eyes. He had taken a sip of lemon tea, and when he looked up again, he realized a young woman was standing near Manfred. His expression shifted to one of realization and excitement. 
"You're... You're Vivian Martin?" He stood up abruptly, his voice trembling with emotion as he stared at her.
"It's true... She really does look like a fairy," Glen thought to himself.
Vivian froze. "You... You can see me now?"
"Just now, I couldn't. But suddenly, I can! It just happened all at once," Glen replied, his excitement palpable.
No wonder Manfred looked at other women as though they were invisible. Compared to her, every other woman must have been utterly ordinary. This was the reason.
Vivian caught sight of her bracelet out of the corner of her eye. She remembered that a tear had fallen on it while she had been crying. Now, the bracelet looked more vibrant, and the colors were more vivid and alive. 
She had suspected this might happen, that one day, others would see her too. But she hadn't expected that what it needed was her tears.
"Ms. Martin, your bracelet..." Alger's voice broke through her thoughts as his eyes settled on her wrist.
Glen followed Alger's gaze and squinted. "That bracelet..."
Vivian smiled faintly and explained, "Manfred gave it to me. Actually, in my time, I had a bracelet just like this. But when I arrived here, Manfred gave me another one."
Glen exclaimed in amazement, "No wonder it looked so familiar. That bracelet originally belonged to Manfred's grandmother-it was part of her wedding gift. Later, it became his mother's. It's no coincidence-it's fate that brought you here." 
Just yesterday, Alger had shared his belief that Vivian's presence in Manfred's life
was due to a destined connection. Glen had been skeptical, but now he fully believed it.
###chapter1914
Alger exhaled softly, his voice tinged with wonder. "Fate truly works in the most intricate ways."
The moment hung briefly before the sound of footsteps disrupted it, sharp and deliberate.
A curt question followed, laced with hostility. "Who are you?"
It was clear the question was directed at Vivian.
Thankfully, Vivian wasn't wearing her usual clothes today. She had opted for one of the outfits Manfred had prepared for her.
With her current appearance, Vivian remained composed even as others saw her. She turned her gaze toward Geneva, who had stormed in with an air of hostility.
Before Vivian could say anything, Manfred's cold voice cut through the tension. "Who she is doesn't concern you."
Glen frowned and looked at Geneva. "What are you doing here?"
"Grandpa, it's been days since I last saw you. I thought I'd come by to visit. I wasn't expecting to see Manfred here as well." Geneva's voice took on a soft, syrupy tone as she explained.
Despite her saccharine tone, her eyes never left Vivian. She had never seen such a stunning woman in Vlario before. But what truly unsettled her was Manfred. He seemed unusually protective of this stranger.
Though Manfred rarely visited Holland Residence in the past two years, Geneva always made a point to see him when he did. Yet every time, he treated her with cold indifference.
Sensing the tension, Glen decided it was best to keep Vivian's identity a secret. The fewer people who knew, the better.
"Geneva, I have matters to attend to here. You can visit another day," Glen said firmly, clearly dismissing her.
Vivian smiled politely at Geneva but said nothing.
Geneva bit her lip in frustration before turning her sharp gaze to Manfred. "Manfred, aren't you going to introduce her? I've never seen her before. Is she your maid?"
Geneva's words were deliberately meant to demean Vivian. She couldn't stand the thought of another woman outshining her, let alone gaining Manfred's favor.
Manfred's expression turned frigid. "I already said that who she is has nothing to do with you, and she is no one's maid."
Hearing the word "maid", Alger frowned as well. "She is my friend."
Vivian didn't mind Geneva's hostility. She could feel the animosity-the way Geneva had looked at her was one of rivalry.
It was clear-Geneva had feelings for Manfred. That was why she saw Vivian as a threat.
But as for her and Manfred...
She paused, her thoughts straying to the reason she was here in the first place. The weight of her true purpose in this world suddenly felt heavier, leaving her with a peculiar ache she couldn't quite explain. 
Meanwhile, Geneva didn't expect even Alger to defend the unknown woman. She felt a bit humiliated and realized she couldn't stay any longer. "Ah, s she's your friend, Mr. Marshman Senior. I was being rude. My apologies." 
ve
Turning to Glen, she added, "Grandpa, I'll take my leave now."
"Alright," Glen replied with a nod. He didn't bother hiding the truth from himself
anymore Manfred's focus was solely on Vivian.
Geneva was undeniably talented and admired by many in Vlario's elite circles, but
Manfred had never shown the slightest interest.
After Geneva left, Glen spoke again, his tone contemplative. "Now that everyone can see Vivian, it's
important to address her public
identity. If she's going to accompany
you, Manfred, she must have an
appropriate status. Otherwise, there will be unnecessary trouble."
Though they already lived under the same roof, the situation had changed now
that Vivian was visible to others. Her reputation couldn't be compromised.
###chapter1915
Alger said, "This is simple. Just tell everyone that Vivian is my mentee, and I will move in with them today."
"Mentee?" Both Glen and Manfred echoed in unison.
Vivian's eyes lit up. "That works perfectly. Mr. Marshman is a wanderer, a man of the world, and people from the world don't care much for formalities. This identity would be perfect."
However, Manfred frowned. "I'll be leaving Vlario in two days on business, and Vivian will be accompanying me. It would be inconvenient for Mr. Marshman Senior to be following us around," Manfred said, not wanting Alger to be in the
way.
"You're right. It might be a bit inconvenient." Alger, with his keen insight, immediately understood that Manfred didn't want him around, and he inwardly rolled his eyes.
However, he had no intention of interfering with their time together. Although Alger had many questions he wanted to ask Vivian, he decided to take his time. There would be plenty of days ahead to ask her all he needed to know.
Glen's eyes gleamed with a sudden idea. "If you want Vivian to go out with you in a proper manner, having Alger's mentee as her identity works well. It gives her status and commands respect. But she still needs another title. How about... we publicly say that she is your betrothed fiancée from childhood?"
Glen thought to himself, "Manfred, as your grandfather, this is the least I could do for you."
Vivian froze. Manfred was also taken aback, his eyes briefly flashing with excitement.
"Fiancée? That might affect your marriage prospects. You might..." Vivian hesitated, worried she might delay Manfred's plan for marriage.
Manfred's lips pressed together as he thought for a moment.
However, Glen reassured them both. "It won't affect anything. Manfred isn't betrothed yet. Let's just go with this."
He gave Alger a look, and Alger immediately understood. "Yes, it won't affect anything."
"Then it's settled," Manfred said, his gaze fixed on Vivian. He realized it was time to carefully plan how to express his feelings without startling her.
Vivian saw the determination in Manfred's eyes and finally agreed. "Alright."
"This is the insignia of our sect. In fact, our sect only has me now, and I haven't taken in any disciples over the years. With the identity I've arranged for you, as long as I say you are my mentee, no one will question it. Keep this insignia, and you can use it for whatever you need," Alger said, handing over an emerald-carved insignia. 
The insignia was old-fashioned, with a noticeable weight in her hand. The carving
on it was intricate and rare, making it unique.
Vivian thanked him before carefully tucking the insignia away. She then continued talking with Alger, who had many questions, but they all centered around negative items. Vivian patiently answered each one. 
Meanwhile, Manfred and Glen were talking in hushed tones.
"I can tell what you're thinking. After all, you are my most beloved
grandson. I support whatever
decision you make, but I noticed that
Vivian doesn't seem to have
romantic feelings for you yet.
"You'll need to work harder, though. Strive to keep her by your side and have her accompany you for the rest of your life," Glen said, his words calculated.
Manfred's expression remained neutral, his thoughts impossible to read. "I respect her decisions."
If Vivian didn't want to stay, he would never force her. She had her family and a brilliant life waiting for her in her own world.
Simply meeting her in this life was enough for him. Life was long, and he hoped that, in Vivian's heart, his presence would be a pleasant memory-unmarked by regret.
###chapter1916
However, deep down, Manfred couldn't help but wish that Vivian would stay. In his life, there was nothing he truly desired except her-he only wanted her.
Upon hearing his words, Glen finally understood. Despite being so skilled and ruthless in business, Manfred was a hopeless romantic in matters of the heart. It was hard to comprehend how someone so adept in strategy and so ruthless in business could be so vulnerable in love.
It baffled Glen, leaving him grappling with the contradiction.
Two hours later, after Vivian and Manfred left, Geneva returned to see Glen.
"Grandpa, didn't you say you wanted me to marry Manfred? Then who was that woman with him today? Why does everyone seem to be protecting her?" Geneva asked, the question circling her mind for the past two hours.
Glen sighed deeply. "As for your marriage, I will leave it to your parents to decide. It was my mistake to get involved earlier."
Geneva's expression shifted. "Grandpa, why? What happened?"
"The woman with Manfred today is his fiancée. I didn't know before, but his mother arranged it before her passing. That woman is also Alger's mentee," Glen explained.
In the past, many had tried to associate with Alger, only to be swiftly dismissed. Alger detested people using his name. Yet now, he had openly acknowledged a female mentee an unprecedented move.
Geneva was shocked. "Fiancée? How could she be his fiancée? I've never heard of this before! Grandpa, she could be a fraud!"
She couldn't understand it at all. If this engagement had been arranged long ago, there was no way Glen could have been unaware of it.
sl.ne
Glen's patience was running thin. "How could Alger's mentee be a fraud? As for Manfred's matters, you should not inquire further. He dislikes others prying into his affairs. Moreover, Manfred is quite content with this engagement." 
"Content..." Geneva's face clouded with confusion.
Manfred had always been distant, indifferent toward women. How could he possibly be satisfied with a woman he'd been betrothed to since childhood? Even if she was
verince
extraordinarily beautiful, she was no
match for Geneva. 
Glen saw the sadness in her eyes and realized his mistake. He never should have entertained the thought of matchmaking her with Manfred.
With a heavy sigh, he spoke gently, "Manfred isn't the right match. If his heart
belongs to someone else, you must let go. Stop thinking about him."
Geneva bit her lip, hastily agreeing before leaving the room, her face pale with heartbreak.
After she left, Glen let out another sigh. "I used to wish Manfred was a charming playboy, someone who could be with many women, with at
least eight or ten women in
life.
But alas, he's destined to remain alone. Maybe in this life, he'll remain alone. I only hope that this woman can change his fate." 
When Manfred returned to the Atkinson residence with Vivian, everyone was shocked. If it weren't for his strict demeanor, the maids in the mansion would have surely dropped their jaws in shock.
It was unbelievable.
Manfred had a financée
Moreover, his fiancée was an exquisite beauty, almost like a fairy descending from the heavens. Not only that, but she also held a noble status as Alger's mentee.
Yet, what truly astonished everyone wasn't her beauty or status. It was Manfred's demeanor—the tenderness in his gaze, the quiet attentiveness in his gestures.
###chapter1917
Manfred's care and attention to Vivian were almost to the point of being obsessive.
He personally handpicked the maid who would attend to her, setting impossibly high standards. Every rule and every requirement was strictly laid out, and once the maid was chosen, Manfred introduced new protocols for Vivian's care.
He specified the exact water temperature for her nightly bath and even instructed her on which flower petals to use.
He had also arranged for various women's accessories to be delivered from the jewelry store.
Frankly, this was something the maid would never have dared imagine before.
Kemp, who knew some of the details, seized the opportunity to ask Vivian quietly when no one was around. "Ms. Martin, are you the person we couldn't see earlier? The one... the one Mr. Atkinson kept speaking to while we all thought he was just talking to himself?"
Kemp stumbled over his words.
Vivian smiled and nodded, understanding immediately. "Yes, it was me."
Kemp's face instantly filled with respect. It was clear that Manfred wasn't just suffering from some mental illness. And those who had speculated that he didn't like women and might prefer men could finally keep quiet.
Now that they saw the woman Manfred cared for, she was clearly one of a kind. Moreover, Vivian was incredibly kind. Despite his unclear question, she patiently answered him.
Kemp suddenly understood where Manfred's feelings for Vivian came from. No one could replace her. No wonder Manfred had no interest in Bonnie.
Now, Manfred could openly prepare everything for Vivian.
Facing everyone's curiosity, Vivian answered all their questions patiently.
To be honest, now that everyone could see her and she was Manfred's fiancée, it almost made her feel... somewhat pleased.
Perhaps it would help her find her parents one day.
Or maybe...
A fleeting thought crossed her mind, but she quickly dismissed it.
"What are you thinking about?" Manfred entered the room, noticing the distant look in her eyes.
Vivian snapped back to reality and smiled. "I was thinking about what Mr. Marshman said earlier. He mentioned that a couple in Graystone are also looking for the copper mirror. I believe they might be my parents." 
"We're heading to Hubril, which is far from Graystone. However, things are handled quickly there, and it won't take more than a few days. Once we're done, we can go straight to Graystone. Meeting them in person is the only way to confirm if they're the ones you're looking for," Manfred said gently. 
Vivian nodded. "Okay."
The next day, at Nash Residence, Crispin was about to set out with his entourage to visit Glen, but before he could leave, he received unexpected news-news that caught him off guard. 
"How could this happen?"
Before he could fully process the information, Bonnie rushed in. Her face was
pale, and she seemed anxious.
###chapter1918
Bonnie began, "Dad..."
Upon seeing Bonnie, Crispin immediately knew that she had heard the news as well. His expression grew concerned. "I've sent someone to inquire further, to confirm if someone has been spreading rumors. I've never heard of Glen or Manfred mentioning a fiancée before. Why is this fiancée suddenly appearing?"
"I agree. The news might not be reliable, but... I can't help but feel uneasy. If these rumors are spreading, there must be some truth to it."
Bonnie was deeply shaken. She never imagined that Manfred would have a fiancée. She had been plannin her future with him just days before.
Crispin furrowed his brow. "It doesn't seem like a baseless rumor. I also heard that his fiancée is Mr. Marshman Senior's mentee, not someone to be taken lightly."
"Mr. Marshman Senior's mentee..." Bonnie bit her lip. She couldn't fathom the idea of Manfred being emotionally attached to someone else. But it was just a fiancée-could it mean that Manfred truly cared for her?
"Here's the plan. I'll visit Glen and inquire about the details. Then, I'll send Vernon to visit Manfred. Only by seeing it for ourselves will we know the truth." Crispin quickly made a decision.
Bonnie immediately responded, "I'll go with Vernon to the Atkinson residence."
Crispin shook his head with a frown. "No, you stay here. Vernon will go alone. He can use his official capacity as an excuse."
Bonnie felt a pang of disappointment, but she had no choice.
After waiting for about four hours, Crispin returned from his meeting with Glen, looking clearly frustrated.
Bonnie had been waiting anxiously by the door. She rushed over to him as soon as she saw him. "Dad, what did Mr. Holland Senior say?"
Crispin frowned deeply, glancing around before speaking. "Has Vernon returned yet?"
"No, he hasn't," Bonnie replied.
Crispin sighed. "The rumors are true. Manfred does indeed have a fiancée, and her background matches the rumors. According to Glen, Manfred is very happy with the match, and he said the two are emotionally compatible. Bonnie, it seems like you and Manfred have no future together."
Bonnie staggered backward, her face draining of color. "Emotionally compatible? Does that mean he likes her? But... But how come I've never heard of this before?" 
"Glen didn't know either. It was a betrothal arranged by Manfred's tate mother Now, it all makes sense The reason he rejected so many suitors in the past was because of this engagement. You..." 
Crispin sighed, "It's not too late to accept this reality."
Crispin couldn't help but feel a deep
sense of regret. He had truly seen
Manfred
but
as a potential son-in-law,
they were not meant
to be. 
Bonnie was lost in despair when Vernon returned, his expression equally grim.
With tears brimming in her eyes, Bonnie rushed to him. "Vernon, did you see her? The woman he's engaged to?"
Vernon sighed heavily before nodding. "I saw her from a distance. That woman... She's indeed a beauty beyond compare."
He wanted to say more, that after witnessing how Manfred looked at the woman, it was clear that Manfred held no romantic feelings for Bonnie.
Bonnie's face paled even further. "So... is Manfred happy with this marriage? Was he forced into it?"
The words slipped out with a faint trace of hope.
She would find a way to help Manfred break off the engagement if it was forced.
Vernon felt a pang of sympathy, but after exchanging a glance with Crispin, he knew he couldn't let Bonnie fall deeper into this.
He sighed and spoke honestly, "He is very pleased with her, and I've never seen him look at any woman as gently as he did with her."
Bonnie's heart dropped, her vision blurring. "How could this happen?"
Crispin let out a long sigh, a tinge of melancholy in his voice. "You two just weren't meant to be."
A man like Manfred was rare to find in all of Vlario.
###chapter1919
News of Manfred's engagement spread swiftly, leaving many women who had hoped to connect with him in shock. Their curiosity about his fiancée grew, fueled by rumors claiming she was exceptionally beautiful and a mentee of Alger. That alone was enough to ignite widespread intrigue.
Vivian, however, remained oblivious to these whispers. She only noticed the sudden surge of people eager to meet Manfred.
Naturally aloof, Manfred rarely entertained visitors unless absolutely necessary, turning away anyone attempting to approach under false pretenses.
With Joe and Skylar in Graystone, Vivian felt no urgency to seek them out or retrieve the copper mirror. After another day at the Atkinson residence, she and Manfred set out for Hubril, planning to stop at inns along the way.
Once they left Vlario, Vivian grew restless in the carriage. The road, though paved, was far from smooth, nothing like the comfort of modern highways.
Fortunately, Manfred had anticipated this and thoughtfully provided cushions, making the ride a little more comfortable. Vivian occasionally lifted the carriage curtains to look outside.
Before long, the landscape around them was filled with mountains and forests. The trip to Hubril would take around three days, with a few small towns along the way. They planned to rest in an inn, depending on the time.
"If you're uncomfortable, we can stop for a while," Manfred said, noticing Vivian shifting in her seat, clearly not at ease.
Though he had made preparations, they weren't quite enough.
Vivian shook her head. "I'm fine. It's just a little uncomfortable at first, but I'll get used to it. The scenery is beautiful, and the mountain air is fresh."
Manfred smiled warmly, his expression slightly indulgent. "I'll have them slow down."
There was no need to hurry. Since she enjoyed the view, he would enjoy it with her.
"Will this delay our arrival in Hubril?" Vivian asked.
Manfred chuckled. "A day or two doesn't matter."
After two hours, Vivian adjusted to the carriage's rhythm. The bumps felt less jarring, and drowsiness creptin. Before she knew it, she had fallen asleep. 
She felt someone drape a light blanket over her in a half-awake state.
Manfred's gaze softened with affection as he looked at Vivian. Her breathing was barely noticeable, and the long, curled lashes under her eyes cast delicate shadows. Her skin was fair, and her lips were naturally tinted red. 
She was captivating, and the longer he looked, the harder it was to turn away.
As dusk settled, they entered a small town with only two inns. Kemp had already scouted them, choosing the better one. The carriage stopped, but Manfred lingered, still watching Vivian. 
She had been asleep for nearly four hours, undisturbed even by the halt. His eyes flickered with concern as he gently called, "Vivian, we've arrived."
But Vivian didn't respond.
Concerned, he moved to check her pulse, but just as he was about to touch her wrist, Vivian suddenly opened her eyes.
Seeing Manfred's face so close to hers, she froze, her mind momentarily blank. Their eyes met, and for a heartbeat, both were equally stunned.
###chapter1920
Vivian felt her heart racing a little. "Um... did I sleep for a long time?"
The dim light inside the carriage hinted at dusk. As their eyes met, the silence between them grew heavy, as if they could hear each other's heartbeat.
The fading light masked the flicker of greed and desire in Manfred's gaze. His voice came out low and slightly hoarse. "You slept for about four hours. I even thought you might be unwell."
"Four hours? I'm fine. I just feel a bit groggy and weak." Vivian sat up. She could feel her body wasn't quite back to its full strength yet. It was likely the lingering effects of the fever she'd had before seeking out Manfred, but she brushed the thought aside.
"Now that we're at the inn, how about we get off the carriage and rest for a bit? Are you hungry?" Manfred asked softly.
Vivian shook her head. "Not really. Let's just get off."
Maybe it was because she had just woken up, so she didn't feel hungry.
Though she wasn't hungry, his question reminded her that she'd only had breakfast, skipping lunch due to her nap. Despite this, she felt no appetite.
Stepping down from the carriage, they immediately entered the inn. Inside, Manfred requested dinner from the innkeeper.
The meal was basic, reflecting the town's size and the inn's simple setup. Run by an elderly couple, the inn lacked a dedicated chef or waitstaff, offering only a modest three dishes and a soup.
Although the dishes looked simple, they were fragrant and appetizing. "When we get to Hubril in a couple of days, I'll take you to Parlay Restaurant. It's the best place in Hubril, and the food there is exceptional. You'll love it," Manfred said, noticing that Vivian seemed lost in thought as she looked at the homey, simple dishes.
He assumed she didn't particularly enjoy them.
Vivian's eyes lit up. "Parlay Restaurant? I think I've heard your people mention it before."
"Yes, they were talking about the same place." Manfred nodded.
Vivian felt excited. She didn't know why, but today she hadn't felt hungry. Still, not wanting Manfred to worry, she ate a little and had soup.
After dinner, Vivian felt sleepy again and returned to her room to rest.
Feeling uneasy, Manfred knocked on the door before entering.
Vivian struggled to open his eyes, her voice barely above a murmur. "Manfred?"
"Yes, it's me," Manfred replied softly,
moving
me
closer to her bedside.'
might be unwell."
check your pulse. I think y
From the afternoon onward, Vivian had been listless, her energy waring as she drifted in and out of sleep. After napping all afternoon and having dinner, it didn't make sense for her to feel this exhausted.
To Manfred, it seemed like an illness was the only explanation. Vivian murmured a
faint agreement.
Manfred immediately began checking her pulse. Within
moments, she had already drift
back into a peaceful sleep, hote
breathing steady. fo 
When he released her hand, his brow furrowed in confusion. "Her pulse is steady -she's not sick," he murmured to himself.
But even with that reassurance, unease gnawed at him.
He looked again at the peacefully sleeping Vivian. Unable to bring himself to wake her, he murmured, "You can't get sick."
He would rather take her place, bearing any sickness or pain himself, than watch her suffer.
Perhaps... he couldn't calm down because he feared she would vanish and leave him again.
That must be it.
...
The next morning, Vivian awoke to an intense heat radiating from the bracelet on her wrist.
###chapter1921
The heat seared against Vivian's wrist like a scorching iron.
She jolted awake from a dream in which she had been reunited with Joe and Skylar, the sharp pain cutting through the fleeting bliss. But the moment her eyes snapped open, the bracelet returned to its usual inert state.
It was baffling. She couldn't make sense of it no matter how hard she tried. Eventually, she decided to push her thoughts aside.
Stepping out of the room, she spotted Kemp waiting nearby.
Upon seeing her, Kemp immediately approached. "Ms. Martin, Mr. Atkinson is downstairs. He's waiting for breakfast and has had the innkeeper prepare your favorite sandwiches."
He was surprised by Manfred's thoughtfulness. Whenever it came to her, his attentiveness was almost unmatched.
The mention of sandwiches lifted her spirits. Hunger stirred, urging her downstairs.
Manfred noticed her approach, his concern visibly easing when he saw her looking lively. "The innkeeper says breakfast will be ready in about 15 minutes. You're awake just in time to enjoy freshly made sandwiches."
"I can already smell how delicious they will be," Vivian replied as her stomach growled audibly.
She hadn't eaten much the day before, lost in sleep and drowsiness. Now, hunger gnawed at her with renewed vigor.
As the savory aroma of fresh sandwiches filled the room, her thoughts drifted to Edgar and Janine. Their cooking had always been exceptional, effortlessly crafting meals she loved. Memories of her modern-day family, her uncles, and Natalie surfaced unbidden.
Manfred watched her eat, assuming her quiet focus was due to sheer hunger. But beneath her calm exterior, Vivian wrestled with lingering emotions. She quickly adjusted, masking her thoughts. After eating enough to feel satisfied, she looked up. "After breakfast, we're hitting the road again, right?" 
"Yes. If all goes well, we should reach Hubril by tomorrow afternoon."
Manfred hadn't planned on rushing. He had hoped to show her around the town, certain she'd find it
intriguing. But urgent news frommet
Hubri had changed their plans. Time was now a luxury they couldn't afford. 
Vivian said, "Alright, then let's ask the innkeeper to pack a few sandwiches for us. We can eat them if we get hungry on the road."
Oddly, after just one sandwich, Vivian felt slightly nauseous. Perhaps it was from eating too quickly on an empty stomach or maybe the onset of a cold.
Manfred immediately instructed someone nearby to fetch the innkeeper. About 15 minutes later, they were back in the carriage.
Once inside the carriage, Vivian continued to gaze at the passing scenery. When she felt tired, she switched to reading a book.
The two of them chatted about
various topics, and she hadn't forgotten to teach Manfred some knowledge about negative items and fortune-telling. Time passed quickly, and before they knew it, evening arrived. 
They stayed at an inn that night. Vivian felt better, though her appetite remained faint. She hadn't slept during the ride, but she dismissed her lack of hunger as nothing unusual.
Manfred, unconvinced, checked her pulse again that evening. His diagnosis was reassuring-Vivian was fine. Only then did he relax.
By the next afternoon, they had successfully arrived in Hubril.
###chapter1922
After a few days of traveling, they finally reached Hubril. Hubril was much larger than the small towns they had passed through, and though it wasn't as grand as Vlario, it was still a bustling city.
Upon arrival, they stayed at the local magistrate's residence. However, as soon as they arrived, the magistrate called Manfred away to handle some official business.
Vivian stayed behind to rest. Exhaustion washed over her the moment she lay down, and she quickly drifted into a deep, dream-filled sleep.
She wandered through clouds and mist in her dream until the haze parted to reveal Joe and Skylar. They were dressed in period attire, mingling with a lively crowd, perhaps at a festival or marketplace.
Vendors shouted, hawking their wares as Vivian drew closer, her heart racing. She overheard her parents speaking.
"I've had this feeling for days," Skylar said, her face shadowed with worry. "I think Vivian is here too. Maybe she's come looking for us."
"How could she have come here?" Joe replied, his brow furrowed in confusion.
Afraid they might be distressed, Vivian rushed toward them, her voice trembling with urgency. "Mom, Dad, I did come to find you. Don't worry, I'll be in Graystone soon, and we'll be together again. I'll take you home. Grandma and the others can't wait to see you. I miss you both so much."
She wanted to hug them and tell them everything she had missed over the past two years.
Suddenly, Skylar stopped in her tracks. She turned around, glancing over her shoulder, her gaze searching.
Joe followed her lead, halting as well. "What's wrong?"
"I think I just heard Vivian's voice," Skylar said.
Joe smiled warmly. "Missing Vivian, huh?"
Through the years, they had leaned on each other, weathering hardships in a foreign, unforgiving world. They had risen from nothing, carving out a life through sacrifice and resilience. Yet comfort never filled the space their daughter left behind. 
"If Vivian is here, I'm worried about how she'll manage on her own." Skylar sighed
deeply, her voice filled with concern. She had always trusted her instincts.
Skylar's instincts had always been sharp. She remembered the day it all began a sudden dizziness while hiking, an image of an ancient street flashing before her eyes, and then finding herself here with Joe Now, that same sense gripped her, whispering that Vivian had arrived. 
She was worried. This world was harsh, especially for a young woman. The dangers were unlike anything in their time when laws provided protection.
But Vivian was strong and resourceful. She always found a way.
3
In the dream, Vivian reached out again, her fingers brushing only air. "Mom, don't worry about me! I'm fine. I've met Manfred, and he's taking good care of me. I'll find you soon. Please, just look after yourselves." 
Even though she knew they couldn't hear her, she couldn't stop herself. She missed them so much. "Dad... Mom..."
Just then, a familiar voice broke through her thoughts, gently calling out, "Vivian? Vivian? Don't be afraid. I'm right here. No matter what danger you face, I'll be by your side, protecting you. Trust me."
###chapter1923
The voice was firm and reassuring, growing clearer by the second. Vivian slowly opened her eyes, the tears on her lashes slipping down as she blinked to clear her vision.
Manfred's face came into focus. "Manfred..."
Concern filled his eyes, though his voice remained soft and soothing. "Did you have a nightmare?"
He had been there for a while, knocking without a response. Fearing she had left again, he entered and found her asleep, murmuring her parents' names.
She must have been missing them.
Gently, he comforted her until she finally stirred from her sorrowful dream.
Vivian, usually full of life around him, always laughing and unburdened, seemed fragile now. She was the type to smile through any storm, making it hard for him to see her sadness, even in sleep.
"I dreamed of Mom and Dad again, but no matter how much I tried to talk to them, they couldn't hear me." Vivian sat up, still feeling down. She really wished Skylar and Joe knew that she was okay.
She wanted to tell them she could find them and return to the modern world. Despite others' doubts, she never stopped believing they were alive.
Manfred gently patted her head. "We'll leave for Graystone the day after tomorrow. Once we're there, you'll be able to find them. You'll be able to tell them everything."
Vivian's mood brightened. "We can go to Graystone the day after tomorrow?" "Yes, the day after tomorrow," Manfred replied, handing her a small red fruit.
Vivian had never seen it before. "What's this fruit?"
"It's a wild fruit from the mountain, only found near Hubril. It's in season now, and it has a sweet taste with no bitterness," Manfred explained, holding another in his hand.
On the way back earlier, Manfred noticed a street vendor selling wild fruit, but unfortunately, only two were left.
He had been to Hubril a year ago and had tried a few of them. They were quite tasty.
He wondered if Vivian had ever tried them, considering her world had all kinds of strange and exotic things.
Vivian's face lit up with curiosity. "I'll try one."
She bit into the fruit, and the sweet fragrance filled her mouth. It
truly the taste of fresh fruit. It had a slight apple flavor with a hint of strawberry. 
The taste was delicious. She hadn't had much of an appetite today, but after taking a few bites, she
avel
suddenly felt hungry. "It's so good, so sweet." 
Manfred chuckled. "Is one enough? Here, take this one too."
Vivian shook her head, declining. "One is enough for me."
As she spoke, she looked out the window. The sky had darkened, and it seemed like the sun was about to set, She wondered if she had been asleep for nearly two hours. 
Manfred asked, "Do you feel like eating anything else now?"
Vivian nodded. "I'm a bit hungry."
Manfred smiled warmly. "Let's go. I'll take you to Parlay Restaurant."
Vivian remembered Parlay Restaurant, and her eyes lit up. "Yes, let's go!"
Parlay Restaurant bustled with life despite the night's deepening darkness. Crowds filled the space, with even more waiting outside.
Fortunately, Manfred had already made a reservation, so they headed straight to a private room on the third floor.
###chapter1924
Manfred and Vivian had barely settled into their seats when lemon tea and an assortment of appetizers arrived at the table. Unsure of Parlay Restaurant's specialties, Vivian watched as Manfred, clearly familiar with the menu, placed their order with ease.
The dish names were elegant, almost cryptic, leaving little clue about what would actually appear on the plates.
Curious, Vivian pushed open the window beside her. The street outside still held a few lingering passersby despite the late hour, and several carriages were parked near the restaurant.
"The owner of Parlay Restaurant really knows how to run a business," Vivian remarked, taking in the opulent surroundings.
The restaurant spanned nearly half the street, standing without competition nearby. Inside, luxury draped every detail ornate furnishings, rich fabrics, and waitstaff chosen not just for their efficiency but for their youthful charm. Live musicians played gentle melodies, making each meal an experience rather than just a routine.
Manfred said, "You're right. Parlay Restaurant is like this every day. From the moment they open at noon until late into the night, there's never an empty seat."
As they spoke, servers arrived with their dishes, each plate more exquisite than the last. The aromas alone hinted at the culinary mastery behind each creation. Vivian inhaled deeply, her anticipation growing. "It smells so good."
Manfred smiled. "Try it. See if the taste matches the scent."
Vivian eagerly took a bite, and from that moment, she couldn't stop. "It's delicious!"
No wonder Manfred had said Parlay Restaurant was world-famous. Every dish was a masterpiece. Even though she had tried countless cuisines from all over, she was genuinely amazed by how good the food was here.
However, midway through the meal, an unsettling discomfort gripped her stomach.
"Manfred, I... I need to use the restroom," Vivian said. Though embarrassed to bring it up during a meal, the ache was too sharp to ignore.
Manfred immediately set down his utensils; concern etched into his features as he helped her stand. "How could you suddenly feel this way?"
"I'm not sure. Maybe it was from eating the cold sandwiches on the road earlier." Vivian shook her head.
But the pain intensified quickly, beads of sweat forming along her forehead, trailing down her spine.
Sting on it, she'd only eaten a
bites of those sandwiches. 
Manfred didn't hesitate. He checked her pulse, and his expression darkened as he assessed her condition. "Vivian, are you feeling any other discomfort?" 
Vivian weakly shook her head. "No, just my stomach hurts. Don't worry about me."
But just as she finished speaking, she lost consciousness.
Manfred's face turned ashen as he watched her collapse in his arms. "Vivian!"
lap.
At Galaxy Villa, Harvey had been sitting on the couch with his laptop open on his
He rubbed his neck, stiff from hours of work. Glancing at the clock, he realized it was already 3:00 am.
With a sigh, he closed the laptop, satisfied that he had finally cleared the backlog of tasks from the past few days. Hunger gnawed at him, and he considered raiding the kitchen to see what he could find. 
But another thought crossed his mind—Vivian should have been back by now. Dawn was approaching.
Abandoning his kitchen plans, he turned and made his way upstairs, heading straight for Vivian's room.
###chapter1925
Harvey left the bedroom door ajar, the soft, warm glow of the floor lamp casting gentle shadows across the room. He had intended only to glance inside, but the moment his eyes landed on the bed, his expression shifted from casual to
shocked.
Vivian lay there, dressed in an intricately detailed period costume. Her features were serene as if she were in the deepest sleep.
"Vivian!" Harvey exclaimed as he rushed over to her.
His voice, sharp and urgent, should have been enough to rouse even the deepest sleeper. But Vivian remained motionless, her breathing steady, lost in an
unyielding slumber.
Frowning with concern, Harvey grabbed a nearby infrared thermometer and checked her temperature-97.88°F, perfectly normal. Still, something was wrong.
"Vivian?" He called again, but there was no response.
Her complexion was pale, and she seemed to have lost weight. A pang of guilt gripped him; he had been downstairs, oblivious to her return. Even without a fever, his worry deepened.
Going to the hospital didn't seem necessary right now, but something still felt off. Without hesitation, he immediately called Howard.
Howard arrived within 20 minutes, carrying a stethoscope and a first aid kit. The urgency in Harvey's voice had left no room for delay.
There were some medical supplies at the Galaxy Villa, but they were mostly kept in the basement for easy access in case of emergencies.
"Her outfit..." Howard noticed right away.
Vivian's period costume, clearly from a different era, was not just a mere costume or something seen in photos or movies. The fabric and embroidery were exquisite, far more intricate and refined than anything seen in the modern era.
The outfit she wore now was more elaborate and sophisticated.
Harvey beckoned Howard closer. He realized it was time to be honest with him. "Check on her first. I'll explain everything after."
Howard nodded, understanding the urgency, and immediately began examining Vivian.
Despite thorough checks, Vivian remained unresponsive, her state undisturbed by their presence.
After some time, Howard stepped back, his brows furrowed in thought. "Physically, she seems fine-just extremely exhausted. It appears her body is demanding deep rest. Let's talk downstairs." 
Relief washed over Harvey, though worry lingered. They moved to the living room, where Harvey, after a pause, recounted everything-leaving nothing out.
Howard listened in stunned silence. The shock he felt was similar to the first time he learned about the existence of negative items.
After a long sip of water to steady himself, Howard spoke. "So, Vivian is in this condition because she
traveled back in time? And Moel.n.
Martin and Mrs. Martin are involved too?" 
He suddenly felt like he was living in a fantasy world.
Harvey nodded.
Seeing Harvey's nod, Howard exhaled deeply. "If that's the case, it explains her weakness. Time trave? could have drained her physically She needs nutrients and rest. 1? prepare an IV drip to stabilize her. Once she wakes, we should take her
for a full medical evaluation."
Though his demeanor remained composed, Howard's mind raced. The impossible
had become reality, unfolding before his very eyes.
"Time travel? Connecting the past and present? And Mr. Martin and Mrs. Martin had time traveled too."
Meanwhile, Manfred had been standing in place for a long time. Long enough that Parlay Restaurant was about to close for the day.
Outside, Kemp sensed something was amiss. It shouldn't take this long for just a meal. Midnight had long passed.
###chapter1926
Most of the guests had already left. Concerned that something might have happened, Kemp pushed the door open without hesitation.
"Mr. Atkinson!" he called out.
The moment the door opened, he saw Manfred standing there, pale and devoid of color.
Inside the private room, Manfred was the only one present, and Vivian was nowhere in sight.
"Mr. Atkinson, where is Ms. Martin?"
He had seen them enter together and had waited nearby, watching as waiters came and went. But Vivian hadn't passed through that door again. She couldn't have left unnoticed.
Upon hearing Vivian's name, Manfred finally moved. He lifted his head, his cold, distant gaze meeting Kemp's. "She left."
She had left right in front of him, yet there'd been no time, no words exchanged. Now, with her still fragile from her illness, he wondered what leaving like this would do to her. He wondered when she'd come back-if she would come back.
"She left?" Kemp echoed, stunned.
He hadn't seen Vivian leave, and this place was Hubril-an unfamiliar city for her. Manfred would never allow her to leave alone in such circumstances.
There were so many questions running through his mind. But then he remembered-Vivian wasn't just anyone. Her presence, her absence, carried weight. Anxiety prickled at the edges of his mind. "Mr. Atkinson, are you alright?"
When Vivian was around, he always felt that Manfred was at ease. But now, he could sense a coldness around him, just like before.
This showed just how deeply Vivian had affected him.
"Let's go back," Manfred suddenly said, his voice cold.
Kemp dared not ask more questions and quickly responded, "Understood."
...
Vivian had been asleep for what felt like an eternity.
Throughout this period, Harvey
g over her. Howard visited
Ed Galaxy Villa, diligente
daily to manage her IV drip 
When she finally opened her eyes on the third day, she was greeted by two worried faces.
"Uncle Harvey? Uncle Howard?" She blinked, confused for a moment, wondering if she was dreaming.
She was supposed to be with Manfred. She vaguely recalled Manfred taking her to Parlay Restaurant, where the food had been delicious. But then, her stomach hurt, and everything went blurry before she lost
wnovel
consciousness. 
"So... am I dreaming?" she asked, her voice hoarse and her throat dry.
Harvey was momentarily stunned before replying, "You're not dreaming, Vivian. You're back."
Howard quickly brought a glass of water to her lips. "Drink this first."
The warmth of the water soothed her parched throat.
Howard then glanced at Harvey and added, "I'll go prepare some food."
Once Howard left, Harvey looked at Vivian, was still clearly
you've been asleel
e days and nights." 
for
Vivian's eyes widened in shock. "Three days and nights? I've been asleep for three days and nights. How is that possible?"
She was taken aback, realizing so much time had passed without her noticing.
She had returned suddenly, without even realizing it, and then slept for so long... three days and nights.
###chapter1927
Harvey noticed that Vivian was becoming increasingly agitated. He spoke gently to her, "You're still very weak. Howard has been giving you an IV drip for three days. You need to rest and recover."
Vivian shook her head anxiously. "No, that's not it. I shouldn't have returned now. Uncle Harvey, I shouldn't be back at this time! Don't you understand? I was so close to Graystone. I had found out about my parents. I was about to meet them!
"And Manfred, I didn't even get to say a proper goodbye to him. He must be worried sick. I've been gone for three days. I don't even know how much time has passed there. And my parents..."
Harvey was stunned. "You found out about your parents?" he asked in disbelief.
"Uncle Harvey, I was about to meet them. How could I return at such a crucial moment? How could this happen?" Vivian felt utterly helpless, her body weak, and she blamed herself.
She couldn't help but wonder why it had to happen now. She should have been stronger at this crucial moment.
She realized her sudden return had to do with her physical condition. She must have been dragged back because of her weakness.
Harvey saw the self-blame in her eyes and quickly reassured her. "Vivian, don't blame yourself. This isn't your fault. You've done incredibly well to find out about your parents in such a short time. You've been through so much-traveling between the past and the present.
"It's taken a toll on your body. If your parents knew what you've been through, they wouldn't want you taking such risks. They might not even want to see you time travel again."
There was something else Harvey noticed. Vivian's feelings for Manfred seemed to have deepened.
At Vivian's age, it was easy to develop feelings for someone, especially if the person had been kind and caring. He didn't know whether this was good or bad for her.
Vivian's tears flowed freely. "I have to go back. Uncle Harvey, I need to go back." Three days... It had been too long.
Howard stood outside the bedroom door, listening to Vivian cry. The sound tugged at his heart, and he found himself on the verge of tears as well.
Some things couldn't be fully understood, but he knew how much Vivian missed her parents.
"You're still very weak. You need to rest, for now, at least eat something. Let Howard check on you again and see you're well enough to go back," Harvey said, trying to comfort Vivian. 
Vivian slowly calmed down. As clarity returned, she sensed
something odd about her return. She recalled moments of overwhelming weakness before it happened, fong
stretches of unconsciousness. Perhaps the trips had been too close together. 
Howard stood by the door and said, "I just heated some chicken soup. It should
be ready now. Vivian, let's go downstairs and have some."
"Okay," Vivian replied as she got out of bed.
However, as soon as she got out of bed, she suddenly felt a wave of dizziness. Fortunately, it only lasted for a moment, and she quickly returned to normal.
While she sipped the chicken soup, Harvey and Howard watched her closely. Their concern made her self-conscious, but she understood it stemmed from love.
"The chicken soup is delicious," she said softly.
After finishing the chicken soup, she felt more energetic; the warmth seeped through her, chasing away the chill and bringing a flicker of strength.
Harvey finally exhaled, relief softening his features. "Vivian, we should go to the hospital for a thorough checkup. We need to be surè time travel hasn't harmed you." 
She shook her head. "I don't think it's necessary. I know my body. I'm just exhausted from everything. Rest will help."
She didn't want to waste time. She hoped to return as soon as possible after drinking the chicken soup.
She was especially worried that several years might have passed again by the time she made it back.
Harvey exchanged a look with Howard.
###chapter1928
Howard spoke up immediately, "Vivian, I've already arranged everything with the hospital. Harvey told me about your situation, and I did a quick check-up on you over the past few days.
"But I still think you need a thorough blood test and other screenings at the hospital. Without that, neither Harvey nor I will feel comfortable letting you leave like this. Besides...
"The reason you were in a three-day coma this time because of the strain from the repeated crossings. I'll need some time to prepare specific medications for you. This way, when you return, you can take them daily to supplement your body's needs. It might prevent you from becoming so weak again."
Harvey nodded in agreement. "Howard's right. You need to be fully prepared this time."
Vivian thought quietly for a couple of minutes before finally agreeing. "Alright."
These last two crossings had caught her off guard, leaving her unprepared. This time, she needed to be ready.
After finishing her chicken soup, Harvey drove Vivian and Howard to Apollo Hospital.
She first drew blood and then completed several other tests.
Waiting for the results felt like an eternity. For Vivian, every minute spent here felt like more time slipping away on Manfred's side.
Fortunately, Howard had coordinated with the hospital in advance. The results were expedited and ready quickly. Soon, Howard received the test results.
"How is it?" Harvey asked as Howard scanned the reports.
Howard let out a sigh of relief after reviewing the reports. "Nothing major shows up in these reports. Vivian's body is just a bit weak, and she's in a suboptimal health state. She's also slightly anemic. Once we're back at Galaxy Villa, I'll prepare the necessary medications for her to take along."
Harvey relaxed visibly. "That's good to hear. Let's make sure she's fully equipped this time. I spoke with her earlier. She mentioned feeling extremely fatigued and losing her appetite for a few days before returning last time. Prepare something specific for those symptoms too."
"Understood."
On the drive back to Galaxy Villa, Vivian busied herself with her phone. There were many messages to catch up on, and she replied to them one by one.
Janine and others had been
checking in daily, worried about her.
Having been unconscious for threet
days, she hadn't been able to
respond, but thankfully, Harvey had provided a plausible explanation for her absence. 
Howard prepared her medications once they reached Galaxy Villa while Vivian and Harvey packed her things together.
Since everyone could see her in Manfred's world, Vivian had to dress in period costume. She made sure to pack lightly, taking only essentials. Medications needed to be kept close at hand for convenience and safety. 
She fashioned a small bundle, tucking in personal clothing and a few books. By
the time she finished, Howard had the medications ready.
Under their watchful gaze, she smiled and said, "Uncle Harvey, Uncle Howard, I'll bring Mom and Dad back."
"Vivian, you've got this."
Their eyes brimmed with unshed tears, a mixture of pride and deep concern for Vivian.
They stood silently, watching as she disappeared before them, like a scene straight out of a fantasy film.
Howard stood frozen, his mouth agape. "If I hadn't seen it myself, I'd never believe someone could just disappear like that!"
It was truly unbelievable.
Moreover, only he and Harvey knew
about this. Thinking back on it, it stirred up that youthful,
adrenaline-fueled excitement, the kind of feeling one only experienced when one was young. 
###chapter1929
After a few more minutes, Howard suddenly realized something. "Harvey, do you think we'll be seeing Mr. and Mrs. Martin soon? Could Vivian bring them back?"
Harvey's gaze deepened, unreadable and mysterious. "She should be able to. I have a feeling they'll be back soon. I'll be staying here for the time being."
"Should we inform Paul and the others about this?" Howard grew more excited the more he thought about it. He was part of something incredible!
He had personally witnessed someone traveling through time. This was something straight out of a novel!
Harvey remained cautious. "Let's not tell anyone just yet. Vivian's time travel doesn't take long. To us, it might just be a night or a couple of days. There's no need to alarm others."
"You're right. Once Mr. and Mrs. Martin return, things will get busy again. I've prepared plenty of medicine for Vivian this time-it should make her journey more comfortable." Howard agreed after some thought.
Harvey checked the time. "Go home and rest. I'll stay here."
"Alright. Call me if anything happens. I'll head back now. Take care of yourself, too." Howard didn't hesitate he had a lot of work to do and several patients waiting for him.
"Okay."
After seeing Howard off, Harvey drank a glass of water and sat down.
Before leaving, Vivian had entrusted her phone to him. If anyone contacted her over the next couple of days, he could answer calls or reply to messages on her behalf.
"Vivian, I believe you'll find something important this time," Harvey murmured as he looked at a photo of a family of three on her phone.
Just as he was about to set the phone down and get some rest, it suddenly rang. Seeing Hadwin's name on the screen, he raised an eyebrow.
Austin's eldest son-he had met him a few times before. He's a rich playboy who lived life indulgently.
Although his work capabilities were impressive, his personal life was wild and carefree.
That day when Vivian was hospitalized with a high fever, others might not have noticed, but Harvey did this guy liked Vivian.
His expression darkened as he answered the call with a cold face.
"Vivian, are you feeling better? If you're okay now, let's go out for a meal." Hadwin's voice came from the phone.
Harvey's tone was unfriendly. "Vivian is busy these days."
"Who... are you?" Hadwin was caught off guard hearing a man's voice.
Harvey
She left her phone with me. She'mel
Sled, "I'm Vivian's uncle.
seclusion, focusing on her
Contact her in a few days, 
"Oh, so you're her uncle. Alright then. Could you let her know when she's free to give me a call? We had-
planned to meet up for a meal," Hadwin said with a hint of disappointment in his voice. 
Harvey responded with a curt hum. His tone was cold and indifferent.
Hadwin noticed it but wasn't too bothered-Harvey had always been a distant, hard-to-approach person.
It wasn't easy to get close to him. So he didn't take it personally.
After passing through a bright flash of light, Vivian opened her eyes again.
The scenery around her had completely changed. She had arrived in an entirely different world.
She stood frozen, staring at the vast expanse of yellow sand, dust swirling in the air. Where was this?
It wasn't Vario, nor was it the
see
residence. All she couldhet
s endless wind and sanno e of greenery in sight. 
###chapter1930
The surrounding houses were all unevenly built from earth, some tall and some short.
There weren't many people on the streets. Most passersby wore straw hats or veils to shield themselves from the swirling sand.
Her sudden appearance didn't attract any attention. This unexpected lack of reaction left her momentarily at a loss.
Taking a closer look, she noticed many beggars lying by the roadside.
Their clothes were tattered beyond recognition-the original colors completely faded.
These people looked weak and lifeless, their gazes hollow and empty.
Feeling uneasy, she walked forward, trying to find something-or someone- familiar. But of all the times she had traveled, this was the most unfamiliar place yet.
She wasn't sure where she had ended up. Had an even longer time passed this time?
The pedestrians moved hurriedly. Steadying herself, she stopped one of them.
"Excuse me, where is this place?" The person she stopped was a middle-aged
woman.
She wore coarse linen clothes, though they weren't in tatters. However, she was thin and covered her mouth and nose with a simple veil.
Hearing Vivian's question, the woman sized her up from head to toe.
Vivian's clothing was luxurious, unmistakably belonging to a young lady from a wealthy family.
"This is Briarpatch. Did you get separated from your family? You need to find a place to hide or go to the authorities. Don't wander around alone-it's dangerous."
The woman frowned as she spoke, then quickly hurried away.
Briarpatch?
Vivian wanted to ask more, but the woman had already left.
There was no time to dwell on what Briarpatch was-she knew that the situation here was dangerous.
So many beggars... and even...
Looking toward the corners of the
street, she saw unmoving figureme
lying on the ground. Without getting closer, she couldn't tell if they were alive or dead. 
And when she focused, she caught a faint, rotting stench lingering in the air.
Even though she had grown up in a peaceful era, she understood in that moment this town was chaotic and perilous.
She glanced down at her own clothes. Without hesitation, she stepped into a nearby alley.
She took off her luxurious clothing and rolled it in the dirt, then tore at it a few times until it looked tattered.
After putting the ragged garments she messed up her
back on
from
shup a few dry t
the ground and weaving met
in.
Then, she pulled out a compact powder from her bundle and quickly darkened her
face to a dull yellowish hue.
Within a short time, the refined and beautiful woman had transformed into a pitiful
little beggar.
At a glance, she now blended in with the beggars and impoverished commoners, unlikely to attract unwanted attention.
At the same time, she secured her pepper spray and small knife from her bundle, keeping them within reach.
Only after making these preparations did she finally feel safe enough to think about her next steps.
She needed to find out whether Manfred was in Briarpatch.
Although she wasn't sure how much time had passed, she was certain
about one thing-her first time in
traveling through time had been because of Manfred. 
And every time after that, she had always managed to end up near him.
Though the last two times, the distance had been farther apart, she had still been able to find him.
So this time, she was convinced-Manfred must be nearby. Perhaps he was somewhere in this town or somewhere close to it.
She had to find a way to track him down.
###chapter1931
How was she supposed to find Manfred?
Just as Vivian was feeling lost, several riders suddenly galloped past on horses.
The wind was already strong, but their speeding horses kicked up even more dust, creating a thick cloud of sand.
Some grains even scraped against her face.
She had already covered her face with a cloth, but the wind and dust still made it hard for her to keep her eyes open.
"Hyah!"
"Faster! We can't let the soldiers catch up-otherwise, we're finished!"
"Catch us? Hah! Those government troops are nothing but useless trash!"
"This time, it's different! The head of the Atkinson family has brought the Holland troop to Briarpatch. The ones chasing us now are the Holland troops!
"That head of the Atkinson family is said to be a ruthless man-he's already killed plenty of bandit leaders along the way. We can't afford to fall into his hands!"
Their voices carried through the swirling sand, reaching Vivian's ears.
Still dazed, her heart leaped with excitement when she heard those words.
The head of the Atkinson family? The Holland troop?
That was Manfred! It had to be him!
Without hesitation, she hurried toward the main road-she knew what to do now. She needed to find the Holland troop!
As she made her way toward them, a thought suddenly struck her.
She still had the token Alger had given her-it might come in handy at a critical moment.
Not wanting to fumble for it later, she quickly found it and secured it safely on her.
...
At the government office, a large crowd of refugees and beggars had gathered outside the gates.
Most of them had come seeking protection, afraid of being harmed by roving bandits and rebels.
And ever since the head of the Atkinson family had arrived with the Holland troop two days ago, these people had suddenly felt a glimmer of hope.
Earlier that afternoon, the government office had even set up a food station, offering a bowl of soup to everyone.
But inside the office, the county magistrate of Briarpatch knelt trembling on the cold stone floor.
His entire body shivered uncontrollably, and the official hat on his head sat crookedly, almost falling off.
"Quillan LeBlanc, you've got some nerve."
Seated in the magistrate's chair, Manfred radiated authority. Though his tone was calm, his words carried a weight that sent a chill down the
spine. ne
There was no rage in his voice, but the sheer pressure made one's heart tremble with fear.
"M-My lord-I wouldn't dare! I swear I planned to open the granaries for disaster relief! I am not a corrupt official! Please, Mr. Atkinson Please give me a chance!" 
Quillan's plea for mercy was filled with desperation.
However, Manfred's expression remained ice-cold.
He cast a glance at the soldiers beside him and ordered, "Strip him of his rank,
throw him in prison, and take him back to Vlario later."
Quillan's legs immediately gave out, and he collapsed onto the floor, his face drained of all color.
"Please, Mr. Atkinson, have mercy! I-I
can give you my entire fortune!
Those commoners outside are just
lowly peasants-their lives are worthless! I'll hand over everything I have-please spare me!"
From the sidelines, Kemp watched as Quillan pissed himself in fear, his face full of disdain.
If he was so scared now, why did he do it in the first place?
Thinking he was beyond the reach of the law, he had colluded with bandits,
forcing the people to suffer while he grew fat off their misery.
He had only himself to blame for his downfall.
###chapter1932
If one hadn't seen Briarpatch with their own eyes, they would never believe that such a hell on earth existed.
That corrupt official Quillan deserved death by a thousand cuts!
Manfred raised his hand coldly. "Interrogate him first. Have him write down every crime he has committed over the years, one by one, and have him sign his confession."
The moment Quillan—who had already been dragged to the doorway-heard the words, he screamed and begged for mercy.
"Put him through every single torture device in the prison, one by one," Kemp instructed the two soldiers dragging Quillan away.
The soldiers immediately responded, "Yes, sir!"
As Quillan was taken away, Manfred's expression finally eased a little. "He left behind quite a mess. Over the next few days, send people to investigate thoroughly-nothing must be overlooked."
"Understood."
His gaze then swept over the puddle of urine on the floor. His face remained as cold as ice. "Have someone clean this up immediately."
At that moment, a woman in bright red robes strode in swiftly.
"Mr. Atkinson, Quillan absolutely cannot be spared! I just went out and asked around—so many people have lost their homes and land because of him! He even preyed on women! That man is worse than a beast!"
Just as Kemp was about to step outside, he saw the woman charging straight toward Manfred and immediately raised his hand to stop her.
"Ms. Lynch, Mr. Atkinson will decide how to handle Quillan. This is a government office-this is not a place for you," Kemp's voice was calm but firm.
The woman, Mabel Lynch, was the daughter of one of the Holland troop's deputy generals.
She had grown up wielding swords and spears at the border, completely different from the delicate young ladies of noble families.
She had never been shy or reserved, and she often spent time chatting with men about war and politics.
This time, her father and brother had both followed Manfred to Briarpatch, and she had come along as well.
She frequently found excuses to appear in front of Manfred.
And while Manfred tolerated her out of respect for her father and brother, that did
not mean he welcomed her presence.
Kemp glanced back at Manfred. Sure enough his eyes were ice-cold.
Everyone knew what Mabel wanted.
But Kemp knew his lord best.
It wasn't just Mabel-several noble ladies in Vlario, like Geneva and Princess
Querida, had all tried to win Manfred's favor in the past.
At first, they had gone to great
lengths to court him, but in the end, one by one, they had given up. Over the past two years, they had all married other men. 
Besides, Manfred had publicly declared that he already had a fiancée-one who was traveling the world and would return soon.
Of course, after so many years, most people had stopped believing it.
After all, that so-called fiancée had neither returned to Vlario nor married him.
Very few people had ever seen Vivian in person.
Kemp quickly pushed aside his wandering thoughts.
Mabel frowned, clearly displeased. "I know this is the government office-I'm only
here to inform Mr. Atkinson of the people's grievances.
"Anyone who saw what these poor commoners have suffered would feel
outraged, not just me. I know Mr. Atkinson won't mind."
As she finished speaking, she secretly observed Manfred's expression.
For a long time, she had been hinting at her feelings for him.
Since he didn't like those pretentious noble ladies in Vlario, he must
someone bold and staffer
a woman of the frontier.
She knew about his fiancée, but if this woman truly existed, why had no one ever seen her?
She was convinced that Manfred had simply never met the right woman yet.
Manfred's eyes flashed with impatience. "Kemp, escort Ms. Lynch out."
"Ms. Lynch, please. Mr. Atkinson has only just arrived in Briarpatch and still needs time to rest. He must not be disturbed," Kemp's voice was steady and unyielding. 
###chapter1933
Mabel didn't want to leave.
But when she saw Manfred's distant, indifferent expression, making it clear that he had no interest in talking to her, she knew she shouldn't stay any longer.
Even if she forced herself to stay, Manfred wouldn't spare her a second glance. So, she had no choice but to leave with grace.
Kemp let out a small sigh of relief-he had thought Mabel was about to ramble on again.
Still, he personally escorted her out.
Halfway through the walk, Mabel-completely unbothered-casually asked, "Kemp, what kind of woman do you think Mr. Atkinson actually likes?
"Let me be honest with you-I always thought I'd never get married in this lifetime. But ever since I met him, I've felt that if I were to marry, it would have to be to a man like him."
Kemp was speechless.
Did she really need to be so honest about that? Anyone with eyes could see it.
"Mr. Atkinson has a fiancée," Kemp replied flatly.
Mabel rolled her eyes in frustration. "Fiancée? Has anyone seen her these past few years? Besides, Mr. Atkinson is already over 20. Even if this fiancée of his is really off traveling the world, she's way too irresponsible.
"Look at my brother-he's younger than Mr. Atkinson by a year or two, and he's already a father of three."
The more Mabel thought about it, the more she felt that this fiancée was just an excuse.
Kemp remained unimpressed. "Mr. Atkinson will make his own decisions. No one has the right to interfere."
If it weren't for Vivian, Manfred-cursed by fate to be alone-might never have fallen for anyone in this lifetime.
Plus, Mabel definitely didn't seem like someone who could change his fate.
Mabel frowned, annoyed by Kemp's cryptic tone. "When did I ever interfere? I'm just speaking my mind! And everything I said was for Mr. Atkinson' own good. If he heard me, he might even agree with me!"
Kemp's face remained cold. "You and Mr. Atkinson are neither relatives nor close friends. Watch your words."
"You-!" Mabel was momentarily speechless.
Was he telling her to shut up?
Kemp glanced at the entrance ahead. "Escort Ms. Lynch out."
Mabel's face darkened.
This Kemp was so insufferable!
If Manfred had a different right-hand man, he definitely wouldn't still be living like a lone wolf. How could a man not have a woman by
side?
Whatever. Kemp wouldn't understand her now, but luckily, she had met Manfred.
They would have plenty of chances to see each other.
She would make him fall for her.
Unlike those fake, pretentious noblewomen from Vlario, she had witnessed the
brutality of war and cared for the people's wellbeing.
How could she be compared to those women who only cared about family gossip and petty drama?
Thinking this, she felt a lot better.
As she stepped out of the government office, she lifted her chin high, looking down at the people around her.
These commoners, crushed by Quillan's exploitation, lived like ants-insignificant and powerless.
When they saw her, most of them looked at her with envy. And she knew exactly why they envied her.
They envied that she could freely
enter and exit the government office,
that she wore luxurious silk robes,
and that she was stunninglyo
iful. 
"Who is that young lady? What's her relationship with the head of Atkinson family? She can
government office so fren heer
###chapter1934
"I guess... she must be his wife, right?"
"No, no! I heard Mr. Atkinson hasn't married yet."
"Even if she's not his wife, she must be someone he really likes. Look at her— she's breathtakingly beautiful! Mr. Atkinson is bound to like her."
Not far away, a few people were watching Mabel, chatting amongst themselves.
Their voices weren't low, and it was easy for Mabel to overhear.
Hearing those words, the corners of Mabel's lips lifted slightly-those comments were quite pleasant to the ears.
She had always been confident in her beauty. Otherwise, she wouldn't have believed that none of her brother's friends were worthy of her.
Meanwhile, a little distance away, Vivian-tired from walking-finally saw the government office ahead.
She let out a long sigh of relief. Finally!
She had been asking for directions along the way, but most people assumed she was heading to the government office to get food and kindly pointed her in the right direction.
Even so, there were no clear road signs, and she had gotten lost several times. Estimating the time, she figured she had been walking for almost two hours-her feet ached terribly.
Just as she was about to step forward, she overheard a conversation nearby.
Someone Manfred liked?
She hadn't been paying attention earlier, but now that she looked carefully, she saw a woman standing in front of the entrance.
She couldn't clearly see her face, but she exuded a cold, proud demeanor. Manfred liked her?
A strange tightness gripped Vivian's chest a feeling of unease.
She stood frozen for a moment but then stepped forward. She knew that showing up unannounced again might bring trouble for Manfred.
However, he was her only hope of finding her parents, and she would repay him in any way she could.
As she reached the entrance, the guards had yet to react, but Mabel walked over first.
"You can't go any further-this is a government office. If you're here for food, go wait over there. We distributed some an hour ago, and there'll be more in another hour." 
Mabel, standing on the steps, looked down at Vivian.
From Mabel's perspective, this person was clearly a woman, but she was filthy, her face covered in dirt, her hair messy-a street beggar, no doubt. 
nove
However, her eyes, visible through the grime, were shockingly bright and clear— long eyelashes framing them.
Just from the eyes alone, one could tell-beneath all that dirt-this woman was stunning.
Mabel's brows knit together slightly. She had never seen such beautiful eyes before.
Even though Vivian was just a beggar, Mabel still felt a little uncomfortable.
At that moment, a guard stepped forward. "This is an official government office- stay back!"
His harsh tone was meant to be intimidating. Any ordinary person would have been scared off immediately.
After all, in times like these, who would dare challenge the government?
And these guards were armed-one swing of a blade, and a life could be easily taken.
"Did you hear that? Get going!" Mabel waved her hand dismissively, as if shooing away a fly.
Vivian remained still. Instead, she spoke up. "Please inform Mr. Atkinson. My name is Vivian Martin-I need to see him."
Mabel raised a brow, annoyed. "Vivian... Martin? What kind of name is that?
"Mr. Atkinson Just arrived in
Briarpatch he's swamped with
work. If every beggar came here like you demanding to see him, should the guards announce each one? Wouldn't that exhaust them? Wouldn't Mr. Atkinson be worked to death?" 
###chapter1935
How dare a beggar act like she was so important?
She even gave her name and demanded to see Manfred. As if a beggar's name mattered! Why would Manfred ever waste his time meeting a beggar?
Vivian frowned and glanced behind Mabel, her gaze sweeping over the tightly shut gates.
Several guards stood watching over the entrance, making it impossible to enter without a struggle. And right now, she was stuck outside.
Seeing that Vivian still hadn't moved, Mabel grew furious. "Why are you still here? Do you not understand what I'm saying? Mr. Atkinson really doesn't have time to see you. If I were you, I'd leave immediately."
She didn't know why, but she had a gut feeling that this beggar was a threat to her. The thought was ridiculous, of course.
How could she possibly compare to her?
Vivian said nothing. Instead, she simply turned and walked to the side.
The government office entrance was the safest place there was no need to worry about danger there.
Since they wouldn't let her in to see Manfred, she would just wait at the door. She refused to believe that Manfred would stay inside forever.
Mabel let out a cold laugh.
After watching Vivian walk away, she turned to the guards.
"Briarpatch is not like Vlario. It's much more chaotic here and now is an especially dangerous time. Mr. Atkinson is swamped with official duties. You must guard this gate well-don't let any random people inside to disturb him."
One of the guards immediately replied, "Don't worry, Ms. Lynch. Kemp has
already warned us-we won't let anyone in to trouble Mr. Atkinson."
Mabel nodded in satisfaction. "Good, I appreciate your hard work."
"It's no trouble at all!"
With that, Mabel boarded her carriage and set off.
However, the carriage had only traveled a short distance before stopping again.
She lifted the curtain and glanced toward Vivian, who stood not far away. "You don't have family, do you?"
"How about this-I'll give you a chance. Come serve as my maid. I can guarantee you'll never have to worry about food or shelter again. You won't have to live as a beggar anymore."
Vivian looked up at Mabel, her face expressionless. There was no sign of excitement or gratitude in her bright, clear eyes.
She simply replied, her voice calm and indifferent, "Thank you, but I don't need it."
Mabel scoffed, as if she had just heard something unbelievable. Her expression darkened, and she let out a cold laugh.
"I'm not one to go back on my word.
I'm offering you this opportunity today, but if you come begging for it later won't give you another chance." 
Vivian was done listening. She simply looked away.
Mabel glared at her, then let out a snort. "Fine! Just don't regret it later!"
How absurd.
She couldn't understand how
se bllll de who had already fallendet
I of a beggar could still cling
to her so-called pride.
It was laughable.
She would be back tomorrow and see if this beggar could still keep up that arrogance then.
Vivian covered her nose and mouth as the carriage sped away, kicking up a cloud of dust and sand. Even
with
a cloth over her face, she still
felt a little choked. 
Along the way, she had overheard news about Briarpatch.
It hadn't rained here for years, leaving the people without harvests.
To make matters worse, the local magistrate, Quillan LeBlanc, had been
exploiting the people, squeezing them dry.
As a result, the citizens were living in extreme poverty.
That explained why she had seen so many homeless people along the way-why corpses lay abandoned on the streets, unnoticed.
She hadn't expected it to be this difficult to meet Manfred. But she had patience. She would wait.
The area around her was filled with homeless people, all waiting for the next round of food distribution.
She had eaten earlier and still had some food in her bag, but with so many starving people around, she couldn't eat openly.
Instead, she secretly took out two pieces of chocolate, slipping them into her mouth for a bit of energy.
Then, she glanced up at the sky-it was getting dark.
She wondered when Manfred would finally come out.
###chapter1936
It looked like she might have to sleep against the wall tonight.
Suddenly, Vivian missed the days when only Manfred could see her when no one else could. If no one could see her now, she could easily sneak in at the right moment.
Things always had their pros and cons.
Meanwhile, Manfred, who was dealing with a pile of documents, suddenly felt a wave of dizziness. He leaned back in his chair, closing his eyes for a brief rest.
At that moment, Kemp entered, carrying a tray of tea.
Seeing Manfred with his eyes closed, he lightened his steps and carefully set down the teapot.
But just then, Manfred's eyes snapped open. And a name slipped out from his lips "Vivian."
Kemp rarely saw Manfred lose his composure. The only times he had were always related to Vivian.
Hearing that name now, Kemp quickly lowered his head, pretending not to have heard anything.
Manfred's dazed gaze sharpened the moment he saw Kemp before returning to its usual cold, emotionless state.
Kemp hesitated before saying, "My lord, why don't you rest and deal with these matters tomorrow? We've been traveling non-stop, and you haven't rested since arriving-you went straight to work.
"Even a body of iron wouldn't hold up. If Mr. Holland Senior finds out, he'll be heartbroken."
Bringing up Glen was always the best tactic.
Manfred pressed his temples, massaging them for a moment before coldly saying, "I'm going out."
Kemp froze. "Out? As in, outside the estate?"
He hesitated before adding, "The streets of Briarpatch are filled with corpses and beggars right now. The guards haven't even had time to clear them. There's nothing worth seeing. If you go out, you'll only find it frustrating."
Even someone as accustomed to death and bloodshed as he was had found the current state of Briarpatch unbearable to witness.
That bastard Quillan-what kind of official treated his people like this?
Manfred frowned. "I'm going."
There was a voice in his head urging him to go out and see.
It felt as if if he didn't, he would regret it.
The words echoed in his mind, over and over.
"Understood. I'll prepare the horses." Kemp immediately left to make
arrangements.
Briarpatch was too chaotic for Manfred to go out alone. They would need horses and a few guards to ensure his safety.
Manfred exited through the back gate of the government office 15 minutes later.
Several horses were already prepared.
One of the guards, watching as Manfred mounted his horse,
asked Kemp, "Why isn't the
lord leaving through the main gate?" 
Kemp shot him a glare. "The main gate is crowded with people. If Mr. Atkinson left that way, it'd cause a
commotion. He just wants to a look around." fo 
"Oh, that makes sense."
Indeed, no one lingered near the back gate-most people gathered at the front.
But this place had gone years without rain, and the air was thick with dust and
sand, making it hardly a pleasant sight.
Not to mention, with the recent
increase in deaths, there was a faint
stench of decay in the
seating and inescapable.
Manfred rode slowly, his pace unhurried and aimless.
Noticing this, a guard whispered to Kemp, "The lord seems to be in a bad mood
today."
###chapter1937
Kemp was also a little puzzled. Manfred was indeed acting unusually today.
Over the years, his methods had grown even sharper and more ruthless, but his emotions rarely showed. Yet tonight, even the guards could sense his bad mood -proof that he had lost control of his emotions.
Was it because of all the deaths in Briarpatch? Because Quillan was truly inhuman?
But that didn't seem right.
After all, Manfred had always been unreadable-his joys and sorrows never showing on his face. And he wasn't the type to be affected by such things.
Having followed him for years, Kemp knew that the only person who could ever affect his mood... was Vivian.
Thinking back to those few days years ago, when Vivian had been by his side- Manfred's eyes had held warmth, even laughter.
But since then, Kemp had never seen that look again. He quickly pushed aside his thoughts and instructed the guards.
"Stop speculating. Stop asking. Do you really think we can figure out what's on Mr. Atkinson's mind? Stay alert and keep watch. Briarpatch is too chaotic-there could be assassins lurking nearby."
With that, he scanned the surroundings, constantly on guard.
The guards immediately dropped their speculation and focused. If an assassin appeared, it would be serious.
...
Manfred gazed into the dark night, his surroundings as silent as a dead city. Then,
in the dimly lit alley ahead, he saw a familiar figure.
A woman's silhouette moved slowly toward him, just like in his dreams.
She seemed shrouded in light, standing in stark contrast to the deathly stillness around her. It was as if her mere presence could drive away all the darkness clinging to him.
His eyes locked onto the figure, and without realizing it, he asked, "Do you see that person ahead?"
Kemp followed his gaze. "There's... no one there."
He looked again, just to be sure. There was definitely no one.
This alley was too remote—even beggars didn't come here. Ever since the food distribution started yesterday, most of them had gathered near the government office. 
Before Kemp could even finish speaking, the faint light in Manfred's eyes had already faded into cold emptiness.
A hallucination-another one.
He had lost count of how many times his mind had played tricks on him tonight.
At an intersection ahead, he suddenly reined in his horse. Narrowing his eyes at
the path before him, he asked, "Where does that road lead to?"
Kemp recalled Briarpatch's map, studied the road ahead, and answered, "My lord, if we go straight, pass two intersections, then turn left, we'll reach the government office's front gate." 
Manfred paused for a moment before deciding. "Go to the front gate."
The group immediately changed course.
As they neared the government office's front gate, the crowd thickened.
But since it was late at night, most people had already fallen asleep, huddled by the roadside.
Even when the sound of hooves stirred them awake, they only squinted briefly before closing their eyes again.
Manfred scanned the endless sea of displaced people with only a fleeting glance.
Kemp and the guards had grown
numb to the sight. After seeing so much suffering upon arriving at
Briarpatch, they had already become desensitized. 
Meanwhile, Vivian was leaning against the cold wall, caught between sleep and wakefulness. She was exhausted.
Her sleep was fitful and uneasy.
And she had to stay on guard-in a place like this, people in desperation often
made reckless, dangerous choices.
She had no intention of getting robbed in her sleep.
Half-opening her eyes, she cast a glance toward the government office. Suddenly,
a group of horses thundered past.
Dust and sand whipped into the air, flying straight at her.
###chapter1938
Vivian immediately shut her eyes, but the dust still got in. Tears streamed down her face as she tried to adjust.
Then, through the moonlight, she saw several horses come to a stop in front of the government office.
A few figures dismounted from the horses. And among them-one silhouette was unmistakably familiar.
She shot up to her feet. Without hesitation, she ran toward them, her voice ringing through the night-"Manfred! Manfred! Manfred!"
Her voice was hoarse, almost breaking, terrified that he couldn't hear her.
Even the guards at the gate turned their heads.
Against the deathly silence of the night, her desperate shouts cut through like a knife.
Manfred was just about to step over the threshold-but he froze. His back went rigid.
After a whole night of hallucinations, he could no longer tell-was this real? Or another illusion?
"Who dares to call Mr. Atkinson by name?! Such audacity!" A guard scowled.
Kemp was also stunned for a moment before snapping back to his senses. "Some troublemaker. You-go stop her."
"Yes, sir!" Several guards immediately moved forward.
Manfred, still tense, slowly turned around. His gaze landed on Vivian, who was struggling against the guards.
Meanwhile, Vivian looked at the soldiers blocking her way, speechless. But what could she do?
With no other choice, she kept shouting "Manfred! Manfred!"
The guards shielded him from view, and she had no idea if he had stopped or not.
"Again? What makes you think a beggar like you can meet Mr. Atkinson? Get lost before we make you!" One of the guards sneered, his face dark with hostility.
Kemp blinked. "Why does that voice sound familiar?"
Just then, a gust of wind swept past.
Before anyone could react-a figure shot forward.
In the blink of an eye, the guard blocking Vivian was shoved aside.
And in the next moment, she was pulled into a firm, familiar embrace.
The entire scene stunned everyone.
Kemp's eyes widened in shock. He took a closer look at the disheveled woman and gasped in disbelief.
"Miss... Ms. Martin?"
Vivian stared at the familiar yet unfamiliar face before her. For a moment, she felt dazed.
Compared to the cold, unyielding
wall,
Fed's arms were
some reason, a waarmet
And
surged in her chest.
"It was so hard to find you this time."
Manfred's body remained stiff, even with
like person he had longed fore like a dream. Content belong the 19
day and night in his arms. It still felt
"Is it really you?" His voice was hoarse.
Almost at the same time, Vivian asked, "How many years has it been this time?"
At her words-the dreamlike haze shattered. He knew she was real. She was finally here.
"Three years." His voice was rough, as if the words had scraped against his throat.
Hearing this, Vivian let out a helpless laugh. "Three years? Why does it always take so long?"
In three years, the man before her had become more composed, more unreadable.
Manfred slowly loosened his grip. Lowering his gaze, he took in her appearance.
Her ragged, dust-covered clothes made him pause. "You..."
"It's a long story," Vivian said and
glanced down at herself. She looke
walking pile of dirt. A
Frecognized her. Contehet
And yet, he belongs
###chapter1939
After Manfred led Vivian inside, the guards who had blocked her earlier stood frozen in shock. It was as if they had just witnessed something unbelievable.
"She really knows Mr. Atkinson?"
At that moment, Kemp stepped up to the guards. "What did you just say?" His voice was sharp.
"She came again? And she really knows Mr. Atkinson? She's been here before?" The guard, still dazed, nodded.
"Yes... She came this afternoon, asking to see Mr. Atkinson. I thought she was just causing trouble and didn't believe she knew him.
"Ms. Lynch was also there at the time. She specifically told us not to let any random people disturb Mr. Atkinson."
Kemp's vision went black for a second. He nearly slapped the fool across the face.
"Mabel's words are bullshit! Do you even know who that woman is? That's Mr. Atkinson's fiancée! The woman he treasures more than anything!
"And you left her out here in the cold like some beggar, making her wait all night?" The guard turned deathly pale. "W-What? Mr. Atkinson's fiancée? But... But she looked like a beggar! If I had known, I never would have stopped her!"
Kemp gritted his teeth. "It's a damn good thing Vivian is unharmed! If anything had happened to her, you wouldn't be standing here right now!
"From now on, if Mabel ever comes here again, turn her away. Let her taste what it's like to be left outside!"
His blood was boiling. No wonder Vivian looked like that.
The chaos in Briarpatch meant she had to fend for herself after being turned away. She couldn't risk drawing attention, so she disguised herself as a beggar.
But just thinking about her standing out there all alone, covered in dust and exhaustion, made Kemp's temples throb.
Manfred must be heartbroken right now.
Venet
of
Kemp had no idea when Vivian arrived in town or what she had suffered to get here. But none that mattered anymore-she was finally safe. 
Manfred must be overjoyed.
As Kemp stepped inside, he heard Manfred giving orders, "Find clean women's clothing. Prepare hot water for a bath."
Kemp immediately sent people to arrange everything. Right now, besides himself, no one in the residence recognized Vivian.
Hearing his orders, some of the servants grew curious about her identity. To prevent another incident like the guards blocking her, Kemp's voice turned grave when he said, "Vivian is Mr. Atkinson's fiancée. From this moment on, her words are Mr. Atkinson's words. 
"You are to treat her with the utmost respect. Understood?"
"Mr. Atkinson's fiancée?" The realization dawned on everyone.
No one dared to slack off again.
Half an hour later, freshly bathed and dressed in clean clothes, Vivian stepped into Manfred's room.
Earlier, under the dim gate lights, she hadn't gotten a good look at him. Now, she finally saw him clearly.
Manfred had changed. Time had left no trace on his face, but it had left its mark on his temperament. He had grown up.
Every movement carried the weight of authority, power, and command.
As Vivian studied him, Manfred was watching her, too.
The woman before him was exactly as she had been in his dreams for the past three years. She had not changed. She was still the same as when he first met her.
She was just as he remembered. But he had aged.
Looking at her now, he felt like he was seven or eight years older than her. For
just a fleeting moment, Manfred felt... unworthy.
###chapter1940
"For me, it's only been three days since I left last time," Vivian explained.
To her, it had been a mere three days. But to Manfred, it had been three years.
"Did you fall ill again after you went back?" Manfred asked, nodding slightly as he studied her every expression.
He was afraid—afraid that after three years, she might find him disappointing.
If he had known he would see her in Briarpatch, he would have rested more on the journey from Vlario. He wouldn't have let himself look this exhausted.
He hadn't slept since yesterday, so he probably looked even worse now.
"I slept for three days and three nights."
"Three days and three nights?" Manfred frowned. "That still sounds like an illness."
Vivian shook her head. "Not an illness. Just weakness. As long as I keep up with my nutrition, I'll be fine. Don't worry.
"This time, before I came, Uncle Howard prepared some medicine for me. As long as I take it on time, I won't suddenly disappear again like last time."
But Manfred still wasn't reassured. "Let me check your pulse."
His voice carried an undeniable authority, leaving no room for refusal.
So Vivian obediently extended her hand.
For the past three years, Manfred had devoted himself to studying medicine. He read countless medical texts and even consulted renowned physicians from all over the country-all to improve his skills.
Because that day, before she left, her pulse had been so weak that it terrified him.
He spent countless nights wondering-was she able to recover in her world?
If she had stayed here, with a pulse that frail, even he wouldn't have been able to save her. The thought that no one might have been able to treat her...
It was a fear that stabbed him like needles.
For a time, he even feared he would never see her again.
But she was here now. She was safe.
Vivian watched Manfred with bright, shining eyes as he carefully checked her pulse.
She had to admit-he had grown even more handsome with time. His features had become sharper, more defined—even more striking than before. 
Manfred took his time—so much so that Vivian started feeling nervous. Was something wrong with her?
She had undergone numerous medical tests in the modern world, and Howard had assured her she was fine.
She should be fine... right?
Finally, Manfred let go of her hand.
"You're still weak. Did you take the medicine your Uncle Howard prepared for you today?" he asked gently.
Vivian suddenly realized. "I didn't get
a chance to take it today. There were too many people around, and I
Waid someone might steal it.
I'll take it right now." 
Manfred's brows furrowed slightly. "How many times a day do you take it? I'll remind you."
"Twice a day-morning and evening,"
Vivian answered truthfully. She had
anfred was terrifying
when he got serious.
Without another word, Manfred poured her a cup of water. He tested the temperature-not too hot, not too cold.
By then, Vivian had already taken out the medicine from her bag.
She took the cup from Manfred's hand and swallowed the medicine.
"Is it bitter?" Manfred asked.
"No, it's just nutritional supplements. No real taste," Vivian replied.
Manfred smiled slightly. "Good."
Then, he added, "Originally, I wanted you to rest. But there's something I think you'll want to know immediately."
###chapter1941
Vivian gazed at Manfred.
Soon, Manfred started to speak, "After you left back then, I finished everything in Hubril and went to Graystone. There, I found that couple.
"After questioning them, I showed them some of the things you gave me. They didn't recognize any of it. Even when I mentioned your name, they had no idea who you were. They are most likely not your parents."
He knew she had rushed back, mostly to find her parents.
Maybe just maybe a small part of her also came back for him.
Vivian's expression changed instantly. Her mind roared as if struck by lightning.
Not her parents?
If they weren't her parents... then where were her real parents?
"Once everything in Briarpatch is settled, our route back will take us through Graystone. I'll take you to meet that couple again."
Seeing Vivian so shaken, Manfred felt his chest tighten. He regretted telling her the truth. Maybe he should have kept it from her.
He reached out, wanting to hold her hand. But halfway through, he hesitated.
Looking at her porcelain-like, fair skin, just as beautiful as the first time they met― he suddenly became painfully aware of the change between them.
There was now... a distance.
Vivian took a moment to process the situation. At first, she was shocked that the couple weren't her parents. But after calming down, another thought surfaced.
Her parents had always been cautious. This was a completely foreign, ancient world, and there was no way they wouldn't be on their guard.
Without seeing her in person, they wouldn't have believed Manfred so easily. She shouldn't panic.
When she finally came back to her senses, she noticed Manfred looked a bit dazed.
She didn't know what he was thinking, but a trace of sadness between his brows made her heart tighten.
"Manfred, I'm fine. I actually prepared myself for this a long time ago.
"My parents have been missing for so long-just knowing they're still alive is already a great relief. Finding them isn't urgent.
"Right now, you have much more important things to do. After arriving here today, I went to the government office and saw so many homeless people. They need you."
She lifted her hand, wanting to hold Manfred's hand. But then, she suddenly remembered the woman who blocked her at the gate.
Everyone said that woman was the one Manfred liked.
For her, it had only been three days. But for Manfred... it had been three years.
Three years was enough to change everything.
Before, he had no one he liked. But now...
Manfred felt a warmth spread in his chest. It was as if a light had been ignited in a dark place.
So, in her heart, he was still someone worthy of being relied on.
"But you need to rest. Have you not slept since arriving in Briarpatch? Look at us—just staring at each other
with dark circles under ur
eyes," Vivian joked. 
She wasn't exaggerating.
If they didn't rest soon, by sunrise, the most eye-catching thing about them would
be their panda-like eyes.
Manfred was momentarily stunned, then chuckled.
As their eyes met, seeing the laughter and each other's reflection in their gaze, Manfred had a feeling that maybe even after three years, nothing had really changed. 
In her eyes, he was still the same as before.
...
Outside the door, the guards standing watch in shifts froze when they heard
Manfred's joyful laughter.
"Did I hear wrong?"
"Did Mr. Atkinson... just laugh?"
"Mr. Atkinson can laugh?"
"Bullshit! Of course Mr. Atkinson can laugh!"
"Shut up! If Mr. Atkinson hears you gossiping about him, you're dead meat!" Kemp
walked over, immediately scolding the bold guards.
But he couldn't really blame them.
These men had only been following Mr. Atkinson for the past few years. And in those years, all they had ever seen was a cold, ruthless, decisive leader. 
Forget laughing—even a smile had been a rare sight.
###chapter1942
The Big Picture of Economics
by David A. Adier
Essential Question
What has been the role of money over time?
Read how many of our everyday choices are determined by economics.
Go Digital!
###chapter1943
"Are you hungry? Breakfast is ready. But since Briarpatch is so remote and has suffered years of drought, there aren't many fresh fruits and vegetables. The food will be quite simple."
As Manfred asked, he explained the situation.
He knew Vivian wasn't picky about food, but he still felt that now that he had the ability to provide better for her, he didn't want her to settle for less.
Even the slightest discomfort on her part made him uneasy.
Vivian really was a bit hungry. "It's fine. Simple meals are healthier anyway."
In a place like Briarpatch, just having food to eat was already a blessing.
So many displaced people out there couldn't even get a bowl of soup.
"After breakfast, I'll be quite busy. The next couple of days will be hectic. If you get bored, you can ask Kemp or the others to take you out for a walk," Manfred added.
If he had known there would be so much to handle here, he might have assigned someone else to the task.
But then again, coming to Briarpatch had allowed him to see Vivian again, so he didn't regret it in the end.
Vivian nodded. "I can read. Don't worry about me. I'll take care of myself."
They chatted as they headed to breakfast together. The nearby servants were stunned.
Was Manfred always fond of smiling?
No, that had to be an illusion.
No, wrong again. Manfred only smiled for certain people.
...
One hour later, in another residence, Mabel was in the kitchen, personally preparing a meal.
She had gone up the mountain early in the morning and finally managed to hunt a wild chicken.
She had just finished plucking its feathers and was preparing chicken soup. One portion would be for her brother, Cody Lynch, and the other for Manfred. 
She was very confident in her cooking skills.
Just as she placed the chicken into the pot and added water, a sudden gust of wind blew past her.
The next moment, a hard slap landed across her face.
She cried out, clutching her cheek as she turned to face the attacker.
"Cody, what are you doing?! Why did you hit me? I'm your younger sister!"
Since childhood, her entire family
had
W spoiled her, letting her have her
way in everything. She had never been treated so harshly before. 
The slap left her dizzy.
Cody's face was dark as he clenched his teeth.
"Look at what you've done!" He roared.
Mabel was utterly confused.
"What? What did I do to make you this angry? Do you even know what I went through?
"I went hunting! In this godforsaken place, where even birds refuse to land, do you
know how hard it was for me to catch a wild chicken?
"But the first thing I thought of catching it was making chicken soup for you! You have old
novel.n
es-you need to take care of
health! And yet, you hit me?
"Cody, are you crazy?"
Hearing her words, the tight muscles on Cody's face loosened slightly. But then,
he remembered what Kemp had told him.
In an instant, cold sweat drenched his back.
###chapter1944
Cody hesitated. He had watched Mabel grow up and didn't want to be harsh with her. But this was involved Manfred.
Taking a deep breath, he asked coldly, "Did you go see Mr. Atkinson yesterday?"
"Yeah, but it's a shame. He didn't say a single word to me. I was hoping to talk to him," Mabel replied, her tone filled with disappointment.
Cody asked, "When you left, did you see a beggar? And did you take it upon yourself to have the guards stop them? Even going so far as to tell them not to let just anyone disturb Mr. Atkinson?"
Mabel frowned. "Yeah, I did. What's the problem? The area around the government office is full of beggars. If every single one of them demanded to see Mr. Atkinson, would he have to meet with them all? He came to the Briarpatch for important matters, not to deal with street vagrants."
Speaking of the beggar, she couldn't help but recall the one who claimed to know Manfred.
Unlike the others with their dull, lifeless eyes, this beggar's gaze was sharp and full of spirit.
The moment their eyes met, there was something captivating-an almost magnetic pull that made it impossible to look away.
For a fleeting moment, it truly seemed like that beggar had a deep connection to Manfred. But the next second, Mabel dismissed the thought.
She thought, "Impossible. How could that be possible?"
One was a nobleman, and the other was a beggar.
Cody was on the verge of losing his mind over Mabel's foolishness.
"Do you have any idea what you've done? That woman wasn't just any beggar- she truly knew Mr. Atkinson. More than that she's his fiancée! You turned away Mr. Atkinson's fiancée!
"Did you ever consider what might happen if something happened to her because of you? Do you think you, me, or our family would even survive the consequences?"
Just the thought of it sent a cold sweat down his back.
Mabel's eyes widened in shock. "Fiancée? Mr. Atkinson's fiancée?"
"Yes! You made a terrible mistake! You turned away Mr. Atkinson's fiancéet Pack your things and leave Briarpatch immediately. From now on, stay far away from Mr. Atkinson!" Cody fumed with anger. 
Mabel's face turned pale. "Leave? Why should leave? Are you sure
about this, Cody? No one has seen Mr. Atkinson's fiancée in
impostel.ne
years what if she's an
And that beggar-she was so dark-skinned, not even close to a rare beauty. How could she possibly be his fiancée?" 
At most... At most, she had captivating eyes.
But she was nowhere near as beautiful as Mabel herself.
Cody was furious when he saw that Mabel was still in denial.
"Everything I just said came straight from Kemp! Do you think he'd lie? Do you think Mr. Atkinson would be so easily fooled? Or do you think even Kemp is easy to trick?
"You're out of your mind! Even if that beggar weren't his fiancée, what right do you have to interfere in Mr. Atkinson's affairs? Who he meets or doesn't meet is none of your business."
Mabel had always been sharp, and fortune tellers had once said she was destined for a life of wealth and prosperity. So when he realized she had feelings for Manfred over the past few years, Cody hadn't O intervened. 
Mabel felt like she had been struck by lightning. Her body wavered, and she bit her lip before suddenly turning on her heels and running out.
"Mabel! Where are you going?" Cody hadn't expected her to take off so abruptly and shouted after her.
She didn't turn back. "Cody, I have to see for myself! That beggar is just a homeless nobody. Yesterday, she even offered to be my maid.
"How could she suddenly become Mr. Atkinson's fiancée overnight? She must have used some underhanded trick! I won't let him be deceived. I refuse to swallow this humiliation."
Cody's heart pounded in fear, a chill creeping up his spine. "What did you just say? Do you even hear yourself? Stop right there!"
He immediately took off after her, but Mabel had been quick on her feet since childhood. Before his words had even fully left his mouth, she had already leaped onto a horse.
After breakfast, Manfred left to handle official affairs. The mess Quillan had left behind was massive, and it would take time to clean up.
Meanwhile, Vivian remained in her room, quietly reading and resting.
###chapter1945
Vivian had considered going out for a walk. However, the situation in Briarpatch was chaotic.
When she went to the government office yesterday, she hadn't seen any prosperous streets, and even fewer shops were open.
For now, she chose to stay in her room, reading a book to calm herself and plan how she could find Skylar and Joe.
More importantly, she needed to approach that couple to verify if they were truly her parents.
The situation in Briarpatch was complicated, and she felt like she needed time to think. Perhaps, when Manfred needed advice, she could offer some.
Of course, she believed that by the time Manfred arrived in Briarparch, he would already have a clear understanding of the situation and a plan for how to deal with
it.
Her thoughts were tangled, one after another, but then another idea crossed her mind-she suddenly remembered the woman Manfred had feelings for.
"You can't stop me. I'll only see Ms. Martin for a moment and then leave. I have questions for her, and once I ask them, I'll leave Briarpatch willingly.
"Let me go!
"Don't stop me. I'll take full responsibility for the consequences!"
The sound of a woman's voice came through. Vivian recognized the voices immediately. It was the woman Manfred had feelings for.
She wondered if she was trying to meet her.
Quickly, she closed her book and walked out of the room. She made her way toward the direction of the voices. Not far ahead, she saw Mabel being stopped by several people.
The people blocking Mabel were trying to persuade her kindly.
"Ms. Lynch, please don't make things difficult! Ms. Martin is the fiancée of Mr. Atkinson. If you disturb her, Mr. Atkinson will be upset."
"Ms. Lynch, it's better to leave now before you embarrass yourself."
"Out of respect for Deputy General Lynch, we don't want to escalate this. Please, leave quietly."
Mabel looked at the group blocking her. She recognized them.
She had traveled from Vlario with them and had become quite familiar with them along the way.
She had always been friendly, joking with them, all for the sake of making sure they would help her when she needed it most-to get close to Manfred. 
But now, they were all blocking her from meeting Vivian. She had learned the name just moments ago-Ms. Martin.
They referred to her with such reverence, as if speaking of Manfred himself.
"Why? Why would they treat a mere beggar this way?" she thought.
Suddenly, a voice called out to her. "Are you looking for me?"
Mabel turned quickly. When she saw Vivian, she froze.
For a moment, she thought she had made a mistake. The woman before her looked nothing like the dirty dark-skinned beggar she had seen the day before. 
But now, standing before her, Vivian was stunning. Her eyes shone like stars, her skin pale and flawless, el almost delicate enough to break at a touch Her features were sharp and striking, a beauty that made it
impossible to look away.
The same eyes that had stunned her the day before now left her even more in
awe.
###chapter1946
"Are you... Are you Vivian? Mr. Atkinson's fiancée?" Mabel asked, still holding onto a sliver of hope.
She refused to believe it. The person in front of her couldn't possibly be the one. She must be an imposter.
Manfred's fiancée couldn't possibly exist. Nobody had seen her, and he couldn't have suddenly had a fiancée.
Vivian didn't know how to respond at first. Technically, she was indeed Manfred's fiancée. But three years had passed, and she thought Manfred had publicly dissolved their relationship.
But clearly, that wasn't the case.
She thought, "So what does Mabel mean to Manfred? Or was I mistaken yesterday? Maybe it's all been a misunderstanding fueled by the gossip about Manfred and Mabel."
After a brief hesitation, Vivian said calmly, "Now that you've seen me, what do you want to say?"
Mabel felt a strange unease rise within her. It was as though their roles had been reversed. Just yesterday, Mabel had been the one looking down on Vivian, offering her a chance to serve as a maid instead of a beggar.
Yet now, Vivian was Manfred's fiancée.
And Mabel was the one being questioned. That feeling was more unbearable than anything Mabel had ever felt before.
Taking a deep breath, Mabel's face hardened with hostility. "Who exactly are you? What is your purpose with Mr. Atkinson? I bet you're not really his fiancée. How did you manage to seduce him?"
With a look like that, Mabel believed that Vivian was some sort of manipulative fox. Most men couldn't resist a woman like her.
Maybe Vivian was sent to seduce Manfred, a spy ready to strike at any moment.
Others might be easily deceived, but Mabel wouldn't be.
Vivian's voice remained calm as she responded, "You already know who I am. As for whether or not I'm Manfred's fiancée, you have your answer. Now, it's my turn to ask you. What is your relationship with Manfred?"
"Ms. Martin, she's Deputy General Lynch's sister. She has no connection with Mr. Atkinson!" One of the maids, quick to notice, hurriedly spoke up, afraid that Vivian might misunderstand.
Manfred was very protective of Vivian, and there was no chance he would allow her to misunderstand anything regarding his relations with other women.
The truth was clear to everyone around Manfred. He never paid attention to Mabel. She had been the one to chase after him, with no response on his end.
Mabel's face turned bright red. "I... I and Mr. Atkinson..."
Vivian immediately understood the situation. It turned out she had misunderstood Manfred.
Just then, Kemp arrived. Seeing
scene before him, the veins on his
forehead started to throb. He
couldn't help but wonder if Mabel had completely lost her mind. 
"Mabel, who gave you the nerve to barge in like this? Didn't your brother explain things to you? You've always been delusional, but now you dare to come here and spout nonsense in front of Ms. Martin? Are youdooking for trouble?" 
Kemp was genuinely angry. His anger wasn't as dangerous as Manfred's, but the fact that Manfred cared for Vivian meant he would never allow her to be misled.
Mabel's face flushed with further embarrassment. She bit her lip in disbelief as she looked at Kemp.
"Why are you being so harsh with me, Kemp? I haven't done anything wrong. I'm just worried Mr. Atkinson is being deceived, so I came to verify her identity.
"Maybe you've all been tricked. She might not even be Mr. Atkinson's fiancée; she could be a spy."
Kemp showed no mercy. His words struck her like a slap to the face. Her whole face felt like it was burning.
Vivian furrowed her brows slightly. "Manfred is not someone who can be easily deceived, and I'm not a spy."
"Just because you say you're not doesn't mean you're not. You dare to call him by his name? Who do you think you are? How can you have the right to speak his name like that?" 
Mabel was seething with jealousy.
She wanted to marry Manfred and call him by his name, but she didn't dare. She wondered how someone like Vivian could dare to do what she couldn't.
"Shut your mouth!" Kemp snapped angrily.
###chapter1947
Manfred liked it when Vivian called him by his name.
Every time she did, he was always pleased. This Mabel was asking for trouble.
"Ms. Martin, let me handle her," Kemp immediately said to Vivian.
Vivian glanced at him and replied calmly, "Just let her go. There's no need to make things difficult for her."
She wasn't fond of petty rivalries. Moreover, she could tell Mabel had feelings for Manfred, which explained the confrontation.
Kemp nodded in understanding, agreeing without question. Vivian turned to leave.
Mabel felt utterly humiliated. Her face burned with shame as she shouted at Vivian, "Don't go! You need to explain yourself first. Are you a spy? I'm a woman, and I won't be charmed by you."
"Are you out of your mind, Mabel!" Just then, Cody arrived, overhearing Mabel's words and looking horrified.
He immediately approached and slapped Mabel hard across the face. "You're insane!"
Mabel staggered backward from the force of the slap, her face burning. Once she regained her balance, she glared at Cody and shouted, "Cody, you've been deceived! You've all been deceived."
"Deputy General Lynch, take her away and make sure she leaves Briarpatch immediately!" Kemp ordered coldly.
"Kemp, don't you realize you've been deceived too? Women know other women best! You're close to Mr. Atkinson. You must warn him so that he doesn't get tricked. I have a feeling she's a fraud, using her looks to fool him."
Mabel was furious. She couldn't believe that almost everyone was defending Vivian. It wasn't fair. She wondered if it was because Vivian was more beautiful than her.
That face-maybe it was a disguise.
Cody was nearly terrified out of his wits. Without hesitation, he slapped Mabel across the face again.
"Shut up! You're never setting foot in Vlario again! I'm sending you back home right now and have our uncles and aunts deal with you!"
For years, he had indulged his only sister, thinking it was harmless to spoil her a little. But now, he realized he had raised someone completely reckless and oblivious to consequences.
Mabel's head spun from the blows. Her vision blurred, and she could barely stay on her feet.
Cody had spent years on the battlefield, and his strength was far beyond that of an ordinary man. The slaps he delivered in his fury were full force, and Mabel was not only left dizzy, but her face also swelled visibly within moments. 
She had no choice but to let herself be dragged away by Cody.
The maids nearby watched the scene unfold with hushed murmurs.
No one had ever seen Mabel act so unhinged before. Today, for some reason, she had lost all sense of reason.
Her brother had arrived, and Kemp was there too, making everything crystal clear. But she still acted like she had lost her mind, spouting nonsense that only created more trouble for herself. '
She had always been a smart and clever woman, but now she seemed to have lost her wits. It was hard to understand how someone who used to be so sharp could suddenly become so clueless.
It was obvious to anyone who paid attention that Manfred had never shown any special interest in Mabel.
Once Cody took Mabel away, Kemp immediately turned to Vivian, afraid she might misunderstand. "Ms. Martin, Mabel was acting on her delusions.
"For the past
t two years, we've all known about her feelings, but out of respect for Deputy General Lynch, we didn't make things clear. Mr. Atkinson has never had any such intentions for her. Please don't worry." 
If Vivian misunderstood, that would be a real disaster.
She simply nodded and said, "It's fine."
She wanted to say something more, but when the words reached her lips, she found herself unsure of what to say.
Later, back in her room, she sat down with a book in her hands. But no matter how hard she tried, she couldn't focus.
Her thoughts were a mess.
She realized now-she liked Manfred. Otherwise, she wouldn't care if he liked someone else.
###chapter1948
Vivian was fully aware that her connection with Manfred could never be anything more.
They came from two entirely different worlds, and she had no control over when she would leave. Even if she somehow returned, she had no idea how much time would have passed.
It wouldn't be fair to Manfred either. She had a strong feeling that once she found Skylar and Joe and returned to the modern world, she might never be able to come back to this world.
So, she hoped Manfred would find someone truly meant for him. But the thought of him falling for someone else made her heart ache.
Human nature was indeed complicated. It was a sign that she had truly grown. She had selfish desires, but she couldn't afford to be selfish.
Just as her thoughts were swirling, Manfred hurriedly approached.
Hearing his footsteps, she looked up. Their gazes met.
Manfred's tone was urgent as he spoke, "Mabel's feelings are one-sided. I've never had any such feelings for her. Please don't misunderstand."
He had been too kind to Cody and Mabel, giving them the chance to act so boldly in front of Vivian.
Vivian stood frozen for a moment. Her heart skipped a beat. She could sense that Manfred cared about her. But...
She smiled and shook her head. "It's fine, I didn't misunderstand. I was actually thinking that Mabel is really beautiful.
"If you liked her, I guess that would be a good thing. Manfred, have you ever thought about marriage in these past years?"
Manfred's heart sank with every word she said. His throat tightened.
He stared at Vivian intently. The words he wanted to say to express his feelings seemed to vanish before they could leave his mouth. He hesitated.
After a long pause, he averted his gaze and spoke casually, "I'm not interested in marrying anyone."
He had no interest in anyone other than the person before him. If Vivian wasn't the one he married, he would choose to remain single forever.
Vivian felt a lump form in her throat She quickly shifted her gaze and spoke in a tone that seemed casual, "Is the situation in Briarpatch manageable?" 
Manfred sat down and reached for a glass of water, but his hand trembled slightly as he grabbed the teapot.
"There are some complications, but fortunately, we already have a plan in place," he replied.
Vivian's eyes sparkled with admiration upon hearing his words. Manfred truly seemed to shine in that moment.
"Oh, I almost forgot. I brought you a gift." She had been rifling through her bag earlier and found a few items she meant to give him.
From last night until just now, she hadn't had much time to organize her bag. Inside, there were some daily essentials that Harvey had
packed for her. 
It was a small bag, but it was full of things that had been vacuum-sealed.
Manfred looked a bit distracted, his face pale, but when he lifted his gaze to Vivian, a smile appeared on his face. "A gift?"
"Yes, just a moment. I didn't want anyone to see, so I didn't take it out earlier, Vivian said, quickly moving to the cabinet near the bed and beginning to search for the package. 
She retrieved a golden signet ring and several bottles of medicine from her bag.
"This signet ring is pure gold. I bought it a few years ago from a jewelry store. After putting it away, I completely forgot about it.
"But when I came to see you, I remembered it. I think only you can truly bring out its elegance. Try it on. It should fit."
###chapter1949
These days, many people preferred wearing emerald signet rings, but the one made of pure gold had intricate engravings symbolizing good fortune and
happiness.
Vivian had liked it so much when she first saw it that she decided to buy it.
Manfred took the ring and slid it on without hesitation. Just as Vivian had anticipated, his fingers were long and slender, and the ring fit perfectly. It looked stunning on him.
She couldn't help but be dazzled. "This ring looks amazing on you, and your hands are also quite beautiful."
It wasn't just empty flattery. Manfed's hands were indeed long and slender, with distinct knuckles. If he lived in the modern world, he would surely excel at playing
the piano.
A faint blush tinged Manfred's ears as he lingered his gaze on his hand.
Vivian then picked up the bottles of medicine and started explaining. "These are nutritional supplements. You can take one a day."
These were the same pills that Howard had prepared for her, and she had grabbed a few extra bottles.
"Are they similar to the ones you take?" Manfred asked, opening the bottle. The small pill that came out looked nearly identical to what Vivian had taken last night.
It was similar to the ones she had given him a few years ago. Though they looked alike, the effects were different.
Vivian said, "Yes, they're nutritional supplements. But these aren't available in stores. Uncle Howard specially prepared them. They're great for replenishing vitamins and other nutrients.
"Yours and mine are a bit different, though. The ones I take are more suited for women, while these are better for men."
"I see. I also have something for you, but it's in Vlario. I'll bring it to you when we get there," Manfred said, feeling a bit regretful that he hadn't brought it with him.
Vivian smiled and nodded. "Okay."
She was certain now that she would be going to Vlario this time with him.
Seeing her agreement to go with him, the spark in Manfred's eyes seemed to shine even brighter.
"I still have some matters to attend to, but I'll have dinner with you later," he said, reluctantly standing up.
He needed to go now.
Vivian walked him to the door to see him off.
As she looked at Manfred's tall figure, Vivian suddenly spoke, "Manfred."
He stopped, turned around, and
looked at her. His eyes clearly reflected her image, with a trace of affection he didn't manage to conceal. 
Vivian froze for a moment, a pang of pain spreading through her chest. "Manfred, good luck!"
Manfred smiled and nodded. For a brief second, he had thought Vivian would confess that she liked him
too. But he knew that in her heart, he
was nothing more than a fleeting
passerby in her life. 
As the evening approached, Manfred hadn't returned.
However, a soldier arrived, holding something wrapped in red cloth. He hurriedly approached and handed the item to Vivian.
"This contains a copper mirror. Mr. Atkinson asked me to deliver it, saying you
should check if this is the one you've been looking for."
Vivian had been curious about what was wrapped in red cloth, but upon hearing the soldier's words, she immediately unwrapped it.
An antique copper mirror came into view.
"This copper mirror was something Mr. Atkinson bought when he saw it being pawned at a pawn shop. He had a strong intuition that it was the copper mirror you needed. Please take a look and let me know so that I can report back to Mr. Atkinson."
The soldier had truly run all the way back, still out of breath as he spoke, a layer
of sweat on his forehead.
Vivian nodded, taking the copper mirror into her hands.
###chapter1950
The moment Vivian's hand touched the copper mirror, her mind was filled with vivid, modern scenes. The mountain she had climbed and the one Skylar and Joe had climbed.
Just then, a shout cut through her thoughts.
"Ms. Martin! Ms. Martin!"
But the voices seemed to grow more distant, fading until they felt unreal. She wanted to speak, to tell them she was fine, but no words would come out.
In the end, everything seemed to plunge back into darkness.
When she opened her eyes again, she found Manfred sitting by her bedside. He was gently wiping her forehead with a handkerchief.
She blinked, meeting his gaze-his eyes full of tenderness.
Manfred's hand trembled slightly.
Vivian was stunned. Then, it hit her-she remembered the copper mirror. She had passed out right after looking into it.
"That copper mirror..." she murmured.
Manfred quickly composed himself, his expression returning to normal. "The copper mirror is on the table. How do you feel now?"
"How long was I out?"
Vivian let out a sigh of relief when she heard the copper mirror was still there. Looking out the window, she noticed that the sky had already brightened. She wondered if she had slept through the entire night.
"Two days and two nights," Manfred replied softly.
For those two days, he had been rushing back as soon as he finished his work,
waiting for her to wake up, constantly checking her pulse.
Vivian was stunned. "Two days and two nights? I slept for that long?"
She hadn't felt anything at all during her sleep.
During that time, she had clearly seen the process of her parents' disappearance.
"Manfred, this copper mirror is the one I've been looking for!" she said, her voice filled with excitement.
Before she even realized it, she sat up and hugged him.
"You know? I saw my parents in the copper mirror, and I knew if I took the mirror to them, I'd be able to
bringthem home. Thank you Manfred! I'm so happy." 
Manfred stiffened slightly at the sudden embrace. Her soft body pressed against his, and a faint fragrance surrounded him.
His heart trembled involuntarily.
But he realized something-she seemed to have forgotten that he was a man with strong emotions.
Vivian, oblivious to it, held onto Manfred for a while before releasing him.
"Manfred, what should I do? I'm so happy. After searching for so long, I finally
found it. I'll be able to see my parents again very soon."
Manfred didn't have much experience understanding the feeling of longing to reunite with family, nor had he ever yearned for it himself. He couldn't fully understand Vivian's excitement, but he knew her happiness was what mattered most. 
He spoke gently, "Give me half a month. After that, I'll take you to find them."
Although Vivian was thrilled, when
she heard the timeline of half a
month she hesitated. "Half a month? Can you really handle
everything in that time? With how
things are in Briarpatch..." 
"In ten days, the new magistrate will arrive in Briarpatch, and I'll no longer be
needed," Manfred explained softly.
Vivian's joy faded slightly, a sense of reluctance creeping in.
In just half a month, he would take her to find her parents, and then... she wasn't sure what would happen.
Noticing her change in mood, Manfred furrowed his brow and asked with concern, "Are you feeling unwell?"
###chapter1951
Vivian's gaze flickered slightly.
Looking at Manfred, who was concerned about her, her heart tightened. There were things she couldn't bring herself to say. She shook her head. "I'm fine. It's just that I haven't eaten for over two days, so I feel weak and a bit drained."
In truth, she wasn't hungry at all.
"I'll have someone bring food right away." Manfred immediately stood up and walked toward the door, instructing someone outside to bring food.
As Vivian watched his tall figure standing at the door, her eyes reddened. Her nose tingled, and a wave of reluctance washed over her.
She didn't want to let him go. But deep down, she knew she didn't belong here. The repeated forced departures had been a constant reminder-she didn't belong here.
Taking a deep breath, she forced a smile when Manfred turned back to look at her.
"Manfred, I'd like some sandwiches. Do you have any?"
Manfred's eyes softened as they rested on her, his smile gentle and warm. "Of course. You can have anything you want."
Seven days later, Vivian hadn't left the mansion much during this time.
Manfred had been unusually busy these past few days. The two could only share a quick breakfast, as he didn't return until the late hours of the night.
To avoid causing trouble for him, Vivian stayed within the mansion, knowing that Briarpatch was in a state of chaos.
People now knew she was Manfred's fiancée, and she didn't want to risk being used by those with ill intentions. It was safer for her to remain inside.
During this time, she spent her days studying the copper mirror.
The copper mirror wasn't a negative item, but it did hold extraordinary significance. The person who forged it had poured all of their effort and love into
the creation. This devotion had given the mirror a unique purpose.
Over these days, she had started to see glimpses of the copper mirror's past and present.
The copper mirror held a thousand-year legacy, with its original owner resembling Skylar. She came from a prestigious family, but unfortunately, her love with the one she cherished couldn't come to fruition because of their vastly different social statuses. 
This copper mirror was a wedding gift from her beloved.
However, on the day of her wedding, the original owner disappeared with the copper mirror.
She secluded herself in the deep forest and lived a life of solitude until her passing.
She never reunited with her lover because she feared causing him trouble. Her prestigious family's methods were unimaginably cruel.
Though they were never united, both of them carried each other in their hearts until the day they died. One remained unmarried, and the other was left a widow. fo 
Afterward, the copper mirror changed hands many times.
All the subsequent owners were able to unite with their loved ones and live a happy life until the end.
The reason it ended up being pawned was that Briarpatch had become too
chaotic, and the copper mirror was stolen by thieves.
Then, fate led Manfred to see it.
It felt as though everything was destined. Vivian's parents had to this strange world a few years
and it seemed their time to
home had come.
As for Manfred, Vivian hoped he would meet someone he truly cared for, and they
would grow old together. That was her most sincere wish for him.
If she were to be selfish, she would hope that Manfred would never forget her, this fleeting visitor in his long life.
"Still looking at the copper mirror?" Suddenly, Manfred's voice came from the doorway.
His soft, magnetic voice made Vivian's heart flutter. She looked up at him, momentarily lost in thought.
"Yeah, come take a look."
Manfred walked over to her.
"Look at this flower. Feel it with your hand," Vivian said, pointing to a peony on the
back of the copper mirror.
###chapter1952
Manfred immediately placed his hand on the copper mirror. The outline of the peony flower appeared beneath his fingertips.
"There is a seal hidden in the outline of this peony. It's a blessing for anyone who possesses this copper mirror. Manfred, did you feel it? If you did, then you've received the blessing too," Vivian said.
Manfred nodded. "I felt it. The pattern is faint. If you don't touch it carefully, you won't notice."
With the naked eye, it was almost invisible. But a blessing...
If such blessings truly worked, he wished Vivian would like him. But he wondered if this copper mirror could make that happen.
He had never believed in the supernatural before. But ever since meeting Vivian, he started to wonder if the supernatural was just a figment of imagination.
He could allow himself to hope for such blessings, but he couldn't be too greedy.
"How come you're back so early today?" Vivian asked, pouring two cups of jasmine tea she had brewed that day.
Briarpatch didn't have much tea, but they had plenty of dried flowers. When the maid went to buy tea, they couldn't find any and instead brought back jasmine tea.
After a few tries, Vivian found she liked it-the delicate floral fragrance was refreshing.
Manfred naturally accepted a cup and took a few sips. "The new county magistrate arrived last night. I handled some handover tasks with him, and the rest of the minor things can be taken care of by others. We'll leave tomorrow."
Vivian was stunned. "So soon?"
"He rode fast and traveled overnight to arrive ahead of schedule, hoping to quickly understand the situation in Briarpatch. Now that he's here, if I stay, I'll only be holding him back. Leaving quickly shows trust and respect for him," Manfred explained patiently.
Vivian understood now. "I see."
Manfred's gaze returned to the copper mirror. "Have you seen your parents in the copper mirror these past few days?"
Vivian shook her head absentmindedly. "No, but I can feel them. They should be in Graystone."
She knew she would meet her parents this time, and after she met them, she and her parents would return home.
After that... perhaps she would never see Manfred again.
She hadn't told him that.
Manfred raised his eyes and stared deeply at Vivian. "Once you leave with them, will you ever come back?"
"To see me again," he thought.
Vivian's heart clenched suddenly, and tears welled up uncontrollably in her eyes. "I..."
"Don't cry. I'm just asking. I know you want to take your parents home. I understand."
Manfred lifted a hand to wipe away her tears. His fingertips were warm, but they trembled slightly.
Vivian couldn't give him an answer.
It was like an invisible barrier stood between them. They both knew it was there, but neither dared to break it.
At Graystone, days of relentless rain had cloaked the entire city in mist.
Inside a quiet mansion, midday rest had settled over the household.
Suddenly, Skylar jolted awake.
The moment she sat up, Joe stirred beside her.
"Bad dream?" Joe asked.
Skylar took in the antique
surroundings, realizing that she and Joe were still in this unfamiliar world. The memory of her dream made her heartbeat quicken uncontrollably. 
"I dreamt of Vivian again. She was crying so heartbreakingly, and Ic don't
know happened to her..
never
seen her cry like that before." 
Joe's expression darkened slightly. "Don't worry. No matter what happens, she'll get through it."
"That man... Manfred. Maybe he
really does know Vivian. But for years, no one we've sent has been able to get close to him. And no one has ever seen Vivian by his side. We don't even know if the person he met was really her." 
Skylar suddenly remembered meeting Manfred a few years ago.
###chapter1953
Joe pondered for a moment. "Over the years, we've gathered some information. His fiancée's last name is Martin, but only the people in his household have seen her. No one else has.
"Besides, despite his young age, he's incredibly shrewd and ruthless. A man like him wouldn't easily let others uncover his secrets.
"And as for the person who led him to us, we still haven't found a single clue. There's no way to confirm if she's really Vivian. If she were, she would have come to us without hesitation."
Skylar nodded slightly. "There's one more thing. If we were able to come to this place, then others might be able to as well. What worries me is that someone might use Manfred's identity to target us."
They weren't afraid of being targeted, but they couldn't let anything interfere with their way back home.
"In the past three years, he hasn't made any moves against us or tried to contact us again. Have you thought about going to Vlario to see for ourselves?" Joe asked gently.
Since arriving in this world, they had remained in Graystone.
Skylar had always believed that staying here was their best chance of returning home.
Graystone's environment suited them better. After all, they had traveled from another world, and their bodies differed slightly from the locals.
Fortunately, Skylar knew medicine and could also craft amulets for protection.
Her expression turned solemn as she hesitated. "I need to think this through. Leaving Graystone... is it worth it?"
"No rush. Even if we decide to go to Vlario to investigate, it doesn't have to be right away. Some things require careful planning,"
He didn't want Skylar to exhaust herself. Ever since they had arrived, she had suffered from occasional insomnia.
Skylar smiled. "You're right. There's no need to rush. I'll think about it more.
"By the way, when Manfred mentioned Vivian, there was something in his expression-something like affection. If the Vivian he spoke of is truly our Vivian,
then..."
"Having feelings for Vivian isn't surprising. But he and Vivian aren't suited for each other. Forget their personalities-they're from completely different worlds. Liking her means nothing," Joe cutan calmly. 
Besides, Vivian was still young.
Too young to be thinking about relationships.
That would just be childish.
Skylar said nothing more. She trusted her instincts, but this time, she hoped she was wrong.
She hoped that Vivian was really their Vivian. But she didn't want Vivian entangled with Manfred.
For Vivian, getting emotionally involved with him would only bring obstacles and heartbreak when it was time to leave.
A few days later, at the foot of a mist-covered mountain, a group of travelers paused at midday to rest.
After having a simple meal, Vivian and Manfred took a walk nearby. The mountain was intriguing.
Though they were clearly at its base,
Westward for a short distance unexpectedly led theel nes
the edge of a cliff. 
The recent streak of rainy weather had left the entire mountain
shrouded in mist, making it impossible to see how deep the cliff
truly was. The dense fog created an eerie illusion, making it seem bottomless. 
It felt as if one wrong step would send them plummeting to their doom.
Vivian wasn't afraid of heights. Yet, faced with the unknown depths before her, she instinctively took a step back.
"Scared?" Manfred asked softly, noticing her retreat.
###chapter1954
Vivian nodded. "Yeah, I'm afraid of falling."
The rain had just stopped, and the grass underfoot was slick. One careless step could send someone tumbling over the edge.
Manfred chuckled. "We passed by here earlier. There was no fog then, and you could see down. It's a massive abyss.
"This area is shaped like an oblong crater, and legend has it that it appeared out of nowhere about a hundred years ago. No one knows how deep it really is because no one's ever dared to find out."
"A crater?" Vivian's curiosity was piqued.
She wanted to hear more about it. They found a nearby spot to sit, and Manfred began telling her the story behind it.
It sounded almost like a myth.
Over a century ago, a monster was said to lurk in the nearby mountains. It frequently descended upon villages, preying on people and leaving destruction in its wake. The local authorities were powerless to stop it, so they had no choice but to evacuate the nearby settlements.
However, many people passed through this area, and without exception, they all became the monster's prey.
One day, a priest heard about the havoc and came to confront the monster.
During the battle to subdue the monster, the ground split open, creating this very crater. It was said that the monster was sealed beneath it, trapped by its immense depth, unable to escape and wreak havoc again.
Locals rarely dared to come near, fearing the monster might one day resurface.
"Do you believe in that story?" Vivian asked.
Manfred replied without hesitation, "Not at all."
Vivian laughed. "Same, it's just a story. There are many natural reasons why a crater like this could form. Of course, maybe monsters do exist, but if they do, I wouldn't find them scary.
"Sometimes, humans are worse. There are people out there with no conscience, no humanity-far more frightening than any creature."
Manfred frowned at her words. "Have you encountered someone like that?"
"No, I've been-tucky. Ever since I was little, I've been surrounded by people who treated me well. And even if someone had ill intentions toward me, my family always took care of them before they could do anything," Vivian said matter-of-factly. 
During college, she encountered people who tried to take advantage of her, but they always vanished without a trace. Some transferred schools, others dropped out, and a few never dared approach her again.
She knew it was all arranged by Paul under Joe's orders. Even after her parents disappeared, Paul and the others continued protecting her.
Her uncles and the others had their ways of protecting her. They thought they had kept everything discreet, but she was aware of it all.
There were times she didn't fully agree with their methods, but she understood they meant well. Given her age and limited experience, there were still many aspects of human nature and the dangers of the world that she couldn't fully grasp. 
Manfred felt reassured. "That's good."
As long as there was someone protecting her, he could have peace of mind. Even if he couldn't stay by her side in that world, she would still be safe. That was enough-there was nothing for him to worry about. 
Vivian glanced up at the sky. The clouds had thickened, casting a gray hue over the landscape.
"Should we keep moving?" she asked. It looked like it might rain again. Yesterday, someone from Briarpatch delivered a letter to Manfred, informing him that the rain had finally reached the town. After years without a single drop, this rainfall brought newfound hope to the people.
The entire town was celebrating.
Manfred had shared the news with her the moment he read it. She had been genuinely happy for them.
For those people, rain meant survival.
Manfred stood up and looked at her with deep, steady eyes. "Let's go. We still have a long way ahead."
###chapter1955
There were only seven or eight days left before they would reach Graystone.
As they got closer, a hint of greed crept into Manfred's heart.
Sometimes, twisted thoughts would surface. If he discarded the copper mirror, even if Vivian found her parents, she wouldn't be able to take them back with her.
She would have to return frequently. And if she did, he would get to see her again. The moment the thought emerged, it threatened to consume all reason. But the moment he looked at Vivian, it vanished just as quickly.
He could be ruthless, deceitful, and shameless with anyone else—but not with her.
Inside the carriage, Vivian could sense Manfred's silence. At first, she chose not to disturb him.
But when she saw he was stuck in that gloomy mood for too long, she finally asked, "Is something on your mind?"
Hearing her words, Manfred turned his gaze toward her. Vivian's clear, sincere eyes reflected nothing but genuine concern. Yet, under such a pure and unguarded gaze, Manfred found himself at a loss for words.
Their eyes met.
And in that moment, Vivian suddenly understood what was weighing on him. She fell silent too.
For a while, neither of them spoke.
That night, they stopped at an inn. Even then, neither spoke much.
Kemp and the others stood by quietly.
Seeing the two of them so silent, Kemp had countless questions running through his mind, but none of them made it past his lips.
For the past two days, both Manfred and Vivian seemed out of sorts. It was as if they each had something weighing on their minds.
Yet, it was obvious that Manfred still cared deeply about Vivian.
They had been under Kemp's watch almost the entire time, and there hadn't been
a single argument between them.
But if they hadn't fought, Kemp couldn't understand why they were so silent around each other.
He wondered if they were caught in an unspoken standoff.
It didn't make sense, especially since Manfred hadn't seen Vivian in years. He should be cherishing every moment they had together.
Kemp remembered how, more than three years ago, when Vivian left and they returned to Vlario, Alger had met with Manfred. With a serious tone, he had told him that Vivian never truly belonged in their world and that her departure was
inévitable. 
He also advised Manfred not to harbor any lingering desires. Sometimes, letting
go was the best way to honor each other.
At the time, Kemp hadn't understood
it, and even now, he still didn't fully get it. What he did remember was how Manfred had been quiet for a long time, from dawn until well past midnight. 
Now, seeing them both silent, he couldn't help but wonder what had changed.
This inn was interesting.
It was built on top of a hot spring. Every room on the first floor had access to a private natural hot spring, offering both privacy and the comfort of relaxing in the spring.
Vivian was thrilled when she saw the
hot spring. She immediately ran to Manfred, staying in the adjacent room, and exclaimed, "Manfred,
there's a hot spring in our room. This inn is incredible!" 
After the long journey by carriage, a soak in the hot spring would be the perfect way to relax. It was such an unexpected delight.
She hadn't expected to find such a special inn in a small town like this. Although the inn looked ordinary from the outside, it was a hidden gem inside.
Manfred smiled when he saw Vivian's excitement. "It is rare to find a hot spring inn like this. If I had known you liked it, we could have stayed in a place like this last night."
###chapter1956
There were several towns nearby with natural hot springs.
Many inns were built around them, so for the locals, this kind of establishment wasn't anything special.
"It's nice that we're staying here tonight. You can soak in the hot spring, and I'm sure you'll sleep well after," Vivian said, her voice filled with anticipation.
Manfred couldn't help but be influenced by her good mood. A faint smile appeared in his eyes.
"Alright, I'll take a soak too. Our rooms are close, so if you want to talk, just lean against the wall on your side."
Vivian's eyes lit up. She hadn't noticed before, but the inn wasn't built with bricks and tiles. Instead, it was made of wood and bamboo, making the walls thin and not very soundproof.
If she spoke while leaning against the wall, Manfred would hear her.
She grinned. "Alright."
She then returned to her room and set down her belongings.
After picking out clean clothes, she undressed and stepped into the hot spring.
The soaking pool wasn't large-smaller than the bathtub at her home. It could only fit one person lying down. Soon, the warmth of the hot spring seeped into her skin.
She let out a long, satisfied sigh. "This feels amazing. Manfred, are you in the water yet?"
A low hum of acknowledgment came from the next room. Then Manfred's voice followed. "You shouldn't soak too long. Around 30 minutes is enough."
"Got it. Manfred, do they have outdoor hot springs here? I once soaked in a hot spring while it was snowing. It was such a romantic experience. If we ever get the chance, I'd love to take you-"
Her words cut off abruptly.
She had almost said she would take him to experience it, but it seemed that chance would never come.
Manfred, leaning against the edge of his soaking pool, also caught the unfinished thought in her sentence. His gaze darkened slightly, and he said slowly, "Vlario has hot springs too, including outdoor ones. When it snows in winter, people go there to soak. I've never been, but after hearing you talk about it, I might give it a try someday."
"Vlario has them too?" Vivian was surprised.
Manfred chuckled. "Yes, they've always been there. Actually, this hot spring
resort is my grandfathet
business. I can go there anytime." 
Vivian grinned. "Then you have to go."
The conversation drifted from one topic to another. Before they knew it, 30 minutes had passed.
Vivian felt a deep drowsiness settle over her.
Climbing out of the hot spring, she quickly dried off and changed into fresh clothes.
As she lay down on the bed, she turned toward the wall and murmured, "Goodnight, Manfred."
He probably couldn't hear her from the other room. But she wanted to say it anyway. There might not be many more chances like this.
Time was slipping away too fast. Soon, they would reach Hubril.
Meanwhile, Manfred lay in bed, staring at the ceiling. His thoughts were unreadable, lingering in the quiet night. He remained like that for a long time before finally closing his eyes and falling asleep past O
midnight. 
?
Just before dawn, Vivian hovered between dreams and wakefulness when she
suddenly heard someone calling her.
"Vivian."
"Vivian."
Her eyes snapped open.
But she wasn't sure if she was still dreaming or if she had already woken up—
standing before her was Viola.
"Is that really you?" she asked.
Viola looked at her with a gentle
ather
smile and nodded slightly before
speaking in a soft voice, "Vivian, I've come back to see you this time because I have a question-a choice for you to make. Would you be
willing to decide?" 
"A choice?" Vivian frowned in confusion.
She had known Viola for years, but the old woman had never asked her to make a
choice before.
###chapter1957
Viola didn't give Vivian much time to think. She said gently, "You have two choices. The first is to send your parents back while you stay here with Manfred. The second is to leave with them and never see Manfred again."
Upon hearing her words, Vivian's face turned pale.
She stared at the familiar old woman before her, but not a single word came out. She had never faced a choice this difficult before.
Seeing her hesitation, Viola smiled, her voice even softer. "No rush. You can take your time. I'll come back before you reach Graystone, and then you can give me your final decision."
Then, as suddenly as she had appeared, Viola vanished.
The mist that had surrounded her moments ago also faded without a trace.
Looking around at the inn, Vivian knew that what she had just experienced was real.
Meanwhile, in the room next door, Manfred hovered between wakefulness and sleep when he saw an elderly woman with silver hair too.
She asked, "Do you want Vivian to stay? If you agree to one condition, I can make her forget everything and stay with you forever."
His voice trembled as he asked, "Forget everything? Everything from her world? Would she truly be willing to stay? And... does she have feelings for me?"
One question after another spilled from his lips.
Viola looked at Manfred and shook her head with a smile. "You can't be too greedy. Just tell me do you want her to stay?"
The word "yes" almost slipped out.
But if the price of keeping her was erasing all her memories, then he couldn't go through with it.
He could betray anyone, but he could never betray Vivian.
Seeing his silence, Viola chuckled again. "No need to rush. Take a few days to
think about it. If you decide you want her to stay, I'll know."
Viola vanished before Manfred could say another word.
His eyes snapped open.
The dimly lit room around him looked the same as before, as if everything he had just seen had been nothing but a dream.
"It must have been a dream," he murmured.
Pressing a hand to his aching forehead, he turned his gaze toward the window.
They were drawing closer to Graystone.
Over the past two days, letters from Graystone had arrived. That couple seemed to be preparing to leave, but
he had already sent people
IMS
them. 
He didn't want Vivian to be disappointed.
She needed to see them.
stop
The next morning, both Vivian and Manfred woke up late.
After breakfast, the group set out on the road again.
The weather had finally cleared, revealing a bright blue sky with soft, drifting clouds.
They moved forward, bathed in sunlight.
Both Vivian and Manfred were in
good spirits today. The heavy
Vel
atmosphere from the past two days had lifted, and they talked easily along the way. 
Manfred shared stories of
past
that had happened in the
years. In return, Vivian told
him about the modern world and the things that fascinated him the most.
They talked from morning until night. Then, the next day, they continued their
conversation, speaking from dawn until dusk.
Unknowingly, two more days passed.
###chapter1958
The day before Manfred and Vivian reached Graystone, they found themselves stranded on the main road.
Due to several days of continuous rain, a significant amount of rocks and debris had fallen down from the mountain, blocking the road. At the moment, this was the only road passable.
The local authorities had already started clearing the way, but it would take time. Manfred left a few of his men behind to assist with the cleanup while the rest of the group made their way to a nearby village to rest.
Manfred had already sent word ahead to the villagers, arranging for any vacant houses to accommodate them temporarily.
Vivian, curious about the village built against the mountainside, decided to explore.
After settling in, she wandered around the village while Manfred stayed behind to handle urgent matters after receiving a letter.
Kemp accompanied Vivian on her walk.
Kemp pointed toward a river not far away and said to Vivian, "Ms. Martin, there's a river over there. It looks like a lot of villagers are washing clothes by the shore."
Vivian followed his gaze and indeed spotted a winding river ahead. "Let's go take a look."
"Yes, Ms. Martin."
Kemp walked beside her, his sharp eyes scanning the surroundings. The chances of encountering bandits were slim, but his duty was to protect her at all costs.
As they neared the river, they overheard the villagers chatting as they did their laundry.
"I heard Sean's eldest daughter is marrying a blacksmith from Graystone. They said he's skilled, runs a good business, and even owns a big house in town with several maids. That girl is really lucky."
"She sure is. A good match like that is hard to come by. But Sean's eldest daughter is beautiful too. They say the blacksmith fell for her at first sight."
"By the way, Mabel, isn't your brother a deputy general in the Holland troop? I even heard rumors you were supposed to marry Mr. Atkinson in Vlario. What brings you to a quiet, remote village like ours?"
Some time ago, Mabel arrived at the Lynch Residence in their village. The Lynches were one of the most prominent families in the area,
largely due to the fact that oneel.
their own held an official position in Vlario. 
From the moment Mabel arrived, she carried herself with an air of superiority, making no effort to blend in with the village women.
Whenever she heard someone talking about a good marriage, she would scoff in disdain, insisting that she was destined to marry Manfred.
As she scrubbed laundry by the river, her frustration simmered. No matter how many letters she had sent to Cody in the past few days, he had not replied.
Worse yet, he had refused to let her return to Vlario, leaving her stranded in this wretched countryside. Now, she even had to wash her clothes-something she hadn't done in years.
The people here were so narrow-minded. To them, marrying a blacksmith was considered a great match-how utterly ridiculous. Just the thought of it made her feel embarrassed for them.
Worse still some of the local men dared to think they had a chance with her the sheer nerve of them.
They had no sense of their worth, blindly assuming they could ever be worthy of someone like her 
Hearing the woman's words, Mabel let out a cold scoff. "That's right. I'm going to marry Mr. Atkinson. You've never seen him, so you wouldn't know how perfect he
is.
"There isn't a single man in this world who can compare to him. And unlike other men, he doesn't even keep a mistress. If I'm going to marry, it has to be to a man like him."
"But I heard that Mr. Atkinson already has a fiancée. You're not thinking of becoming his mistress, are you?" the woman said, eyeing Mabel with disdain.
Mabel's expression darkened. She bit her lip, her thoughts immediately shifting to Vivian.
The reason she was sent here was because of Vivian. If it hadn't been for Vivian going to Briarpatch, she
and Manfred might have alre she
developed feelings for each other over time. It was all Vivian's fault that her romantic prospects were ruined. 
Seeing Mabel's silence, the woman let out a laugh. "You're not seriously daydreaming about this, are you? I once dreamt I was a queen. Look how that turned out!"
She burst into laughter.
Kemp immediately looked at Vivian. That was quite a coincidence.
Mabel had been sent to this village, of all places. They had only been resting here
for a short while, and now they had run into her, overhearing her spout her delusions right there.
###chapter1959
Kemp had no idea how shameless Mabel could be. She dared to speak of marrying Manfred.
With the way Manfred had been behaving lately, Kemp wondered if Mabel was truly blind to it.
"Mr. Atkinson probably doesn't even remember her name. I can vouch for it—Mr. Atkinson only has eyes for you, Ms. Martin," Kemp said quickly.
Vivian paused for a moment, then shook her head. "It's fine."
When she saw Mabel again, she was indeed surprised. But the surprise was quickly replaced by a sense of pity.
Mabel snapped, enraged by the woman's words, "What do you know? You'll never meet Mr. Atkinson in your life, but the bond I have with him is something you could never even imagine. I'll be back in Vlario soon, and once I marry Mr. Atkinson, all you'll have left to do is envy me!"
She spoke with such arrogance, as though it were a certainty. She acted as if she would really return to Vlario and marry Manfred.
Mabel still believed her stay here was just temporary. Cody doted on her so much, and soon Manfred would realize that Vivian was nothing but a seductress and then remember Mabel.
She was sure she held a special place in Manfred's heart.
After all, Manfred would never be tricked by that seductress for long.
Kemp couldn't hold it in any longer and scoffed. "Mabel, when will you wake up? Who gave you the right to slander Mr. Atkinson like this? When did Mr. Atkinson ever have feelings for you?"
If Mabel truly understood, she wouldn't be spreading such nonsense, trying to tarnish Manfred's reputation.
A few people washing clothes by the river heard a man's voice and quickly turned around.
They froze when they saw Kemp standing there. He was handsome and poised, his presence commanding, and his gaze as he looked at Mabel was chilling.
The woman beside him was even more striking, resembling a fairy being straight out of a painting. They had never seen anything so beautiful before.
The others were left in awe and curiosity, while Mabel was completely startled.
She stared in disbelief at Vivian and Kemp, never expecting to see them here. In this remote, far-flung village, so far from Vlario, of all places.
"You... You two... How could it be you two? How are you here?" Mabel stammered, panic evident in her voice.
Vivian noticed Mabel's flustered expression but felt little sympathy. It was a shame she wouldn't witness Mabel's embarrassment once her lies were exposed.
"Mabel, you have some nerve! Come with me now to meet Mr. Atkinson!" Kemp was truly enraged by Mabel's shamelessness.
He had initially thought that when Mabel was slapped by Cody back in Briarpatch, she would come to her senses, but now it was clear she
was still far from it. 
Mabel's face paled as she stammered, "Mr. Atkinson... Mr. Atkinson is here too?"
"What? Mr. Atkinson?"
"Then who is this woman? Could she be Mr. Atkinson's fiancee?"
"Definitely! She looks like a fairy. I've never seen anyone so beautiful! And she's clearly from a prestigious background-nothing like Mabel. Look at Mabel now, completely humiliated. How could Mr. Atkinson ever like her?" 
"Exactly! For the past few days, Mabel has been looking down on the girls in our village, saying that none of them can compare to her. She'd criticize everyone's marriage prospects, acting like her future husband was Mr. Atkinson, Well, look at this now. Mr. Atkinson's fiancée is here! Let's see how she tries to explain herself now." 
Several women chattered among themselves.
If Mabel hadn't been so arrogant and dismissive of the villagers lately, they
wouldn't have turned on her like this.
###chapter1960
Mabel's face turned crimson with embarrassment as she angrily yelled at the women, "You... what do you know?"
"We don't know as much as you, but at least we don't daydream and spot nonsense!"
"Exactly! We're just honest, hard-working folks who worry about everyday things like food and bills. We're not like you, with your mind full of dreams and fantasies."
"You all!" Mabel was furious and pulled out the whip at her waist, raising it as if she were about to lash out at the women.
Her intimidating stance was certainly terrifying. The women, who had never seen anything like this before, were immediately frightened.
Vivian furrowed her brow. She had initially felt a twinge of pity for Mabel, who seemed almost obsessed with a man to the point of madness.
But now, seeing this outburst, she couldn't help but feel that a person who acted this way must have something utterly detestable about them.
Vivian glanced at Kemp. "Don't let her hurt anyone."
Kemp immediately moved forward. As a member of the shadow guard, his aura radiated an almost lethal presence.
Although Mabel had often interacted with soldiers in the past, facing a shadow guard with such a deadly aura up close still terrified her.
Biting her lip, Mabel muttered with frustration, "Kemp, we've known each other for so long. Are you going to make me embarrass myself?
"You saw how Mr. Atkinson treated me differently on our way to Briarpatch. If it weren't for her, I would have already married Mr. Atkinson."
She shot Vivian a venomous look, filled with jealousy and resentment.
"Mabel, I know you're a smart person. Why deceive yourself?" Vivian said, her voice calm yet carrying an unmistakable chill.
Mabel's face darkened, and she clearly felt the sting of embarrassment. She couldn't bring herself to meet Vivian's gaze, so she awkwardly shifted her eyes to Kemp.
"Mr. Atkinson is here, right? Take me to him. I need to speak with him directly."
She couldn't humiliate herself in front of these women. If she did, they would never stop gossiping about her.
She thought of herself as being far superior to these countryfolk.
"Mr. Atkinson won't want to meet with you. You should think carefully," Kemp replied coldly.
Mabel felt the heat of shame rising in her face.
The group of gossiping women had already started muttering about her, calling her delusional and foolish. They even compared her to Vivian.
Though Mabel didn't want to admit it, she had to acknowledge that Vivian was indeed more beautiful than she was.
She took a deep breath and then turned to Vivian. "Since you're so confident that Mr. Atkinson doesn't like me, you should have no problem letting me meet him, right? If you refuse, it means you lack
confidence. It also means you must have your hidden agenda in getting close to Mr. Atkinson." 
"Ridiculous!" Kemp snapped angrily.
Just as Vivian was about to speak, a cold, piercing voice came from behind them. "Who wants to meet me?"
Mabel turned around quickly, and there stood Manfred, his gaze so cold and murderous it made her stumble backward in fear.
Cody had warned her that Manfred was ruthless, but she had always foolishly believed her relationship with him was different. She thought he would never be as harsh with her as he was with others.
But now, Manfred's gaze toward her was as chilling as that of someone looking at
a dead body.
"Mr. Atkinson..."
Manfred walked over to Vivian's side.
As they stood together, the crowd fell into stunned silence. It was as though they were witnessing a perfect match, like a scene straight out of a painting. 
###chapter1961
The women by the river were stunned when they heard Mabel's words. They wondered if the man standing before them was none other than Manfred.
Their confusion lasted only a moment, and soon after, they got their answer. From Mabel's horrified expression, it was clear. This man was indeed Manfred. They then looked at the woman standing beside him. The two of them looked so perfectly matched as if they were made for each other.
Moreover, Manfred's cold demeanor confirmed their suspicions. It was clear that he didn't like Mabel at all. She had been delusional to think otherwise.
Mabel had even shamelessly used Manfred to mock their ignorance as if she were trying to make fools of them.
It was truly unbelievable.
Although Mabel was terrified, her eyes still burned with a fanatical obsession.
"Mr. Atkinson, do you have feelings for me? I am willing to be your mistress, just to stay by your side. Even if it means being a mistress, I am more than willing because I know you care for me."
Her words were filled with passion.
Vivian's expression remained unchanged.
However, Manfred's gaze turned icy cold. "Who gave you the courage to speak such nonsense in front of me? Do you know the consequences of attempting to ruin my reputation?"
His two questions struck like thunder, causing Mabel's face to drain of all color. She stared at Manfred in disbelief.
"I... I..."
She couldn't understand why Manfred didn't like her, and she refused to believe it.
She had been so devoted to him, traveling from Vlario to Briarpatch just to be close to him.
Now, she was placed in this poor, remote area, and yet, he didn't care for her at all.
"Take her to Lynch Residence. I want them to discipline her properly." Manfred immediately instructed Kemp.
Kemp immediately acknowledged the order and moved toward Mabel.
Mabel took several steps back, her eyes still filled with disbelief as she looked at Manfred. "Mr. Atkinson, I don't believe it.
"I don't believe you've never had feelings for me. Is it because of that woman? Did she say bad things about me to turn you against me?"
She turned to glare at Vivian. "You're nothing but a seductress! Do you even realize you've ruined me? Do you think Mr. Atkinson will always like you? He won't. Once he sees that all you have is a face like a seductress, but a truly ugly heart, he will despise you!" 
One of the women nearby couldn't hold back any longer and retorted, "Stop talking nonsense! They say a person's appearance reflects their heart. We all heard Mr. Atkinson's words loud and clear-he never liked you! s?novel
"You've just been fooling yourself! Mr. Atkinson's fiancée hasn't even bothered to speak to you. It's clear she doesn't want to waste time with someone like you!"
Other voices quickly joined in. "You've looked down on us for so long, and yet, you're the pathetic one. Living in a fantasy world, what a joke!"
"She's completely lost it! Think about it-how big is her ego to say Mr. Atkinson liked her? What a ridiculous delusion! Her relatives should discipline her and keep her from embarrassing herself further."
Mabel's face turned bright red. "You... What do you know?"
Kemp didn't want to listen to another word. He swiftly grabbed Mabel and began leading her away.
Mabel struggled, unwilling to leave. "No, Vivian, you must tell the truth! Did you have an ulterior motive for getting close to Mr. Atkinson? Mr. Atkinson, please don't believe her!"
Vivian suddenly walked toward Mabel.
Mabel hadn't expected Vivian to approach so suddenly and stared at her in surprise.
"You... You think just because Mr. Atkinson likes you now, you can do whatever you want?" She gritted her teeth, her eyes filled with jealousy as she spat out.
Vivian remained unfazed. "Do you
really know how Manfred and I met? You've only seen me twice, yet you're already making baseless accusations. Mabel, I thought you were just foolish, but now I realize you're utterly ridiculous. I can't even be bothered to argue with you." 
"Vivian." Manfred's voice was calm but protective as he walked over to her side.
His gaze toward Mabel was colder and even more filled with malice than before.
Mabel was immediately frightened into silence.
Then, she suddenly became aware of her situation. She felt like nothing more than a fool now.
###chapter1962
Mabel had done something that made everyone dislike her. Kemp used force to take the dazed Mabel away.
When Mabel seemed to have understood everything, Vivian's expression softened a bit.
She then continued her walk along the riverbank with Manfred. They quickly put the little incident behind them.
The village was peaceful, and the air was fresh.
A light breeze brushed against Vivian's face, bringing a rare sense of tranquility.
After about an hour, the blocked road had been cleared, and they could continue their journey.
It would still take some time, but they could rest for the night in a town near Graystone. Tomorrow, after traveling most of the day, they would be close to their destination.
The carriage swayed gently, but Vivian didn't feel tired.
However, she was weighed down by heavy thoughts.
"Something on your mind?" Manfred asked.
Vivian nodded slightly, glancing at him before looking down again. "I'm not sure if
that couple is my parents."
Moreover, Viola had given her two choices, and she was hesitant.
"Should I stay?" she thought.
But she knew very well that staying in this unfamiliar, rigid society wouldn't guarantee that love would last forever.
Leaving, she had feelings for Manfred and would feel reluctant to part.
"Don't worry. Whether they're your parents or not, I'll stay by your side," Manfred said, his tone firm and comforting.
His words gave Vivian a sense of security.
Her eyes brimmed with tears, and her nose tingled with emotion. She t back the urge to cry, nodding y in response.
belongs
Soon, the night fell, and as they had originally planned, they arrived at the inn.
That night, they had a simple bolognese pasta dinner. Afterward, Vivian washed up and went to bed.
In the middle of the night, half-dreaming and half-waking, Vivian heard Viola's voice calling her name.
"Vivian..."
Her lashes fluttered, and she slowly opened her eyes.
She looked over and saw Viola sitting beside her, watching her intently.
It immediately dawned on Vivian what Viola's purpose was for appearing once again.
"Vivian, have you made your decision?" Viola asked gently.
Vivian's face turned pale as she slowly shook her head. "I don't want to choose."
"Silly girl, you
too on cenou can't be greedy. Just
being here is already rare enough et
You must make a choice." Viola's
è had grown firm. 
Vivian took a deep breath, her mind filled with images of her parents,
Other, and uncles. She
accept never seeing them again in this life. 
But...
Manfred...
She might never see him again.
Just as she was about to speak her decision, Viola interrupted.
###chapter1963
Viola said, "It seems you've already made your decision."
Vivian took a deep breath.
Viola smiled gently and, without waiting for Vivian to respond, vanished immediately.
Staring at the space before her, Vivian felt a momentary sense of disorientation.
Suddenly, she wasn't sure if what she had just seen was really Viola. Or if it was just a product of her thoughts, a dream born from the day's worries, blurring the lines between reality and imagination.
As she struggled to separate reality from dream, her attention was drawn to the faint glow coming from the bundle on the table. She quickly got out of bed and walked over to it.
When the bundle was opened, a faint glow started emanating from the copper mirror inside. Without the fabric to shield it, the light from the copper mirror became almost blinding.
She squinted her eyes. "What's going on with the copper mirror?"
She reached out and touched the surface of the copper mirror. To her surprise, the mirror felt warm to the touch.
But the warmth was fleeting, and within moments, it returned to its usual coolness. As she remained filled with doubt, she suddenly saw two figures in the copper mirror. It was her parents, the ones she had missed so much.
"Dad, Mom!" She clutched the copper mirror tightly, speaking in a rush.
The two figures in the copper mirror were sleeping. Her parents had always had a deep, loving bond, and even while asleep, her father would hold her mother close. Seeing them, tears streamed down her face. "Mom, Dad, I'll be seeing you soon." The two people who had been sound asleep seemed to have heard her voice. First, Skylar woke up, her eyes barely open as she glanced around the room.
Then, Joe stirred, also looking around, trying to make sense of the unfamiliar surroundings.
The night was still dark, and the room was dimly lit, making it hard for them to see anything.
"Did you hear that? I think I heard Vivian calling us," Skylar asked Joe.
"I heard it too," Joe replied.
It had been years since they last heard Vivian's voice.
Vivian could see them in the copper mirror, but she couldn't hear them speak.
Desperate, she called out again, "Mom, Dad, it's me, Vivian, your daughter. I'm coming to find you."
"Vivian?" Skylar quickly got out of bed.
She looked around, scanning the room. She had heard it clearly.
Joe also got up quickly. "Did Vivian speak again?"
He didn't hear anything, but seeing Skylar's reaction, he knew that Vivian must have spoken.
Vivian realized that Skylar could hear her and was looking for her, so she quickly spoke to the copper mirror again, "Mom, it's me. I'll be in Graystone soon!" 
But the moment she said the word "Mom", their figures in the copper mirror vanished, and her last words seemed to have not gone through.
As the figures of her parents disappeared, the light in the copper mirror faded, returning to its usual state.
She sat down, her heart racing with excitement.
Every time her parents' figures
appeared i
could
in the copper mirror,
speak to them. While
sway bet
couldn't hear them, they hear
her. 
This meant that even if she couldn't find them in Graystone right away, she could
still contact them through the copper mirror.
...
Skylar, bursting with emotion,
hugged Joe tightly. "I heard Vivian's
voice just now! She said she's
coming to find us. My intuition was right. Vivian is on her way. 
Joe, equally excited, kissed Skylar. "Let's stay in Graystone and wait for her to
find us."
###chapter1964
If it hadn't been for hearing Vivian's voice tonight, they would have probably left Graystone the next day.
Over the past few days, they had discovered someone was secretly monitoring their every move. They were not from this time and didn't want to attract attention or be watched.
To their surprise, Vivian sent them news just the day before they were about to leave Graystone.
It was as if fate had intervened.
Skylar agreed with Joe's decision. "Vivian said she's coming to find us, so she must know we're in Graystone. Although we're not sure if she learned about us through Manfred, we can wait a little longer."
The thought of seeing their daughter after so many years stirred up both excitement and complex emotions in Skylar.
"But how did Vivian end up here?" Joe calmed down after his initial excitement.
Skylar furrowed her brow and shook her head, her expression serious. "Until we see Vivian in person, it's hard to guess. I can't figure it out either."
"Could it be the copper mirror we've been searching for? Maybe Vivian was able to find us because of the copper mirror?" Joe speculated.
Skylar nodded slightly. "That's possible."
They had tried every method they could think of over the years to find the copper mirror after realizing it could bring them home, but all their efforts had been in vain.
Although many people had brought various copper mirrors to them, none of them were the ones they needed. Perhaps the mirror they had been desperately searching for was now in Vivian's hands.
"There's only a couple of hours before dawn. Let's go back to sleep. Things will sort themselves out. We'll know the answer soon enough," Joe said calmly.
Skylar smiled and nodded again. "Alright, let's sleep."
After Vivian carefully packed the copper mirror back into her bag, she didn't return to bed.
She had lost all sense of sleepiness.
First, she had seen Viola and then her parents. There was no way she could settle her mind now.
She knew that once she arrived in Graystone tomorrow, some things would finally be settled.
She and Manfred... they would never meet again.
Thinking about this, Vivian felt a sharp pain in her chest. The pain was so intense that it made it hard to breathe.
"I'm sorry, Manfred. I love you, but I can't give up everything to stay."
She whispered, "I'm sorry."
She knew Manfred loved her too.
Otherwise, he wouldn't have toldet
everyone she was his fiancée, nor would he have remained alone all these years. 
She had always known. She just never wanted to face it.
Two hours later, the first light of dawn crept over the horizon.
As the golden rays slipped into the inn, Manfred opened his eyes. He had ju sat up when he suddenly noticed a figure standing by the window. 
An elderly woman with silver hair.
He had seen her many times before.
"It's you," he said in a low voice.
"You're arriving in Graystone today. Have you made up your mind?" Viola didn't
turn around, but she already knew he was awake.
Manfred's chest tightened at her words.
She waited for a moment, but when he didn't answer, she finally turned to look at him.
A warm, gentle smile graced her face. "Follow your heart. Don't think about the consequences. Just tell me do you want her to stay?"
These words were too tempting.
No need to worry about any consequences-just follow his heart.
Manfred felt his heartbeat quickening, growing out of control. Even his breathing seemed to stop as he clearly heard the sound of his own heartbeat. 
###chapter1965
But soon, Manfred's heartbeat steadied. He answered in a low voice, "I want her to be happy. So, I will let her return with her parents to the world where she belongs to fulfill her dreams."
This answer surprised Viola, who was standing in front of him.
"Are you truly willing to let her go?" she asked again.
This time, Manfred didn't hesitate. "Yes."
Viola frowned, disbelief flickering in her eyes. She had never expected Manfred to let Vivian go. After all, for these past few years, Manfred had only ever had eyes for Vivian and had not been interested in anyone else.
Manfred was known for his ruthlessness in pursuing his goals, but when it came to Vivian, he unexpectedly chose to let her go. Viola was surprised by his decision, not anticipating he would release her so easily after all this time.
Manfred noticed that the old woman hadn't disappeared after hearing his answer. Suspicion crept into his heart. "Who exactly are you?"
Viola took a step back. Then, she let out three loud laughs.
"If you've made your decision, don't regret it!" With those final words, she
vanished before his eyes.
Manfred stared at the empty space where she had stood, his confusion lingering.
The sun had fully risen.
Vivian barely slept through the night, yet she wasn't tired.
After breakfast, she got into the carriage and took some medicine.
Perhaps it was because of the lack of sleep, but her body felt slightly off. The medicine helped ease some of the fatigue.
"We'll arrive in Graystone by this afternoon," Manfred said gently, watching her weary expression.
He could guess that she hadn't slept well the previous night. Neither had he.
By the time they reached Graystone, if the couple they were meeting turned out to be her parents, today might be the day they parted ways forever.
Vivian's eyes were slightly red, but she smiled faintly and hummed in response.
"If you're tired, take a nap. I'll wake you when we reach Graystone," Manfred said softly.
Vivian looked at him intently, unable to say a word. She simply nodded, then closed her eyes.
But she couldn't fall asleep. Her mind replayed the memories of how she and Manfred had met.
As the carriage moved faster, the weight of her reluctance to part from him grew heavier. But eventually, exhaustion took over.
et el
In her half awake state, she felt someone gently smooth the furrow in her brow. Then a soft voice whispered in her ear, "Just meeting you is enough." 
She didn't know how long she had slept.
The carriage suddenly stopped. There were sounds coming from outside the
carriage, with several people talking.
Vivian slowly opened her eyes.
"Awake?" Manfred looked at her.
Still a little dazed, Vivian met his gaze and slowly nodded. "Have we reached Graystone?"
"Just arrived. We're waiting in line for inspection," he replied.
Vivian was familiar with the process. Soldiers conducted inspections
every city entrance and exit oneret
journey from Hubril. 
She lifted the curtain of the carriage and looked ahead. There weren't many people or carriages in line, so it wouldn't take long before they could enter the city. fo 
"Are you hungry?" Manfred asked.
She shook her head. "I'm not hungry. Did you eat?"
She realized she had slept for several hours, and it was probably past lunch by
now. She wasn't sure if he had eaten.
"I've eaten," he said.
Vivian felt relieved.
Then, they both looked at each other in silence for a long time. Vivian didn't know
what to say either.
###chapter1966
Vivian clearly had so much she wanted to say to Manfred once they arrived in Graystone, but looking at Manfred, who had been so dedicated and kind to her, all the words she had seemed to vanish.
The more she thought about it, the more she feared that speaking too much might deepen their entanglement. So, she could only shift her gaze, looking outside the carriage.
She observed the bustling crowd, feeling the vibrant energy of the marketplace.
However, Manfred's eyes were fixed intently on Vivian.
Once they passed through the inspection and entered the city, he suddenly spoke, "After you return, will you remember me?"
Vivian froze for a moment.
She turned to look at him.
"Yes, I will remember you. Manfred, it's my luck in this life to have met you."
Her words were sincere. She would remember him. She would remember him forever.
Because she knew he might be the only person who had ever truly captured her heart in this lifetime.
Manfred smiled, his eyes seeming to light up like a burst of fireworks. "I will too. Meeting you is a blessing in my life."
Two hours later, Joe was busy with the accounts at the silk shop while the other managers nervously waited by his side.
Meanwhile, Skylar was inspecting finished products in the embroidery room.
Today was the delivery day, and both of them had their hands full. Over the years, their silk shop had grown into the largest in Graystone.
They had become incredibly successful, making a fortune day by day. On this particular day, everyone was working hard in their respective roles.
As the sun was about to set, the peace was suddenly interrupted.
"Mr. Martin, Mrs. Martin! A man who claims to be Manfred Atkinson wishes to see you both!"
Over the past few years, Manfred had become quite well-known.
Even though Graystone was far from Vlario, rumors about Manfred had still managed to reach there. Both Skylar and Joe were commoners, so it was strange that such a high-ranking nobleman would suddenly seek them out. 
However, the maid recalled something-Manfred had visited their silk shop a few years ago.
Skylar and Joe immediately put down everything they were doing and made their way to the courtyard. They exchanged a look from a distance.
Both of them had seen their fair share of challenges, but now, their eyes sparkled with excitement.
The arrival of Manfred meant that Vivian might be here as well.
"Take him to Willow Hall," Joe instructed in a deep voice.
...
After Vivian and Manfred arrived at the silk shop, they were led to Willow Hall.
She sat down and couldn't help but gaze at the decor of the room. It was clear that every corner of the silk shophad been arranged with great attention to detail. fo 
Even this very room had been carefully designed with purpose. Some of the decorative items were rare antiques, truly remarkable pieces.
The more Vivian looked, the more excited she became. She realized that this must have been her mother's work.
Skylar was incredibly talented, not
only in design and antique
ling
identification but also in dealing with negative items and metaphysical matters. Few could match her skills. 
Skylar's talent in restoring antiques was something Vivian always admired. Even
now, she felt that she had only scratched the surface of those skills.
Manfred sat nearby, watching as Vivian's eyes glistened with emotion as she admired everything around her.
His heart ached as he thought, "Could this couple really be Vivian's parents?"
In the next moment, his question was answered. As Skylar and Joe entered the room, Vivian jumped up and ran toward them. "Dad, Mom!"
"Vivian!"
The family was reunited after a long separation, embracing each other warmly.
###chapter1967
Manfred watched the scene unfold in front of him, his complexion slowly losing its color. But soon, he managed to put on a smile.
He couldn't experience his parents' love, but Vivian could, and he was content with that.
For a moment, it felt as though he was an outsider looking in. He couldn't quite catch the words spoken by the family of three.
He was lost in thought until the buzzing in his ears faded, and eventually, he was able to hear their conversation.
"Ah, I see now. No wonder you were able to find us," Skylar said with a tone of amazement.
She hadn't realized that the reason Vivian could come to this world and find them was because of Manfred.
Joe, who had been cautious of Manfred at first, now had a more favorable impression after hearing Vivian's description. He turned to Manfred and said, "Thank you for taking such good care of Vivian."
Manfred stood up and immediately nodded respectfully toward Joe. "Vivian is my savior," he said earnestly.
Vivian quickly interjected, "I didn't do much. It was nothing."
They had helped each other. Their eyes met for a moment, but out of respect for the others present, they quickly turned their gaze elsewhere.
Skylar and Joe exchanged a knowing glance. They could tell there was something more between Vivian and Manfred.
With the information they had now, it was almost certain that the two had feelings for each other. Manfred had even publicly declared Vivian as his fiancée.
"I've ordered dinner to be prepared. Let's talk more when we sit down to eat," Skylar said, breaking the silence.
Manfred nodded in agreement.
After the initial excitement, Vivian noticed that Manfred's mood seemed a little lower.
But...
"Mr. Atkinson, would you mind taking a walk with me?" Joe asked.
Of course, Manfred couldn't refuse.
Though he longed to stay by Vivian's side and cherish every moment with her, he
knew that her father had something to discuss with him.
After Manfred and Joe left Willow Hall, Vivian finally withdrew her gaze.
"Vivian."
Vivian absentmindedly murmured in response, "Mom."
Skylar spoke again, "Bring me the copper mirror. Let me have a look at it."
Vivian quickly returned to her senses. "Ah, right. I almost forgot about the copper mirror."
She immediately began searching
through the bundle she had brought with her. As she rummaged, she spoke, "While you and Dad were away Grandma and all of my uncle's had been trying to find a way to bring you back. 
"And the fact that I could travel
ct that
across time to find you... well, only Uncle Harvey and Mr. Ziegler know about that time here works differently. What might have passed as a few days for us there could have been years here..." 
Skylar had never really thought about time until Vivian mentioned it.
After hearing Vivian's words, she realized the time discrepancy. She and Joe had been in this world for over seven years.
In those seven years, their appearances had barely changed, which had intrigued many people. They often attributed it to their good skin care and maintenance.
But now, Skylar thought, perhaps it was because they truly didn't belong to this world, and their appearances had remained the same as when they had crossed over. "Content" 
"So, for you, it's only been a few months since you met Manfred. But for him, it's been five or six years?" Skylar asked.
Vivian's eyes flickered. "Yes. When I first met him, he looked even younger than I
did."
###chapter1968
Skylar didn't ask about Manfred's situation again. Instead, she focused on examining the copper mirror.
The moment the copper mirror was in her hands, she could tell that it was the one she had been searching for.
"Vivian, did you use this copper mirror to communicate with us before?" she asked.
Vivian nodded repeatedly. "Yes, Mom, you heard me, right? I couldn't hear what you were saying, but I saw that you were looking for me. I guessed that you must have heard my voice."
"Yes, we did hear you. That's why your father and I didn't leave Graystone. We were planning to go to Vlario, but after hearing your voice, we decided to stay," Skylar said with a smile.
Vivian wrapped her arms around Skylar. "Mom, I've missed you and Dad so much."
Even though she was holding her mother, it still felt like a dream-too unreal. "We missed you too," Skylar sighed softly. Every day since arriving in this world, she had been trying to figure out a way to go back.
It was because she and Joe couldn't bear to leave Vivian behind.
About 30 minutes later, Joe and Manfred returned to Willow Hall.
The two of them seemed a bit solemn, though it was unclear what they had discussed. Just then, dinner was served.
During the meal, the four of them hardly spoke.
After dinner, Joe was the first to speak. "I've already discussed it with Manfred. This silk shop is now his. Here are the deeds and other documents for the property."
Skylar had no ions to Joe's decision.
Over the years, they had put a lot of effort into the silk shop. When they first arrived, they thought they would return soon.
However, as time passed, they realized that the possibility of going back was slim, so they prepared to stay long-term and opened the silk shop.
Now that they were leaving, it was only right to pass the business on to Manfred.
Manfred took the box containing the deeds and documents. "I'll take good care of the silk shop."
Many people around him were adept in business, and even though Graystone was far from Vlario, he had carefully observed earlier and could tell that Vivian's father had managed things well. It wouldn't take much effort to take over. 
"Thank you for taking care of Vivian these past few days," Skylar said, once again expressing her gratitude to Manfred.
Manfred nodded with a smile. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Vivian looking at him, but he...
He took a deep breath. "Can I have a few more words with Vivian?"
Joe looked at Skylar, who gave a small nod in approval.
"Sure, go ahead," Joe said, his gaze shifting to Vivian.
Vivian immediately stood up, her eyes brimming with tears, but she held back the overwhelming
sadness of their impending elet
separation. 
After Vivian and Manfred stepped outside, Skylar called Joe over. "Take a look at this copper mirror."
Joe examined the copper mirror
carefully. I don't see anything
different from other copper minet
Are you sure this is the one you were looking for?" 
Skylar nodded. "I'm absolutely certain. And..."
"And what?" Joe asked.
"We're leaving tonight. The exact time cannot be chosen, but it will be in about
two hours," Skylar said in a low voice.
Joe raised an eyebrow. "So soon?"
"Yes." Skylar sighed, glazing toward Vivian and Manfred, who were talking outside.
"Let's give them another hour. At that time, we can make a few final arrangements."
###chapter1969
In the courtyard, Vivian and Manfred walked side by side.
The silk shop had been cleared out moments before, and nearly all the workers had been sent on leave. Now, the entire courtyard was quiet.
They found a pavilion where they could sit and rest.
Once seated, Vivian turned to Manfred, tears shimmering in her eyes, and smiled. "Manfred, I hope that you'll be happy every day from now on."
Manfred's dark eyes were filled with warmth. "I hope that every day after you return, you'll be safe and at peace. Don't worry about me. I'm not the same person I was back then. No one can humiliate me like before. I will leave my mark on this world."
"I overheard you speaking with Kemp on the way here. After you return to Vlario, you'll be leading the Holland troop into battle."
Vivian knew this had always been Manfred's dream.
Every man with courage and honor longed to defend his homeland.
Most people only knew of Manfred's medical skills, but few knew he had been secretly training in combat for years. Glen had personally taught him everything he knew.
Manfred didn't hide anything from Vivian. "The border is constantly under attack by raiders. My grandfather is old, and most of my uncles died on the battlefield. There's almost no one left in the family to lead.
"If the Holland troop falls into the wrong hands, it will only be a matter of time before those raiders break through to Vlario. I have to take command and lead them to the frontlines."
He didn't know what fate awaited him at the border.
Though he selfishly wanted Vivian to stay, he also knew her safety and her dreams were more important.
Vivian's eyes were filled with worry. "You... The battlefield is dangerous. Please, be careful. I'll ask my mom for some amulets later. You have to carry them with you at all times. Her amulets are much more effective than mine."
She had already overheard much of this a few days ago. That was why she couldn't help but worry.
"Don't worry. I'm the commander. I won't put myself in unnecessary danger." Manfred reassured her gently.
Vivian said, "You said it yourself. You better not take any risks."
"I still have the military strategy books you gave me. I've studied them thoroughly over the years and developed my tactics. Trust me, I will do everything I can to win. And you...
"When you go back, you have to fulfill the dreams you told me about. We both need to do our best to thrive in our own worlds. Okay?" Manfred's voice was as gentle as if he were coaxing a child.
"Okay, I promise."
They looked at each other and smiled.
Vivian suddenly pointed at the crescent moon hanging in the night sky and
murmured, "The moon is so beautiful tonight."
"Yeah, it's beautiful," Manfred murmured.
But he thought, "Not as beautiful as you."
Manfred spared the moon only a fleeting glance before his eyes returned to
Vivian, filled with quiet longing and reluctant admiration.
He wanted to imprint this moment in his memory-something to hold onto for the rest of his life.
Time passed too quickly.
Before they knew it, the moment had arrived.
Vivian suddenly felt like she was going home. She turned her head and spotted Joe and Skylar standing a short distance away, watching her.
Her mind drifted for a moment, and she slowly rose to her feet. Manfred sensed her shift and stood as well.
But he didn't look at her parents. His eyes remained fixed on Vivian, unwilling to look away.
Vivian took a deep breath.
As she stepped out of the pavilion, she made a decision.
She wasn't going to leave without telling him the truth.
Even if they had to part ways, she wanted Manfred to know her true feelings. "Manfred, I've liked you for a long time. Promise me that no matter what you'll take care yourself
A bright, radiant smile lit up her face
as she finished speaking. Then, without waiting his response, turned and walked toward her parents. 
Manfred froze. For a moment, he couldn't process what he had just heard.
For so long, he had believed his feelings were nothing more than a foolish, one-
sided infatuation. But now, he knew the truth.
She liked him too. She had liked him all along.
His heart pounded violently as he turned to watch her walk away.
His heart had been filled with selfish longing.
Even just a moment ago, there were lingering, selfish thoughts he couldn't shake.
But now, they were gone.
All he truly wanted was for her to return to the peaceful world she belonged to-the world where ker loved ones could protect her where she would always be safe. 
###chapter1970
Joe and Skylar would keep her safe.
"Goodbye."
"May you have a peaceful life."
A moment later, Manfred watched as the seemingly ordinary copper mirror suddenly glowed.
In an instant, the light surged, wrapping around Vivian and her parents.
He tried to run toward her, but the barrier pushed him back. No matter how hard he fought, he couldn't get close.
Vivian stood between Skylar and Joe.
Her eyes were red, but she forced a bright smile, making it as radiant as she could. "Manfred, goodbye! Take care of yourself. I'll always remember you! Always!"
Manfred's eyes burned red. He wanted to rush forward. A reckless thought filled his mind if only he could go with her, if only he could follow her to the world she had spoken of so many times.
But every time he took a step forward, the mirror's glowing force shoved him back. The closer he tried to get, the further he was pushed away.
"Vivian!"
For one final time, he threw himself forward.
The light flared, blinding him. He instinctively raised his arm to shield his eyes.
When he opened his eyes again, the glow that had blocked him earlier had vanished.
Vivian and her parents were gone without a trace.
"Vivian?"
He ran to where they had disappeared. But there was nothing.
Nothing except the copper mirror lying on the ground.
His face turned pale as he picked it up.
The copper mirror, now devoid of any light, appeared ordinary.
It looked nothing like the powerful artifact that had just taken Vivian and her parents away.
He looked at the mirror with a twisted smile, his expression bordering on madness. "If you're really that powerful, then take me with them! What's the point of separating me from the one I love?" 
But the copper mirror remained silent as if it had fallen into an eternal slumber.
"There's no one left in this world that matters to me anymore..." It was unclear how much time had passed when Manfred spoke again, his face still expressionless. fo 
Just then, something unexpected happened.
Suddenly, a few words appeared on the surface of the copper mirror.
"The moment of your greatest despair is when your wish will be fulfilled. May you always stay true to your heart."
The words appeared for a brief moment before quickly fading away.
It was as if they were nothing more than a hallucination.
"Remain true to your heart..." Manfred repeated the words under his breath, lost and dazed.
In the distance, Kemp and the others rushed toward him in panic.
"Mr. Atkinson, Mr. Atkinson, Mr. Holland Senior is gravely ill! They say he won't last much longer! Mr. Atkinson!"
Manfred's face turned even paler. He looked up at Kemp, his voice
sounding detached as if it werelnes
his own. "Return to Vlario
immediately." 
Kemp scanned the surroundings. "Where is Ms. Martin?"
Manfred stiffened, his gaze darkening. "She's gone."
"Gone?"
###chapter1971
At Galaxy Villa, Harvey was sitting on the couch, munching on a bag of potato chips.
These were Vivian's favorite chips, and Harvey had happened to spot them. Feeling hungry, he didn't want to bother cooking, so he grabbed the chips and started eating.
His laptop screen was flashing with various lines of code.
He stared intently at the screen, occasionally glancing around, listening for any sounds. Every half hour, he would put down the computer and go upstairs to check.
This time, when the half-hour passed, he set his laptop down, casually grabbed two more chips, and started heading upstairs while munching.
"Not bad. I don't think I've tried this brand before," he muttered to himself.
Soon, he reached Vivian's bedroom.
Standing at the door, he glanced at the empty bed and raised an eyebrow. Then, checking his watch to confirm the time, he turned to head back downstairs.
"I have a feeling Vivian will bring Skylar and Joe back this time," Harvey murmured.
He wasn't sure why he was so certain, but the feeling was incredibly strong.
He had a gut feeling that he would soon see Skylar again.
Just thinking that gave him a surge of energy, and he was no longer tired.
Just then, his phone buzzed with a few messages from his business partners. They had been working overtime recently.
He quickly responded to a few texts.
One of his friends texted, "Harvey, you haven't been staying up late much these past few years. It seems like you've been acting a bit differently these last couple of days, especially tonight. It's 3:00 am, and you're still up!
"What's going on? Got some extra energy? Are you in a relationship? You're this big-time bachelor... Are you finally going to settle down?"
Harvey's mouth twitched as he read the text. "What nonsense are you spouting? I'm never getting married in this lifetime."
After joking around with his friends
for a bit, he made his way downstairs. He was about to head to the kitchen to make a cup of coffee when suddenly, a bright flash of light appeared before him. 
He immediately shielded his eyes.
"What's going on?" he exclaimed.
When he opened his eyes again, he was stunned by the sight before him. "Skylar? Joe?"
Harvey blinked in surprise as he saw Skylar and Joe standing before him, both dressed in period costumes. Their eyes were closed, seemingly adjusting to the blinding ligh@that had just flashed. 
As they opened their eyes and locked gazes with Harvey, all three stood frozen for a moment.
It was Skylar who broke the silence. "Harvey? You've been waiting here this whole time?"
"Skylar! Is it really you, Skylar? You're finally back!" Harvey's eyes welled up with tears as he gazed in disbelief at Skylar.
He rubbed his eyes forcefully, as though to convince himself this wasn't just some late-night hallucination.
The period costumes they were wearing proved this was no illusion.
Skylar and Joe had spent years in another time.
Joe's expression remained neutral, showing no particular joy, even though it had been years since he had seen Harvey. The sight of Galaxy Villa didn't seem to affect him much either. 
Skylar didn't seem overwhelmed by the reunion either.
Harvey quickly regained his composure and realized something was off.
"Where is Vivian? She was supposed to return with you two, right? Why is it just the two of you?"
He thought, "Had Vivian not come back? What went wrong?"
###chapter1972
Harvey thought to himself, "This is ridiculous. Vivian really isn't coming back because of that guy from the past?"
But this didn't seem like something Vivian would do. She had always been intelligent and sensible. When making decisions, she always thought things through carefully.
Love and all that... it was just a fleeting thing.
Skylar's expression grew serious as she looked at her familiar brother and everything around her.
After exchanging a glance with Joe, she spoke in a low, serious tone, "Vivian was supposed to come back with us, but something went wrong on the way. She must've ended up in another timeline."
"What?" Harvey's eyes widened as he looked at Skylar in disbelief.
"Another timeline? What does that even mean?"
He turned to Joe, hoping for some kind of explanation.
Joe's expression was as cold as ice. His face was pale with a hint of exhaustion, but he didn't say a word.
Harvey turned his attention back to Skylar.
Skylar's tone was serious as she briefly explained to Harvey what had just happened.
They had indeed returned with Vivian.
The three of them had been together, embracing each other. But in an instant, Vivian had transformed into a shadow and vanished from between them.
As she was in a state of panic, a mist had appeared before her.
For the first time in a long while, Viola had materialized before her.
Viola had told her, "Skye, you must have heard from Kevin that Vivian doesn't belong to this world. She was never meant to be born. The fact that you two are back means Vivian has to leave.
"But she will return one day. However, she needs to go through certain experiences on her own. She needs a chance to be reborn. Otherwise, if she had returned with you, she would soon face an accident and die. Vivian can endure any hardship."
Skylar had asked Viola if Vivian was staying in that other world, but Viola had simply shaken her head. Skylar had wanted to ask more, but Viola only shook her head again.
Before she vanished, Viola had left her with one final piece of advice. "Just believe in her."
And with that, she disappeared completely.
After hearing Skylar's words, Harvey
was still struggling to accept the situation, "How could this happen? You were supposed to return
l.ne
together. What do you mean se doesn't belong to this world and needs to go through a rebirth? 
"I don't understand. How could this be happening to her? She's so young, and everything she's going through... Is it too much for her? She worked so hard to find you both, and now that you're back, she's lost." 
Skylar was momentarily speechless, and Joe remained silent as well.
After a few minutes, Joe finally spoke, "All we can do now is trust in Vivian. She will come back safe."
"I believe what Grandma Viola said. If she says Vivian can return, then she will," Skylar replied solemnly.
Yet, she still couldn't determine where Vivian had gone.
She couldn't help but wonder what Viola meant by rebirth.
...
The news of Skylar and Joe's safe return after years of disappearance shocked many. Numerous media outlets wanted to interview them, but both of them refused.
Within a few days, any trace of their story vanished from the online news cycle. In this fast-paced era, information spread so quickly that people were soon distracted by newer stories. 
However, those close to them were filled with joy at their return.
But some people also noticed something strange. Vivian was nowhere to be found.
That evening, Skylar told Harvey that if anyone asked, he should explain that Vivian had a friend overseas who needed her help with some urgent matters, so she had to leave quickly.
The explanation seemed suspicious, but since both Skylar and Joe had confirmed it, no one pressed further.
After all, everyone was still caught up in the joy of Skylar and Joe's safe return.
But one person felt something wasn't right. After the gathering, they chased after Skylar and Joe.
###chapter1973
Skylar watched as Hadwin caught up to her. "Is there still something going on with your mom?"
It had been years since she had last seen Natalie, but the two of them had
practically been together every day over the past few days.
Today's gathering included Natalie and a few other friends.
Hadwin hesitated before asking, "Mrs. Martin, did Vivian go abroad?"
From what he knew of her, it didn't make sense. Her parents had been missing for years and had just returned. There was no way she would suddenly choose to leave.
Besides, he had never heard her mention having close friends abroad. All her friends were either from college or the ones they had grown up with.
Skylar glanced at Joe. No surprise-Hadwin was Austin and Natalie's son. His observation skills were sharp.
Of course, many of their close friends had noticed something was off about Vivian's sudden absence. But because they trusted Skylar and Joe, they knew better than to ask questions.
"Yes, she went abroad," Joe said, picking up on Skylar's cue.
Skylar added, "She should be back in a while. But she also wants to travel and study abroad for a bit and see more of the world. She'll decide when she's ready."
"Studying abroad? So there's no telling when she'll come back? And is it really safe for her to be alone in another country?" Hadwin frowned.
The more he thought about it, the less sense it made. Even if Vivian insisted on leaving, she thought Skylar and Joe wouldn't have let her go so easily.
The whole thing felt off. Skylar and Joe had finally returned, yet somehow, Vivian had disappeared.
Joe's expression darkened slightly at the mention of safety. "She has people protecting her. There's no need to worry. It's late. You should head home."
"Let's go," Skylar said softly.
Hadwin still had many questions, but from the way Skylar and Joe looked, they weren't going to tell him the truth.
He needed to find out what really happened to Vivian.
Lost in thought, Hadwin got into his car.
Inside their car, Skylar and Joe's expressions turned serious.
"Do you think Hadwin likes Vivian? Before we left, he was always around her. And
if any guys at school got too close to her, he'd warn them off," Skylar mused.
Joe's expression remained cold. "Even if Vivian comes back, there's no way she and Hadwin could ever be together. That kid is too much of a flirt. She wouldn't stand a chance against him in a relationship. 
"Honestly, have a better impression of Manfred, but unfortunately, that's not possible either. They're from two completely different worlds. In the end, there's no way they could be together." 
It wasn't just about being in a long-distance relationship. This was about two entirely different worlds.
And right now, they didn't even know where Vivian was. That made the distance between her and Manfred even greater.
Even if Manfred was someone worthy of a lifelong commitment, he and Vivian were never meant to be.
Skylar shook her head. "I don't think their story is going to end just like this. Maybe there's still a chance for them."
Joe raised an eyebrow, slightly surprised. "A chance?"
"You never know."
"Vivian is still young. Even if she comes back, she's not even 20 yet. There's no rush when it comes to relationships. I'd rather have her stay with us for a few more years. If someone truly likes her, they can wait. If they can't, then they're not worth it." 
Skylar couldn't help but laugh. Just moments ago, Joe had been speaking highly of Manfred, but now, in the blink of an eye, his stance had completely changed.
Regardless of how things ended between Vivian and Manfred, she and Joe would always support Vivian's choices.
...
After some time investigating, Hadwin still couldn't find any trace of Vivian's supposed friend abroad.
The biggest issue was that he didn't even know which country she had gone to.
Strangely, no one seemed willing to talk about it.
Frustrated, he finally decided to ask Natalie.
###chapter1974
Hadwin asked, "Mom, aren't you curious why Vivian went abroad? Now that Mr. Martin and Mrs. Martin are back, why didn't she stay in Jipsburg?"
Natalie was scrolling through short videos on her phone. Hearing Hadwin's question, she briefly glanced up at him before shifting her gaze back to the
screen.
Her tone was casual. "Vivian's situation isn't ours to worry about. Skylar and Joe will take care of it. Are you still hung up on Vivian?
"Did everything I said before go in one ear and out the other? You and Vivian are impossible. Focus on something else."
"Mom, aren't you even a little curious?" Hadwin conveniently ignored her last two sentences.
Whether they were a good match or not, he wouldn't give up until he heard it from Vivian herself.
Natalie rolled her eyes, her patience wearing thin. "Curious about what? You know how much Skylar and Joe treasure her. There's nothing for us to worry about, and you shouldn't burden them with unnecessary questions. You're an adult now. Haven't you learned that some things are better left unasked?"
Hadwin was at a loss for words. No one in their family could ever win an argument against his mother. She had an uncanny ability to shut people down within a few sentences.
His lips twitched in frustration as he stood up. "Fine, I won't ask anymore, okay? I'm heading out—I have plans with some friends tonight."
"Make sure you use protection. I'm not ready to be a grandmother," Natalie said coldly, giving him a sharp glance.
She had no idea how she ended up with such a playboy of a son. He changed girlfriends as often as he changed outfits.
If it weren't for the fact that contraceptives were so readily available now and the fact that some women took precautions, she might have had several grandkids by
now.
Hadwin had barely taken a few steps when he nearly tripped over himself. His face twisted through several shades of embarrassment.
"Want me to send a few boxes of protection to your place?" Natalie asked nonchalantly when he didn't respond.
Hadwin's lips twitched violently. "No need."
He walked toward the door but hesitated. Turning back, he felt the need to defend himself. "Mom, I don't date around that much anymore. I'm really just meeting some friends this time."
Natalie nodded absentmindedly. "Sure, sure. I got it. Now, off you go."
She was more interested in getting back to her videos.
Hadwin stared at her. She clearly wasn't listening. Her attitude was downright dismissive.
It was pointless. Natalie was beyond convincing. She would only understand when she saw that he had truly changed.
At the border, dust filled the air.
The sky was stained dark crimson, with blood swirling in the wind.
Everywhere, the bodies of fallen soldiers and dismembered limbs littered the ground alongside the carcasses of battle horses.
The fires raged on, consuming everything in their path.
The air was thick with the stench of blood, so potent that it seemed to seep into the very ground for miles around.
After more than a month of brutal conflict, the battlefield had become a land of the dead.
On top of the fortress wall, a few soldiers still held their ground.
"How
left?
many? We're almost
there hold on! We can defeat.net t few! We'll finish
off!"
?
There were few soldiers left on the wall, but they still gathered every ounce of strength, pulling their bows, putting down their defensive weapons, and fighting against the remaining barbarians.
After the last of the barbarians finally fell, one soldier, barely able to stand, forced
himself up.
His face was streaked with tears. He turned
"Weward the city and shouted,
?
! We won! The barbarians
are all dead! I'll go report this to Mr. Atkinson!" 
###chapter1975
The soldier's words quickly spread from the city gates to the city, eventually reaching Kemp.
Kemp relayed the message to Manfred, who was intensely studying a battle map.
Manfred hadn't slept for days. His eyes were bloodshot, and his face was etched with exhaustion.
He stared at the battle map before him, watching the flags of various forces flutter. When he heard the news from Kemp, his expression didn't relax. Instead, it became even more serious.
"Mr. Atkinson, we won. Aren't you happy?" Kemp asked, his voice trembling slightly.
Besides those stationed on the frontlines, no one knew the hardship they had endured over the past decade.
For the last ten years, the barbarians had allied with the northern tribes, launching multiple assaults. Combined with the king's incompetence and weak officials, things had only gotten worse since Glen's death. Vlario had descended into chaos.
If it weren't for Manfred leading his troops and holding the line, the country would have long since fallen and been destroyed.
Manfred opened his mouth, but the skin on his lips cracked, crusted with blood. "This attack was only their first attempt. They will attack again and with even greater forces."
Kemp's face turned pale at his words. "What?"
Their forces had been dwindling for the last decade, and now they were on the brink. Vlario had not sent reinforcements, claiming they needed to focus on defending the city.
But the truth was, they were just trying to keep Manfred from seizing the throne. Public opinion in Vlario had shifted, with many wanting him to become king.
The current ruler had become utterly irresponsible. In recent years, as he grew older, he had become more focused on draining the people's wealth for his indulgence, living a life of excess.
His harem had grown so large that it was nearly impossible to accommodate all the women.
In the end, the kingdom had fallen to such a state, and the ruler's actions were unforgivable.
Yet, all of this responsibility fell on Manfred.
If he were to fall now, the entire kingdom would be doomed. The barbarians' cavalry would sweep through, and the common people would fall into even greater suffering.
Ten years had passed, but there were few marks of it on Manfred's face. However, his eyes had grown even more determined and sharp.
No matter where he stood, Manfred commanded respect and devotion.
His eyes held a resolve that was both sharp and unyielding. "Let all the soldiers take a moment to rest There will be another battle tonight, though I will face this one with you all. Tell the citizens to leave the city immediately." 
Kemp's expression shifted, but he straightened his back. "Yes, Mr. Atkinson."
The truth was, there were few citizens left in the city. The men and women had all enlisted, and the elderly and children had long since fled.
Everyone had been giving everything they had to hold off the enemy. However, even without Manfred's command, Kemp knew tonight would be their final battle, the one that would determine their lives or deaths. Yet, Manfred had suffered enough over these ten years. 
Moreover, Vivian never returned after she left ten years ago. For the past ten years, Manfred had been alone at the border, and it was truly heart-wrenching to witness.
After Kemp left, Manfred sat down. He leaned back, closed his eyes, and placed his hand on a book beside him. The book was titled "36 Strategies."
He had read it countless times, and the ink had long since faded, showing the passage of years. After a while, it seemed as though he had drifted off to sleep.
Half awake, he suddenly felt a warmth in his chest. His eyes fluttered open, and he glanced down. Then he remembered the copper mirror he always carried.
Without hesitation, he pulled the copper mirror from his clothes.
It was the copper mirror that had grown warm in his hand. Looking into it, he almost felt as if he could see her-the woman he had missed every day, the one who had left ten years ago.
His eyes softened with deep affection.
Manfred said with a smile, "If I
survive tonight, I will move to
Graystone. It's where you left off.
Maybe when I'm old, I might see you I again. But will you still be the same, and will I have grown old by then?" 
###chapter1976
Every word Manfred uttered was filled with the utmost gentleness.
Manfred chuckled softly. "For ten years, this copper mirror has never felt different. But now... it's warm."
Perhaps it was just his imagination.
The bitter cold of the border had seeped into his very bones. The soldiers and the remaining citizens had not had a proper meal in three days. Like everyone else, he had survived on bark for the past three days.
If not for the last shred of humanity left in him, he might have resorted to what many others had done-eating the flesh of the fallen barbarians, drinking their bone broth.
But he was afraid.
Afraid that one day, if he ever saw Vivian again, she would know what he had done and find him filthy.
That thought alone steeled his resolve.
Manfred carefully placed the copper mirror back against his chest.
Even if tonight meant certain death, he would carry it with him. Perhaps, in death, he would finally see Vivian again.
Nightfall came swiftly.
The entire city was shrouded in darkness. Though the people in the city were gaunt and frail, their eyes burned with unwavering determination. For every one of them that fell, they would take a barbarian down with them.
No one spoke as they waited. But time and again, their eyes drifted toward their commander-Manfred.
As long as he stood, the army would stand.
As long as he fought, death held no fear.
If they were to march to the underworld, then at least they would have their commander leading the way.
Ahead of them, Glen and the rest of the Holland troop awaited them. They would hold the line. They would protect their people.
Now, it was their turn to protect their homeland and shield the innocent.
In the stillness of the night, the rhythmic pounding of hooves echoed from the distance.
Then came the deafening war cry. "Attack!"
For over a month, they had grown tired of hearing the same thing.
Kemp scoffed. "Can't these barbarians come up with a new phrase?"
A few soldiers chuckled in response.
Even Manfred's eyes flickered with amusement. He turned to the hundred soldiers at his side. "Tonight, we fight to our heart's content!"
The distant, thunder of hooves grew louder, a clear sign that the northern tribes and the barbarians had once again sent ten thousand meminto battle. 
Tonight was a battle of no return.
Manfred pressed a hand against his chest.
Perhaps it was the heat of his blood, or perhaps it was just another illusion but the copper mirror felt
warm again. The warmth spread through him, chasing away the bitter
cold. 
"Mr. Atkinson, if you can survive this... then you must survive." Kemp's voice was hoarse; his eyes
reddened as he looked at the
endless sea of barbarians before them. . 
But he already knew—this was a dream, nothing more.
With that many barbarians, there was no way Manfred would ever choose to flee.
The firelight reflected in Manfred's eyes, but his presence remained unwavering, like a god standing in the darkness. "Prepare to fight!"
"I'll take down a hundred of them!"
"I'll take down a thousand!"
"I'll kill every last one of them!"
"Kill them all!"
The last hundred soldiers stood their ground-there were no cowards among them, no one turned back.
Their eyes burned with unwavering determination as they followed Manfred's lead, charging toward the dense mass of barbarians ahead.
###chapter1977
In the opulent hall, the atmosphere was heavy with excess and indulgence.
Everyone present seemed to lose themselves in the intoxicating atmosphere. At the center of the room, a dancer in a sheer, flowing gown twirled, her movements graceful and enchanting.
Someone had already grabbed the dancer, pulling away the thin fabric of her dress and indulging in their desires. No one dared to oppose them.
The extravagance, the indulgence, the complete disregard for humanity—this had become the norm.
Outside, just beyond the door, was a starkly different scene. Not three steps from the threshold, blood stained the ground, bright and shocking.
The musician who had refused to entertain had been cleaved in two by a sword.
The maids standing nearby didn't even glance up.
Their faces were blank, numb to everything around them. The music that echoed from the hall seemed to have no effect on them. It was as if they hadn't heard it at all.
Before long, a scream pierced the air. But the people outside didn't react.
Perhaps they had grown accustomed to such horrors. The scream was chilling, enough to raise goosebumps on the skin.
Minutes later, a woman's lifeless body was thrown outside, her neck snapped and eyes bulging in horror.
Her pale skin was marred with gruesome wounds, a sight that would make any normal person lose their composer in terror.
At that moment, a man pushed several young women dressed in coarse linen into the grand hall.
"Go on, hurry! If you're chosen, you'll never go hungry again." The words hit the young women like a death knell.
The young women trembled, their faces ashen with fear, but they had no choice but to walk forward.
When they saw the bodies scattered across the floor, their faces went even whiter, their fear palpable. They didn't dare look up, too terrified to speak as they were pushed further inside.
The hall was filled with the scent of
rich perfumes, a sweet fragrance
that seemed to erase all worries,
making people long to lose
themselves in the indulgence of the moment. 
Many people inside were already drifting into a dazed state. However, the man sitting at the head of the table was different from the rest.
There were no women attending to him, and the wine on the table seemed to have hardly been touched.
He sat with his eyes closed, seemingly resting. Even when the noise from outside reached his ears, he did not open his eyes.
"Mr. Atkinson, I've brought more women as you asked, all virgins,' man who had escorted the young
women inside said respect You The
the man at the head of the table. 
The one addressed as "Mr. Atkinson" slowly opened his eyes.
His eyes exuded a chilling pressure, one that made anyone feel uneasy, even too afraid to look him directly in the eye.
The man, trembling in fear, immediately dropped to his knees. "Mr. Atkinson, I only brought the ones who matched the portrait you asked for."
Lately, Manfred had been acting strangely. After nearly drowning some time ago, he had woken up as a completely different person.
He no longer indulged in pleasure but allowed others to do so, though he seemed to avoid the presence of women.
A few days ago, he had even drawn a portrait.
The woman in the portrait was breathtakingly beautiful, a rarity in the world, though only her eyes and eyebrows were depicted. The rest of her features-nose, lips remained unfinished. 
Yet, just the subtle elegance in her eyes and brows was enough to make anyone who saw the portrait understand. This woman was undoubtedly a fairy.
They had searched for days, bringing in many women whose features bore a resemblance, though none were a perfect match. Those with even a slight similarity were kept.
So, everyone in the mansion believed Manfred was tired of the women in the household and wanted to try someone as beautiful as a fairy.
When the young women were glanced at by the man seated at the head of the table, they nearly screamed in terror. His presence was terrifying!
###chapter1978
The rumors said that Manfred was a cruel tyrant, and nearly every woman who had served him met a tragic end, tortured to the brink of death.
He was beyond twisted. His mansion even housed a pit of serpents.
He had a particular fondness for cruel methods of torture.
In Everholm, a place far from the reach of any authority, no one could challenge
him.
Even now, the same could be said for Vlario. The common people lived in fear, trembling at the mercy of those in power. It seemed like the entire world was sick, with no one caring about the lives of the ordinary.
They all viewed the commoners as mere insects. When Manfred's cold gaze swept across the room, it felt like a blade was aimed at them.
"Keep the third person from the left," Manfred coldly ordered.
The girl who was third in line froze when she realized she was the one chosen to stay. Her face was drenched in tears, a look of sheer terror overwhelming her.
Her eyes were extraordinarily beautiful. They were nearly identical to the woman in the portrait.
It was the tears in her eyes that captured Manfred's attention, leaving him entranced.
But after a brief moment of gazing at her, he grew cold again and muttered, "Still not right."
Just those three words seemed to jolt the drunken revelers back to a sliver of their senses.
"Manfred, you've been acting a bit strange lately. This girl looks untouched, with eyes that hold so much innocence. If you're not interested, then let me have some fun with her. Honestly, her tears are so beautiful, those eyes... I'd love to keep them as a collection."
The man speaking, Sterling Bowman, was in his 20s. He had a handsome face. His features carried a mix of charm, yet there was an unsettling, chilling presence about him.
His words made the girl who remained even more terrified. She trembled violently.
The eyes that had once been praised for their beauty were now filled with nothing but dread.
"Mr. Atkinson, this girl caught my eye too. It seems you aren't interested, so let us have some fun with her first. Sterling, after we've had our fill, you can go ahead and take her eyes out," one of the men said, eyeing the terrified girl as he spoke to Manfred, who sat at the
head of the table. 
This was nothing new for them. Manfred was the type of man who had countless women surrounding him. He never cared who claimed them first.
If someone desired one of his women, he simply handed them over.
To them, these women were nothing more than s to entertain them. If they
made them happy, then they were worth more than their weight in gold.
Many others joined in the laughter. The more terrified the girl looked, the more delighted they became.
No one noticed the killing intent that appeared in Manfred's eyes.
It was a kind of deadly intent born from countless battles. It was something beyond the imagination of these young men.
"Take her away," Manfred said coldly.
The maid at the door was momentarily stunned upon hearing this. Clearly, they hadn't expected such a command from Manfred.
After a brief moment of hesitation, the maid asked, "Mr. Atkinson, do you want her sent to the serpent pit?"
When the words "serpent pit" were spoken, the two men who had spoken earlier lit up, their eyes full of excitement and fervor. "The serpent pit? Manfred, we haven't been there in a while. 
"I heard they've added some new, rare species. Are you planning to test this girl
out with them? That sounds great! I'll come along to watch."
The beautiful girl would soon be surrounded by snakes, screaming in terror before eventually dying in the
serpent pit. Just thinking about that
scene made their blood boil with excitement. 
Suddenly, Manfred stood up, his voice cutting through the room. "Tonight's banquet is over. Escort the guests out."
The room fell into stunned silence. Everyone was dumbfounded.
Something was off with Manfred. In the past few days, Manfred had been acting strangely, and no one could understand what was going on with him.
His actions had been so unusual, as if the drowning had caused some kind of lingering illness.
###chapter1979
At that moment, everyone had sobered up.
They all knew what kind of man Manfred was.
After exchanging glances, they silently chose to leave. Only Sterling lagged behind.
Just as he reached the door, he grabbed a servant by the collar, his voice dark and low. "What's going on with Manfred? Has he been like this the past few days?"
Ever since Manfred fell into the water, they hadn't come to see him. No one had hosted any banquets either. Today was their first time visiting him since the accident.
But today's Manfred felt off.
At first glance, he seemed the same. Yet something was different.
He wasn't indulging in women the way he used to. He was still seeking women, but-
"Ever since Mr. Atkinson fell into the water, he's been different. He's been searching for the woman from the painting. But none of the women brought to him have satisfied him," the servant answered cautiously.
Sterling narrowed his eyes, deep in thought. But after a brief moment, he let go of the servant and followed the others out.
At the same time, Manfred returned to his chambers.
Without the debauched noise from earlier, his eyes regained some clarity.
Before long, the frightened young woman from before was brought before him once again.
His dark eyes were cold and sharp as he looked at her.
The girl could no longer hold out. Her knees buckled, and she collapsed to the ground, pressing her forehead tightly against the stone floor.
"Look up." Manfred's voice was icy.
Just like she had done in the hall earlier, the girl slowly lifted her tear-filled eyes. She looked utterly pitiful.
Manfred gave her a glance, then quickly averted his gaze.
Without hesitation, he commanded the servant at the door, "Take her away. Settle her properly."
The word "settle" made it clear-she wouldn't be sent to the serpent pit.
The girl realized that Manfred didn't seem as twisted as the rumors claimed. As she was led away, she couldn't help but steal a few more glances at him.
Once the door was closed, silence fell over the room again.
Manfred leaned back onto the soft couch. The moment he closed his eyes, a vision surfaced in his mind.
A blurry figure of a young woman standing before him, telling him to take care of himself. This vision had been haunting him for days.
Sometimes, there were other
images a battlefield engulfed in et
overnet
dust and wind. Him, leading
countless soldiers in defense of their homeland. 
?wnovel
It felt like an impossible dream. In that dream, everyone called him Mr. Atkinson.
Only that young woman called him Manfred.
This kind of dream had never happened before.
Lately, he had begun to feel that the
dream version of Manfred was
one
be
e with blood and flesh; the 
who
one
actually lived might be the real him. 
He even felt disgusted by the very
pit he had built with his own
and by the so-called friends reveled in debauchery with him. 
"Who am I?" He furrowed his brows, murmuring to himself.
And then, a sharp pain pierced through his head.
Just then, a servant's voice came from outside the door, "Mr. Atkinson, Mr. Atkinson Sr. wishes to see you."
"Father?" Manfred's eyes snapped open, his response almost instinctive.
"Yes, Mr. Atkinson."
A face surfaced in Manfred's mind-Jayden Atkinson, head of the Atkinson family.
A man who looked just like him and as the leader of the most powerful of the
Three Great Families, Jayden was a true monster.
Publicly, he had only one wife-Manfred's mother.
But in secret? He had been involved with his own sister.
This forced Manfred's mother to shut herself away, chanting every day.
Several children were born from that twisted relationship, and none of them were normal.
Some were autistic and some were physically deformed.
Right now, Manfred felt like a mere bystander, observing memories of his own life.
The previous Manfred never saw Jayden as a monster.
On the contrary, he believed that life should be free of constraints and that people should do whatever made them happy.
###chapter1980
Like father, like son. Neither of them were decent people.
For some reason, a killing intent surged within Manfred. His current identity disgusted him. It felt utterly repulsive.
A voice in his heart whispered-she would find it disgusting and dirty.
The thought had barely surfaced when he took a deep breath, suppressing it.
Then, he walked out of the room.
Soon, he met Jayden. And saw Jayden's sister, Miley Atkinson.
The siblings bore a strong resemblance to each other. But unlike in his memories, they weren't sitting together, and there were no lingering glances.
In the past, they practically clung to each other every day and didn't even care about others watching.
Sometimes, they would shamelessly have intercourse in the garden. It was absolutely revolting.
The moment Manfred saw Jayden, a thought crossed his mind-kill him. Kill Jayden.
"You're here. I heard you've been looking for someone?" Jayden wasted no time.
Manfred replied curtly, "Yes."
Jayden suddenly picked up a painting from the table beside him. "Is it this woman?"
He studied the image and smirked. "She truly is breathtaking. If you find her, bring her to me first."
That meant he wanted her.
For years, aside from Miley, Jayden had never been interested in another woman. But the woman in the painting...
She awakened in him a twisted desire to defile her. He wanted to destroy the beauty on that canvas.
Miley's eyes darkened. "Where did you learn about this woman? Are you sure you didn't just imagine her?"
Her tone was sharp, her words full of mockery.
"Since when were you such a skilled artist? Or is she just some courtesan from a brothel?"
In the past, Manfred would have laughed along. And when Jayden demanded the woman for himself, he would have readily agreed.
But now, hearing their words, Manfred felt that these two had to die. If they died, the world would be a much better place.
"Why aren't you speaking?" Jayden pressed.
Manfred spoke slowly. "I want to marry
woman in the painting. In
here he was saying
i think about havinget
even think about having 
Jayden's expression immediately soured.
Miley was briefly stunned, then laughed. "It seems you're truly serious this time."
Then, she turned to Jayden and said, "Jay, we've been so busy these past years that we forgot that Manfred is a grown man now. It's time we found him a wife." fo 
Jayden's face remained cold, but he nodded. "Fine. You take care of it."
Despite his agreement, he was clearly displeased.
For the first time, his ever-obedient son had refused him. If Manfred had agreed, Jayden might have thought the woman didn't exist.
But now that he refused-Jayden was convinced she might be real.
There was nothing more to say between the father and son. After exchanging a few words, Manfred left.
However, he didn't return to his chambers. He walked straight out of the estate.
Without even realizing it, he ended up at the black market. Everything was sold there.
The Bowman family controlled the black market.
Nobles from all over came here to trade.
every day, rare treasures
wel
appeared, and the treasures weren't
limited to just artifacts but people as
Well. 
As soon as Manfred took a seat, a servant respectfully brought over a pot of tea.
Just then, a large iron cage was dragged into the center of the market.
There were about five to six women in the cage.
###chapter1981
The six women in the cage all looked dazed and disoriented.
They had likely been drugged-just enough to keep them silent and obedient. A few of them had their eyes closed. It was unclear whether they were dead or
alive.
Yet, despite their condition, anyone who looked closely could tell every single one of them was breathtakingly beautiful.
Every night, the black market was filled with nobles and wealthy elites. And their greatest obsession was beauty.
Even if they didn't need the women for themselves, they could always give them to someone else. Sometimes, a beautiful woman was even more valuable than gold or jewels.
"Look at that one! The one with her eyes closed! Damn, her face is divine! But is she even alive?"
Someone in the crowd had sharp eyes and instantly noticed one of the motionless
women.
His voice rose with excitement as he declared, "She's absolutely stunning!"
"Let me see! Let me see! Oh my god-she really is an unparalleled beauty! I've never seen anyone like her before!"
"This is top-tier merchandise!"
Amid the clamor, Vivian slowly opened her eyes. She froze.
Her gaze swept over the scene before her, and her mind went blank.
She remembered she was on her way home with her parents. Then, suddenly, a powerful force had ripped her away.
She could only watch helplessly as her parents vanished before her eyes.
Then, an old woman she recognized appeared. "You can't go home yet. You still have things to do. Don't worry-your parents have safely returned home. Now, let's see if you can survive the trials ahead."
At the time, she didn't understand why she couldn't go home.
After that, she vaguely remembered falling onto a grassy field. Then, someone had taken her away.
She had been barely conscious, drifting in and out of awareness.
She could hear crying nearby. A heart-wrenching sound that made her chest ache.
And now that she regained consciousness, she was in an iron cage. There were other women locked inside with her.
Looking at the dark and filthy surroundings and the hungry and shameless stares of the men around them, she instantly understood where she was.
She had been captured. And now, they were planning to sell her like merchandise.
Her heart trembled violently. So this was the trial she had to face?
She realized that she was still in the
themes. However, it didn't f e same era as Manfredelt
like
world. 
The people here they were wilder.
No, that wasn't the right word. They were inhuman.
The way they looked at her wasn't like they were looking at a person. They were looking at a product.
She glanced at the other women in
the cage. Their eyes were lifeless. It was as if they had already accepted their fate. 
Vivian took a deep breath. Then, she closed her eyes.
In her mind, she chanted over and over. "I want to go home. I want to go home."
She repeated it at least ten times.
Then, she opened her eyes again. Nothing had changed. She was still in hell.
People had already started placing bids. Greedy, disgusting gazes were locked onto her.
She pressed her lips together tightly.
"If I can't go home, I have to find Manfred." Then, she closed her eyes again.
This time, she whispered his name over and over in her heart.
When she opened her eyes, she was still there.
Vivian took a deep breath. She didn't understand why.
Then, out of the corner of her eye, she caught a glimpse of the bracelet
on
wrist. It was the bracelet
had given her.
All of her other jewelry was gone. Clearly, the people who kidnapped her had stolen everything valuable.
But this bracelet was worth more than everything else combined. So why didn't they take it?
Could it be...
###chapter1982
Could it be that they couldn't see the bracelet?
Just as Vivian was puzzling over this, a loud voice rang out. "5,000 dollars!"
Someone had already bid 5,000 dollars for her. But another person immediately raised the price.
She frowned slightly, telling herself to stay calm. Even if she was sold, once she was out of this iron cage, she would definitely find a way to escape.
Meanwhile, not far away, Manfred lifted his eyes.
He listened to the surrounding crowd, their bids growing higher and higher. The excitement in their voices became more frenzied, more uncontrollable.
A dark, cold pressure built inside him, making the veins on his forehead tighten. Then suddenly, he heard it.
A voice that came from deep within his soul-calling his name.
"Manfred! Manfred! It's me, Vivian! Save me!"
Vivian had been scanning her surroundings, and then she saw him.
Manfred was not far away.
For a moment, she hesitated. The Manfred standing there looked younger than the one she remembered.
However, her instincts told her it was him. It was undoubtedly, unmistakably him. The Manfred she could trust.
But the place was too noisy, and she was trapped inside a cage.
She screamed his name with all her might, but she didn't know if he could hear her.
"Manfred! Manfred!"
Suddenly, the woman sitting beside her grabbed her wrist. Her face was full of fear.
"Who are you calling? Manfred Atkinson? Are you trying to die faster? Do you even know what kind of person he is? If you end up in his hands, you won't last a day. And even after you're dead, you might not even have an intact body!
you
bet
"Stop shouting! Even if you're as beautiful as a goddess, he won't see as a person. To them, people like us are just merchandise. 
After speaking, the woman's face was filled with bitterness and
self-mockery. She had the loonet
someone who had seen through everything and had given up fighting. 
Because in this world, they were born lowly. That was their greatest misfortune.
Vivian fell silent. The despair in the woman's eyes shook her.
Then, a shadow suddenly appeared in front of the cage. He was like a messenger from the depths of the underworld, bringing with him a chilling, suffocating presence. 
It was so terrifying that no one dared to meet his gaze.
Then, the noisy crowd fell silent.
The auctioneer had raised his hand.
In this place, the Bowman family's rules were absolute. If the auctioneer told them
to shut up, they would have to.
No one would defy him.
Following the auctioneer's gaze, everyone looked over and saw Manfred.
In Everholm, the Bowman family was already feared. But Manfred was even more terrifying.
Everyone knew Manfred was ruthless and cold-blooded, and the Atkinson family was the most powerful of the Three Great Families.
Now, his gaze was locked on the woman they had all been fighting over.
The crowd sighed in disappointment. Why was Manfred here today?
If such a rare beauty fell into Manfred's hands, she wouldn't survive past tomorrow. What a waste.
At least if she had been bought by someone else, she might have lived a little longer.
"Vivian?" Manfred's eyes narrowed. His voice was low and cold. Inside the cage, Vivian lifted her head and met his gaze. "Manfred." The moment their eyes met, Manfred's expression changed drastically.
###chapter1983
The moment Manfred saw those eyes, he knew. Those were the very eyes that had haunted him for days.
Every time he closed his own, they would appear in his mind.
He had even tried to paint them. But no matter how many times he tried, the paintings lacked something.
It didn't capture the light in them-the light that made his heart lose control.
And now, seeing them in front of him, he was sure she was the one he had been searching for.
...
When Vivian met Manfred's gaze, there was a flicker of confusion in her heart.
She was certain this was him because the way he looked at her was the same as before.
Yet, there was something new in his eyes-a hint of curiosity.
But before she could think too much, she heard his voice. "Ten thousand."
And just like that, she was bought. The cage door swung open, and she stepped out.
At that moment, the people around them burst into congratulations.
"Congratulations, Mr. Atkinson! Another beauty for your collection! Such flawless skin, such breathtaking features-truly a rare gem in this world!"
The voices rang with forced enthusiasm. Many of them took the chance to steal glances at Vivian-brazen and unrestrained.
Because they all knew that if they didn't look now, she would likely be
unrecognizable by tomorrow.
Vivian stepped out of the cage and shivered. It was freezing.
Only then did she notice that everyone else was wearing thick winter coats. Only
the women in the cage had been left exposed to the cold.
And now that it was nighttime, the chill felt even sharper.
Just as she was about to tremble, a cloak fell over her shoulders. It was made of
soft fox fur and still carried the lingering warmth of its owner.
She was wrapped completely inside it before being pulled into Manfred's embrace.
The crowd stared in shock as Manfred carried her out of the black market.
"What's going on? Why is he treating her so gently?"
"Hah! Tooled. Maybe it's just
a new
Don't
for him. That
is
Contenally beautiful, a
t belongs to Shine
"A new game? Hahahaha! Then let's see if she'll still have an intact body by the
end of the night."
"Let's make a bet! How long will she last?"
"I say she won't survive past midnight!"
"She's so stunning, and Mr. Atkinson
even seemed a little startede?
just now-I bet she'll live
morning!" 
"Then I bet she'll stay alive!"
"Hahahaha! You'll definitely lose! How could she stay alive? What beauty hasn't
Mr. Atkinson seen?"
The discussion grew heated.
The auctioneer observed the scene and sighed.
There was no point in selling the
remainin
women tonight. No onet
was in the mood to continue el?
bidding. 
But Manfred's behavior today was truly unusual. Was he actually cherishing a mere plaything?
His eyes darkened, and he turned to whisper orders to one of his men.
The man listened, nodded and then slipped silently out of the market.
Vivian and Manfred left the black market in a carriage.
She sat beside him, clutching his arm tightly.
She couldn't help but ask, "Why are you here too? And why do you look younger?"
She was certain this wasn't his world. This was another place, another time.
And just before they left, she had overheard someone saying that they were at Everholm.
###chapter1984
Manfred's cold eyes narrowed slightly as his gaze swept toward the hand clutching his arm.
That hand-slender, fair and beautiful, was the most beautiful hand he had ever
seen.
Then, a sudden thought crossed his mind. Such a beautiful hand... It should be cut off.
But just as quickly as it came, it was crushed.
Another voice echoed in his head, stronger, darker-"I dare anyone to lay a single finger on her!"
The killing intent in that voice was overwhelming.
One command and the first thought was utterly erased.
Manfred frowned. "What do you mean by that? I've always been here."
As the words left his lips, his headache grew even worse.
Vivian froze. "Are... Are you really Manfred?"
A bizarre, absurd feeling rose inside her. The man before her was Manfred. And at the same time-not Manfred.
He was familiar. Yet, in some moments, he felt like a complete stranger.
Manfred's gaze darkened. The words left his mouth before he could even think. "I am."
"But... something's not right. You remember me, but at the same time, you don't."
Vivian frowned. What was going on? Had his soul traveled into another body? If so, did that mean the original Manfred was dead? How did he die? Or was this physical time travel?
But if that were the case, then why did this Manfred look younger than the one she knew?
Manfred looked at Vivian, who was frowning in front of him, and his heart sank slightly. Almost without thinking, he blurted out, "I remember you."
"Then... Do you remember where we first met?" Vivian asked, trying to confirm. Her mind was filled with questions.
If it was as she suspected and Manfred had somehow transmigrated his soul here, then did that mean he had died in his original world?
How did he die? Or perhaps it wasn't transmigration but physical time travel instead.
But the Manfred before her was clearly a few years younger.
And then, there was something else. There was a coldness and
his features that she had nose.
before. o
Swe
seen
Her thoughts flashed back to the woman in the cage-her warning.
"If you fall into Manfred's hands, you won't last a day. He won't even leave your body intact."
A chill ran down her spine-a sense of danger-and something far more terrifying.
There was an evil presence around him. Something that could
man's heart, making him Sect
. 
and
Manfred pressed a hand against his temple. The pain in his head slowly eased.
When he looked up again, Vivian was staring at him with caution.
Something inside him panicked. It was a strange, unexplainable fear. "Don't be afraid of me."
His voice softened-almost pleading.
Vivian barely responded. "Okay." But she didn't mean it.
How could she not be afraid?
If he was her Manfred, she wouldn't be scared at all. She'd even confess her feelings right away.
But now, she wasn't even sure who he was because he couldn't answer her question.
If he was really Manfred, he would remember their first meeting.
Some people were twisted, especially those tainted by dark forces. What if he had
only bought her for a sick game?
A game of cat and mouse.
Vivian made up her mind. She needed to be on guard to protect herself.
And the moment she got the chance-to escape.
Manfred could feel the change in her. moments ago, she him. Now, a
truste
had formed between the t
If the carriage weren't so cold, he had a feeling she would have thrown off the
cloak he gave her too.
His chest tightened. "I won't hurt you."
His voice was softer now. Something inside him whispered, "Don't scare her. Protect her."
###chapter1985
Soon, they arrived back at the estate.
As they stepped out of the carriage, Manfred suddenly spoke. "Keep the cloak on. Come into my arms."
Before Vivian could react, he had already pulled her in.
The cloak was large, completely enveloping her. Pressed against Manfred's chest, her face was completely hidden.
She then followed him into a grand, opulent estate like this.
Along the way, the sound of people dropping to their knees echoed in her ears.
Everyone bowed with the utmost reverence. "Greetings, Mr. Atkinson."
Her mind was in turmoil. She didn't know how to deal with this situation yet.
First, she needed to confirm his identity. Was he really the Manfred she knew? Then, she would decide her next move.
If he planned to kill her, she wouldn't go down without a fight. But she was also intrigued by the negative energy lingering around him.
Whatever it was-it wasn't ordinary. The moment she stepped into this estate, she could feel that overwhelming evil aura.
It was a presence that could corrode the mind and turn those staying in the house into nothing more than a bloodthirsty husk.
It would strip away one's humanity until the only way to quiet the rage was to kill.
Because Manfred held her close, she couldn't see the reactions around them. But she felt their stares.
No one in this household had ever seen Manfred protect a woman. Much less hide her face.
The eerie strangeness of it left everyone in shock. What was going on with their lord?
The walk seemed endless. By the time they finally stopped, Vivian was covered in sweat.
The fox fur cloak was already warm. But being wrapped so tightly in Manfred's arms was like being pressed against a furnace.
She was burning up.
Finally, they arrived at a room. As soon as they stepped inside, the scent of incense filled her nose.
Vivian's brows furrowed.
At last, Manfred let go of her.
The first thing she did was throw off the cloak.
Then, she looked around the room. It was lavish and extravagant. It was totally fit for an emperor.
As Manfred stepped further inside, a sharp pain shot through his head again. He reached up and pressed against his temple.
Vivian studied him carefully. Every
little expression, every detail-this Manfred was identical to the one she knew. And yet, he didn't O remember anything about their past. 
So, was he really Manfred?
"Does your headache have anything to do with the incense?" she asked.
Manfred's hand froze. His gaze followed hers to the incense burner.
Wisps of fragrant smoke curled into the air. It was a familiar scent-one he had long been used to.
"Incense?" His eyes narrowed. Immediately, he strode forward.
Opening the burner, he sifted through the ashes inside.
Then, a thought surfaced. It was instinctive and certain. The incense was tampered with.
In fact, now that he thought about it, every single incense burner in this estate was suspicious.
These scents seemed to cloud the mind.
For days now, his thoughts had been in disarray and restless. He was
obsessed with those strandas nen images that ne
familiar
him.
Vivian watched him silently. She didn't interrupt him because at that moment-the way he focused, the way he thought deeply-looked exactly like her Manfred-like they were the same person. 
At last, he spoke. "You're right. The incense is tainted."
Vivian nodded. Of course, it was. But this incense was only a minor tool.
The real problem was the negative energy lurking within this estate. Everything here existed to serve it.
###chapter1986
Manfred ordered someone to remove the incense burner. Then, he commanded the servant not to tell anyone about Vivian's presence.
With the incense gone, the air felt fresher, and Manfred's headache eased.
Then, his gaze fell on Vivian.
The more he looked, the more captivated he became, and the harder it was to
look away.
Vivian felt a bit uneasy under his stare. After all, she still wasn't sure who he really
was.
For a moment, she didn't know what to say.
Then suddenly, her stomach let out a loud growl, snapping her back to reality.
She hadn't eaten in days.
For the past two days, she had been in a daze. And even when she was awake, those traffickers certainly wouldn't have fed her.
"I'm hungry. Is there any food?" she asked.
Manfred immediately called for a servant. "Prepare a meal. At once."
As the servant left, they cast Vivian a look. It was a look full of pity.
It was as if they were ordered to prepare her last meal.
Vivian's heart tightened, and a chill ran down her spine. Her instincts screamed danger. So, she quickly ran through the self-defense techniques she had learned since childhood in her head.
The vital points for a swift and deadly strike. Fast, precise and lethal. If she had to, she could protect herself.
"You're definitely important to me," Manfred suddenly spoke after the door closed. His tone was certain and serious.
But before she could react, the world around her darkened.
He was right in front of her. And then, his lips were pressed against hers.
Vivian's eyes widened. She shoved him away. "You-"
Manfred's eyes were dark. Yet within them, there was a flicker of something wild, uncontrollable.
Even he seemed shocked by his own desire. But now, he was even more certain that she mattered to him.
"Tell me about us. You're my woman, aren't you?" His voice was deep, intense. Though he phrased it as a question, his tone left no room for doubt. 
It was as if even if Vivian wasn't his woman before, she would be now.
This was the first time Vivian had seen this overbearing side of him.
First, he stole a kiss. Now, he declared her as his.
Unbelievable. This couldn't be Manfred.
And yet, her heart pounded. It was that familiar, fluttering feeling.
"Let me
some water first." She
quickly turned away and poured ne
herself a cup of tea before taking a sip. 
She really was starving and thirsty.
Then, she looked at him. "Alright. Then
then eme-how did you recognet
me? And do you know the head of Atkinson family?" Conte 
The moment she said that Manfred's expression changed.
His headache, which had just eased, surged back full force. And then, the voices
came.
Countless people were staring at him with awe and reverence.
Then, shouts rang in his ears. "Attack!"
"I'll kill a hundred barbarians!"
"I'll kill a thousand!"
"We'll slaughter them all!"
They followed him, seeing him as their only savior, their only light.
No matter how fierce the enemy was, they were fearless. Because he was fearless.
Manfred shut his eyes.
In the darkness, a voice called to him over and over again. "Manfred, Manfred, Manfred."
###chapter1987
The voice that he wanted to hold onto but had to let go.
Who was the head of the Atkinson family? Who was that woman?
Manfred's eyes suddenly snapped open. His gaze locked onto Vivian.
And in that instant, he knew.
The woman who had been haunting his thoughts these past few days, the one who appeared in his mind over and over again-was her.
The woman was standing right in front of him.
"Who is that head of the Atkinson family?" His voice was hoarse.
A thought surfaced in his mind-that the head of the Atkinson family was him.
Manfred was also him.
Vivian's heart pounded. "Have you always lived here?" she asked.
"They all call you Mr. Atkinson."
Manfred hummed a faint reply. But deep inside, a voice told him he did not like this identity.
Vivian was momentarily stunned. "I... I don't know where to begin. The Manfred I know looks exactly like you. And he was the head of the Atkinson family."
Manfred narrowed his eyes. He didn't like the way her eyes softened when she spoke of someone else. But at the same time, a strange sense of satisfaction filled him. It was as if some deep longing inside him was being fulfilled.
Lately, his mind felt more and more out of control.
Seeing Manfred remain silent, Vivian didn't press further.
Just then, a maid arrived with the meal.
It was an extravagant feast, filling the table with dishes.
The aroma was mouthwatering, making the already starving Vivian feel even hungrier.
"Eat," Manfred told her.
Vivian nodded and dug in.
From beginning to end, Manfred didn't eat. He just sat there watching her.
If it had been anyone else, they would've been too scared to continue eating.
But Vivian didn't care. Right now, nothing was more important than filling her stomach.
Even if she wanted to escape, she'd need energy to run.
Then, a "Mr.
came from outside.
We Mr. Atkinson Sr. u to bring thehel
ol
The moment he heard those words, Manfred's face darkened.
see
It was not in fear but with a killing intent so thick that it was almost tangible.
Vivian froze. She stopped eating. Mr. Atkinson Sr.? Manfred's father?
She had just arrived. Yet news had already reached his father?
Her instincts screamed that
Manfred's
father was dannet
looked at how
expression changed. Conte 
Even the servant who delivered the message had struggled to keep his voice steady.
Something was very, very wrong.
"Stay here. Do not leave this room." Manfred then stood up.
Before leaving, he turned back to look at her. "Remember. Don't step outside."
Vivian nodded. But just as Manfred reached the door, he suddenly stopped.
l.ne
Then, he turned back and pulled out a dagger from his waist before saying. Keep this on you. If anyone triesto hurt you, stab them in the neck." 
He even demonstrated the precise and deadly move as he spoke. Only then did
he finally leave the room.
Vivian picked up the dagger. It was razor-sharp.
The technique Manfred had just shown her would sever a person's artery. It would be an instant kill.
This man...
###chapter1988
He really looked like Manfred. And it seemed like he was Manfred.
"I need to observe him more. What if he really did transmigrate into another body,
but something went wrong, causing his memory loss? Could it be..."
Was he affected by the negative item lurking in this residence?
Her heartbeat sped up. A negative item...
If she found it, would she also find the Manfred she knew?
"Why didn't you bring the beauty along? Didn't you bring a woman back from the Bowman family's black market?" Jayden leaned back in his chair.
His tone was lazy but cold. It was as if the person standing before him wasn't his son but just another servant in his household whom he barely even cared about.
Manfred replied in a low voice, "I did bring a beauty back. But I just broke her arms and legs. She can't be moved now. If you hadn't summoned me, her face would already be unrecognizable."
"You touched her?" Jayden asked.
Manfred gave a faint hum.
That made Jayden's face darkened. "They say she's an exceptionally rare beauty. And you didn't feel even the slightest bit of pity?
"I heard you personally escorted her into the estate and even had her ride in your carriage. After all that, you still had the heart to ruin her?"
"Just for fun." Manfred's tone was completely indifferent. Even carrying a trace of twisted amusement.
"If you like beauties with broken limbs, I'll send her over now." His words were chilling.
Jayden studied his son's face for a moment before frowning and looking away. "No need."
He didn't like used toys. Besides, anyone Manfred had "played" with was as good as dead.
Even the most beautiful face would become revolting.
Back in the room, after Manfred left, Vivian ate a bit more-too much, actually.
After that, she paced around the room, digesting her food while looking for any traces of a negative item.
When she was looking around, she heard voices from the outside.
"The woman your lord brought back is inside?" The man's voice was sinister and unpleasant to the ear.
"Yes, Mr. Bowman."
The man asked, "Is she dead yet?"
The servant hesitated. Then answered carefully, "I... I'm not sure. Mr. Atkinson hasn't allowed anyone inside."
In truth, he wanted to say that
something was off today. Not only
had Manfred not tortured the
woman, he even had meals
prepared for her. She seemed perfectly fine from her arrivabuntil
his father summoned him 
It was a rare occurrence. But he still didn't believe she'd survive the night.
Once Manfred returned from his
meeting with Jayden, he would definitely be in a foul mood. And if he didn't vent that rage by killing or torturing someone, more people would suffer tomorrow. 
Sterling
sed a brow. "So she's still alive? Open the door. Let me take a
Ok she was sold by my take er after all. o?
"Plus, I haven't even seen what kind of beauty she is. I'd like to take a look."
On the way here, the butler, Noah Daily, had described her to him.
She was an exquisite beauty. And oddly, she seemed to resemble the woman Manfred had been searching for.
The servant hesitated. "Uh..."
Manfred had explicitly ordered that no one was to enter the room.
Sterling smirked. "You do know how close Manfred and I are, don't you? Are you saying I can't enter his room?"
Inside the room, Vivian tensed. Her guard went up instantly.
She couldn't see the man outside, but she knew he was dangerous.
And if he insisted on entering, it wouldn't be just to take a look.
But that wasn't the worst part. She could feel it-waves of negative energy.
This man carried a negative item on him—one that could corrupt the mind.
###chapter1989
"Mr. Atkinson ordered that no one is to enter. Please forgive me, Mr. Bowman." The servant hesitated but still blocked Sterling's path.
Because if Manfred found out they had disobeyed his orders, their fate would be horrible.
But something about Sterling was off today. Why was he so insistent on entering Manfred's room?
With all the beauties he had at his side, why was he so fixated on the one that Manfred had just brought back?
It made no sense.
Sterling's expression darkened.
The servant quickly lowered his head, not daring to meet Sterling's gaze.
Inside the room, Vivian took a deep breath. She tightened her grip on the dagger, remaining on full alert. She was afraid the servant outside wouldn't be able to stop Sterling.
Just as Sterling's shadow appeared before the door and was about to push it open, a cold voice suddenly rang out.
"What are you doing here?" It was Manfred's voice.
Sterling clearly hadn't expected Manfred to return so soon. He let out a few dry chuckles, trying to smooth things over.
"I heard you spent 10,000 dollars to buy a beauty from the black market. I was just curious-what kind of skills must she have for you to buy her outright?"
"I'm not in the mood today. Come back another time." Manfred's voice was cold.
It was the first time Sterling had ever been chased away by him. He was shocked.
Then, as if realizing something, he stepped closer to Manfred. "What's put you in a bad mood? Why don't I take you out to have some fun?"
Everyone in Everholm knew that he and Manfred were the closest of friends. His words had always held weight with Manfred.
But now, it was like Manfred had suddenly become a different person.
"Sterling, it's time for you to leave," Manfred said.
Sterling's expression darkened. What was going on with Manfred?
His gaze flicked down to the emerald pendant at his waist. Why wasn't it working?
Though confused, he didn't push further.
Before leaving, he gave the door one last thoughtful glance.
Once Sterling was gone, Manfred pushed open the door.
The moment he entered, he saw Vivian gripping the dagger, hiding in the corner.
It made him smile. "Good. No matter where you are in Everholm, you
must always stay alert. Always
be
ready to strike back. If you see an opening-take it. Never hesitate." 
He couldn't even explain why he was acting this way.
Lately, it felt like the people around him were hiding daggers behind their smiles.
Vivian exhaled in relief. "Alright, I understand."
Though Manfred had little
of being with Vivian, his ins
bullied.
him she wasn't the kind woman who would be easi 
Deep in his subconscious, he knew she was no ordinary woman.
"That man just now..." Vivian asked cautiously. "Do you trust him?"
Manfred raised a brow.
A faint trace of jealousy curled at the corner of his lips. "Are you curious about him?"
"Not curious-just suspicious." Vivian shook her head.
She hadn't seen Sterling's face, but she knew he carried a negative item, and that meant trouble.
"Suspicious? About what?" Manfred's mood lifted.
"You haven't answered my question. Answer me, and I'll tell you."
Manfred's mood rarely improved these days. For days, he had felt dull, lost, and trapped.
But suddenly, it felt like he was himself again. "Aside from you, I don't trust anyone."
He couldn't explain it. But his
instincts told him everything coute!
be fake except for the woman standing before him. 
###chapter1990
Manfred had to hold on tightly to the woman before him and trust her unconditionally.
Vivian was stunned. "You trust me?"
"Yes." Manfred's answer was firm and resolute-without a hint of doubt.
Then, he added, "Sterling is a treacherous man."
In the past, he hadn't seen it clearly. But in the past few days, he finally understood what kind of person Sterling really was.
He knew there was something strange about Sterling. But he couldn't quite explain what it was. Or perhaps it wasn't just Sterling but the entire Bowman family.
The Atkinson family had gone down the wrong path since Jayden's generation.
Hearing this, Vivian finally felt relieved. It seemed that Manfred had also seen through Sterling.
She then said, "There's something strange about him. He carries a negative item, and most negative items cause wicked thoughts in people.
"But some don't just harm their owner. They also affect those nearby, clouding their minds and making them lose control of their sanity."
Hearing this, Manfred's expression changed. "So it's a negative item? If Sterling carries one, is there one in this household too? Do I have it on me?"
As he spoke, a strange image flashed through his mind. Vivian pointed at a bronze mirror in it and said it was a negative item. This memory felt familiar, yet an eerie feeling rose within him.
He knew he was not Manfred of Everholm.
And this feeling became clearer the more time he spent with Vivian.
Vivian replied, "There's one in this household too. I can sense it nearby. I've looked around, and there's nothing in your room.
"But the negative item in this Atkinson household affects both you and your father.
And based on my estimation, it's been here for about 30 years."
It had been such a long time. By now, those affected were beyond saving.
Even if the evil was found, it would be nearly impossible to undo the damage. She could only improve the situation slightly.
But what was strange was that Manfred seemed to be affected far less than the others.
"30 years?" Manfred narrowed his eyes.
"Yes."
you situation in the manor,
can't
you to find it right now. Do
e any way to keep mo
from
being affected?" 
Vivian thought for a moment. "Yes. Do you have paper and ink?"
"I'll get them." Manfred left briefly.
When he returned, Vivian quickly drew two talismans. "Keep this on you
matter who carries a negative item, it won't be able to affect you." 
times. Never take it off. No
Without hesitation, Manfred placed the talisman close to his body.
By now, the sky had turned completely dark. Even with the candles lit, the room still felt dim.
Vivian was getting sleepy.
"Where am I sleeping tonight?" she asked.
Manfred glanced at the door. Then, in a deep voice, he said, "Don't sleep yet."
Vivian followed his gaze and heard a soft, delicate voice from outside the door. "Manfred, I'm looking for you." Then, a woman's shadow appeared in front of the door.
Manfred's aunt? Vivian immediately grabbed Manfred's sleeve and whispered, "She carries a negative item."
"The same one from 30 years ago?" Manfred asked.
"Probably not. The one she carries only affects women. It makes them lose control of their bodies-only craving intimacy at all times.
Ordinary marital relations can't
satisfy her." 
A trace of disgust flashed across Vivian's face.
"If I'm not mistaken, she's already engaged in unspeakable relations with her own
kin."
She hated negative items like this the most-the kind that ruined people's lives.
###chapter1991
Of course, if the owner of a negative item had a righteous heart, they wouldn't be so easily controlled by it.
But the person standing outside the door was clearly someone whose heart was already filled with wicked thoughts.
Under the evil 's influence, they likely felt no guilt, convinced they had done
nothing wrong.
"Manfred?" Miley's impatient voice came from outside. She pushed at the door, but it wouldn't budge.
Manfred's eyes were filled with disgust. "What do you want? Just say it."
Hearing his cold response, Miley wasn't surprised. Instead, she let out a soft, teasing laugh.
"Not letting your dear aunt in?" Her voice carried a sickly sweet charm enough to make a man go weak in the knees.
Vivian's frown deepened.
Manfred's gaze turned even colder. "It's inconvenient."
"Have you grown so distant from me?" There was a hint of mock sadness in Miley's voice.
"Seems like you have nothing important to say. Then don't disturb my rest."
"Rest?" Miley chuckled. "Didn't you bring back a beauty? The dark market says she's an exceptionally stunning woman. It's been so long since I've seen a new beauty. Why don't you let me take a look?"
Vivian was speechless. Why were so many people curious about her?
Not only that, Miley's tone carried a sense of entitlement-like she was inspecting a mere .
Manfred caught on immediately. His tone turned icy when he said, "You'd best not be curious. She's mine, and I'll do whatever I want with her."
Manfred's repeated refusals clearly enraged Miley. Her voice turned sharp. "Fine! Very well! You think you can truly become the head of the Atkinson family? Just wait. One day, when you come begging, even if you kneel, I won't show you any mercy!"
With that, Miley stormed away.
Vivian couldn't shake the feeling that something was very wrong with this world. Manfred's voice snapped her out of her thoughts. "I have a secret chamber. You'll sleep there tonight. No matter who comes, don't come out unless it's me."
Vivian didn't ask why.
From Sterling's and Miley's attitudes, she could already guess.
These people wanted her dead.
If Manfred didn't kill her, it might cause him trouble.
Even if she wasn't sure if this man was the real Manfred, she didn't want to burden him.
The secret chamber was hidden beneath Manfred's bed-a concealed mechanism.
It was underground but illuminated by several luminous pearls.
The chamber had everything she needed. So she felt safe enough to sleep there.
But Manfred did not rest. Instead, he activated another mechanism and left.
About half an hour later, he returned, dragging behind him a blood-soaked sack.
Then, he dumped its contents onto the floor. It was a mangled mess of body parts.
The parts were still recognize
and the
head a head, a leg was a leg-but nothing was intact, a face was unrecognizable. 
Manfred's eyes were ice cold as he spoke, "Come in."
Immediately, two servants entered.
"Dispose of this filth." His voice was void of emotion.
The two servants froze in terror. Their minds went blank.
That delicate, beautiful woman was
now
fleeing more than shreddede
flesh, And yet, they had
heard
from outside. 
No screams. No struggles. How was that possible?
Could it be that their lord had discovered
fnet
a new way to torture
people? One that made them
to scream? Unable to even struggle?
It was entirely possible.
But the servants of the Atkinson family were already used to dealing with such
things.
They quickly got to work, cleaning up the mess efficiently and silently.
###chapter1992
The fact that this beautiful woman had been killed without making a sound meant
that Manfred likely didn't enjoy noise anymore.
He preferred absolute silence.
Thinking this, the servants didn't dare to make a single sound.
Otherwise, they might end up like that woman.
It was a shame. Such a stunning beauty, and yet, Manfred showed no mercy. Tonight's entertainment was truly extraordinary.
Very soon, the news spread.
Jayden heard it and let out a cold laugh. "He's really getting more and more playful, isn't he?"
There was clear dissatisfaction in his tone.
A woman of rare beauty, and he hadn't even laid eyes on her before she was killed.
He now suspected that Manfred had done it on purpose. Just so he wouldn't have
to share. Even if he had to kill her, he could at least let him enjoy her first.
The news soon reached Sterling.
At first, he was still wondering what was wrong with Manfred. But when he heard this, he immediately burst into laughter.
"Now that's the Manfred I know! This is how he should be! As expected, he's becoming less and less human!"
Someone this cruel and inhuman could never become the true head of the Atkinson family.
Sooner or later, the Atkinson family would belong to him.
In fact, the Atkinson family was already on the brink of collapse. According to his plan, in three years, he would be able to devour the Atkinson family completely. And once he did, he would become the head of the Bowman family.
Thinking about this, Sterling's blood boiled with excitement.
It wouldn't be long now. Judging by how insane Manfred was acting, his victory was just around the corner.
In the silent late night, in a dimly lit room, Manfred lay on his bed, deep in sleep.
Suddenly, countless images began flashing through his mind. He felt like he was becoming more and more awake.
In those images, he saw himself surrounded by strangers. Yet, they all felt oddly familiar.
Among them was Vivian.
In those
human, And no matter thes
he
his
s had perfect control over
"Vivian..." He murmured the name
softly. It was as if he had been.
whispering it in his heart a billig
times over for years. 
Suddenly, a white light flashed before his eyes. And in that light, Vivian was taken away never to meet him again.
He snapped his eyes open. But there was not a trace of drowsiness. Immediately, he activated the mechanism and stepped into the secret chamber.
On the large bed, Vivian was fast asleep. Her breathing was light, but her sleep was deep.
However, her brows were furrowed in distress. It was as if she were having a troubling dream.
He sat beside her and simply watched her.
Perhaps it was the stillness of the night or the absolute silence of the chamber that made his heart feel strangely calm.
The visions from his dream seemed to be telling him something that he was the Manfred from that dream.
And perhaps due to the talisman on his chest, tonight he felt he could
easily suppress his urges
d and madness.
bloodshed and madness
Even his past memories and experiences felt distant, as if they belonged to someone else.
He thought to himself—it wouldn't be long now.
Soon, he would finally understand what these dreams meant. And most importantly, which Manfred was the real him.
###chapter1993
Manfred replied calmly, "I just got here not long ago. You should stay here for the next few days. There's food, water, and some books over there."
He had been waiting for her to wake up just so he could warn her.
The Atkinson family's situation was too complicated. If she showed herself outside, she would be in danger.
He needed this time to take care of some things.
Vivian wasn't about to risk her life. "Alright, I understand."
Since she had to stay here anyway, she could use this time to figure out how to get home.
Not long after, the two of them had breakfast together. Then, Manfred left the secret chamber.
Now, she was completely alone.
Occasionally, she could hear faint noises from outside. It was the servants talking.
She collected her thoughts and looked down at the bracelet on her wrist.
Nobody else could see it. But right now, it didn't seem to have any special effect. Could it help her go home?
Suddenly, a thought struck her. "How could I forget? I should've asked Manfred if he could see the bracelet!"
If he's really the real Manfred, then he should be able to see it.
She laughed at herself for being so slow to realize. But it wasn't too late.
She would just ask him when he returned.
To pass the time, she started flipping through the books Manfred had left for her. There were several of them covering all sorts of topics.
Some were about strange and mysterious tales. Others were historical records. She found them fascinating.
She was completely absorbed in reading when suddenly, a faint sound reached her ears.
She instantly held her breath.
Since the secret chamber was right under the bed, she could hear everything happening in the room above.
Someone had entered. Was it Manfred?
A woman's voice rang out. "Why was the incense burner removed?"
She had heard this voice last night. It was Manfred's aunt-Miley.
Why would Miley enter his room when he wasn't here? And why was the first thing she asked about the incense burner?
"Mr. Atkinson ordered it removed
bet
be
yesterday. He didn't ask for it to t back today either," a servant answered. 
Miley's expression turned cold. She seemed deep in thought. "Has Manfred been
acting strange these past two days?"
The servant replied, "Manfred has
been even more ruthless than
. That beautiful woman el
not
part of her was left intact."
Miley sneered. "Don't tell him I was here."
"Yes."
Then, Miley left.
Hearing this conversation, Vivian had a strong feeling that Manfred was surrounded by enemies.
Everyone around him wanted him dead. And they were all plotting against him.
Manfred had been gone for two days. Luckily, there was enough food and water in the secret chamber.
Still, she was starting to worry about him.
Based on her calculations, it should be nighttime now. She contemplated if she should go outside.
Just
sound came from
outside the chamber. She
gripping a dagger tightly in her hand. 
Her eyes locked onto the chamber entrance. She was fully alert.
Then, the door to the secret chamber slowly opened.
A tall, slender figure stepped inside.
The moment she saw who it was, Vivian let out a breath of relief.
###chapter1994
Vivian's eyes brightened when she saw Manfred. "You're finally back!" But her relief turned to dread the moment she took in Manfred's appearance.
His steps faltered as he approached, and when light hit his face, she saw how pale he was. Blood streaked across his torn clothes, soaking the fabric.
A deep wound carved into his chest, fresh blood still oozing from it.
"You're hurt!" she gasped.
Manfred lifted his gaze, his eyes locking onto hers. "Don't worry. I'm fine. See that cabinet over there? There are medical supplies inside. Just help me dress the wound. Don't worry."
His body gave out as soon as he finished speaking.
Vivian rushed forward, catching him before he collapsed completely. Her face turned pale at the sight of the wound up close. It was still bleeding steadily.
Her experience tending to Manfred's wounds in the past gave her the confidence to act quickly. Without hesitation, she ripped off his torn shirt.
The full extent of the injury became clear, and she stopped, stunned. "This is far worse than I imagined," she murmured. "It's so deep!"
She shook off her shock and ran to the cabinet. Inside an assortment of medicine bottles sat in neat rows. She grabbed an ornate bottle at random.
Manfred's wound was a brutal gash, the flesh ripped open and raw. It was deep, spanning a wide area, and the risk of infection loomed large if not treated properly.
Her supplies, likely pilfered during her unconsciousness in the black market, were nonexistent. She had no choice but to trust the bottle in her hand.
By the time she finished treating him, sweat dripped from her brow.
Manfred remained unconscious, his face still as pale as death.
"Manfred, hold on. You can't give up now!"
Her mind raced with questions. What had happened in the past two days? His injuries were far worse than she'd anticipated. And who had done this to him? Before she realized it, she had drifted into an exhausted sleep at his bedside.
She awoke with a start, disoriented. How long had she been out? A sudden noise from beyond the hidden chamber jolted her awake.
"Manfred?" she called softly.
From outside the hidden chamber, she heard voices. A maid's anxious tone answered someone. "Mr. Bowman, Mr. Atkinson hasn't been in the mansion for the past two days. We're telling the truth." 
Then came Miley's voice. "Manfred has been acting strange lately. He used to be easy to read, but now he's completely unreadable. Do you think someone's whispering things to him?" 
"I think so too. No one has seen him for the last couple of days," Sterling replied,
his tone cold. He began scanning the area around him.
Miley frowned in confusion. "What are you looking at?"
Sterling narrowed his eyes, his expression cold. "Do you smell blood?"
Vivian's heart skipped a beat. She instinctively reached for the dagger beside her.
Miley scoffed, "Blood? Have you forgotten whose room this is? This is Manfred's room. People die here all the time.
"Even if the room is cleaned thoroughly, the stench of blood lingers. And since he got rid of the candle jars, there's nothing to cover the smell anymore."
While talking, she gave Sterling a playful, flirtatious look.
Sterling smirked, a glint of mischief in his eyes. "You make a good point."
"But Manfred's definitely changed. He's much more aggressive now, if you ask
me," Miley remarked, a hint of knowingness in her voice.
Sterling's gaze darkened.
The room was dimly lit, and their gazes met in a fleeting, almost imperceptible clash.
Had the maid standing nearby dared to lift her head, she would have been shocked. No one would have
imagined Miley and Sterling
entangled like this, especiallyl.net?
their age gap. In public, Sterling still called her "Aunt Miley". 
Vivian held her breath, not daring to make a sound. Sterling was sharp. If he could
detect the scent of blood, he could just as easily sense something else was amiss.
His gaze swept the room again, and his expression shifted. "Something's not right. This scent isn't old," he said, his voice low. "It's fresh."
###chapter1995
Vivian inhaled sharply at Sterling's words.
"Fresh?" Miley tensed, her eyes scanning the room with renewed alertness.
She turned to the maid standing by the door. "Has Manfred been back these past two days? Or has anyone else died in this room recently?"
The maid immediately replied, "No, Mr. Atkinson hasn't returned, and no one has entered his room in his absence. But two days ago, a woman—a beauty, died here."
Miley raised a brow and glanced at Sterling. "You're overthinking it. You know how Manfred is. Wherever he's been these past two days, someone's probably suffering for it."
Sterling remained skeptical, his sharp gaze sweeping the room again, restless and searching. Once suspicions took root, he wouldn't stop until he unearthed the truth.
Something was off.
He began pacing.
The sound of his footsteps echoed in the hidden chamber. The sound was enough to send shivers down the spine, but Vivian remained unmoved. Her lips were a firm line, her gaze steady and unafraid.
"There's nothing here. Let's go," Miley urged.
Sterling's search of the room yielded nothing. Frustration tightened his features. He was ready to give up and follow Miley when his eyes snagged on something- the wall. From there, his gaze moved to the bed.
Miley's patience snapped as she saw Sterling still lingering. "What now? Stop dawdling, and let's go."
Dawn was still hours away. It had been ages since they'd had any fun together. She refused to let this night slip by.
Sterling ignored her and took a step toward the bed.
Before he could get closer, a loud voice called from outside the door. "Mr. Bowman, something's happened to Mr. Edson!"
Sterling's expression darkened instantly.
"What happened? Tell me on the way!" He didn't hesitate he was out of the door in moments.
There were secrets here ones that couldn't be exposed, especially in the Atkinson residence.
Miley's expression iced over as she watched him leave without so much as a backward glance. The excitement from moments ago vanished. "Men... they're all the same!"
They sweet-talked and clung when they needed her, only to abandon her the second something more pressing arose. But she had no intention of spending the night alone. 
Still, her mind wandered. What was wrong with Sterling's father, Edson Bowman? Was he ill?
...
Vivian only loosened her grip on the dagger once she was certain they were gone.
Her gaze felt on the unconscious Manfred. Some people around you are corrupted by the negative items. Others are just naturally cruel. If you don't wake up soon, they'll uncover this hidden chamber. And 
She hesitated, wondering if Edson's predicament was also connected to Manfred.
It seemed too coincidental.
She was certain Manfred was capable of such a scheme.
She had read enough time-travel novels to know the tropes. Often, a person's personality would shift dramatically after a crossover. Miley and Sterling's earlier comments about Manfred's recent oddo behavior echoed this trope. 
The possibility that the Manfred she knew had somehow traversed time settled in
her mind, her heart pounding at the mere thought.
Just then, in his unconscious state, Manfred murmured one word, "Vivian..."
It was her name.
"You're the Manfred I know, aren't you? The one I love. I know it's you! You're not someone who waits for destiny. You make your own."
He had always taken control of his fate, no matter the circumstances. Even if hell awaited, Manfred would carve his own path.
###chapter1996
Under the pitch-black night sky, deep within Galaxy Villa, Skylar jolted awake. "Vivian?" she gasped, her eyes flying open.
Beside her, Joe stirred, his gaze soft with concern. "What's wrong? Is it another dream about Vivian?"
"Yes, I saw her in my dream," Skylar murmured, her forehead beaded with cold sweat. "She's in trouble, I think."
They were deeply worried about Vivian, their most vulnerable point. Yet, their concern was tragically offset by their complete inability to do anything. Their dreams were their only source of information, but they were frustratingly vague.
Joe's expression hardened with quiet determination. "Don't worry. If Vivian was strong enough to bring us home, she'll find her way back too."
Joe had faith in his daughter. Vivian was kind, but she was never fragile.
Skylar got out of bed and made her way to the vanity as Joe switched on the bedside lamp. There it sat-a copper mirror they'd won at an auction not long ago. It was identical to the one that had brought them home.
The mirror held an unexplainable energy. Sometimes, they could almost feel Vivian through it.
"She'll return safely. We just need to wait for her."
Skylar nodded, but something else weighed on her mind. "Hadwin's been asking questions about her-nonstop. He keeps pushing for her contact information. I don't know how much longer I can deflect him."
Joe's expression hardened. "Leave it to me. I'll talk to him. He and Vivian aren't meant to be. I'll make sure he focuses his attention elsewhere."
Skylar sighed in relief. With Joe's help, Hadwin would surely stop his inquiries about Vivian. Perhaps, she hoped, he'd finally stop thinking about her altogether.
She knew Vivian's feelings on the matter-Vivian saw Hadwin as nothing more than a brother.
Time passed quickly. Two days passed like a fleeting shadow.
Manfred remained unconscious, though there was one piece of good news-his wounds hadn't worsened. No infection. No fever.
Aside from Sterling's visit the night before last, no one else had come by.
Vivian spent every spare moment by Manfred's side, talking to him. She spoke
of everything and nothing?
voice filling the silence. 
her
When exhaustion crept in, she would sip water and lose herself in her book. The massive tome had taken her days to conquer.
She was about to pick up another when the faintest noise reached her ears.
Sterling's sharp voice sliced through the air. "Search the bed. There must be a hidden chamber underneath."
"Yes, Mr. Bowman."
Panic darted
Red Vivian's chest. She
Manfred, shaking him
urgently. "Manfred, wake net
They're
about to find the secret chamber!" 
Manfred didn't stir.
M'S
Desperate Vivian activated a hidden switch on the bed, a secret mechanism she'd accidentally discovered-an emergency measure
designed to conceal someone beneath the bed. 
The designer of the secret chamber had been ingenious, anticipating every contingency. However, it was only designed for one.
As the mechanism engaged, Manfred tumbled from the bed, and the bed reset itself.
###chapter1997
Vivian hastily rumpled the bed, hoping to make the scene appear as innocent as possible. Her eyes darted around the room, searching for any trace that Manfred had left behind.
Only when she was certain the chamber was spotless did she snatch up her dagger and turn toward the door, every muscle in her body taut with vigilance.
She knew it was only a matter of time before Sterling found her.
Still, a small hope clung to her-perhaps Manfred's secret chamber was cleverly designed enough to escape detection.
But Sterling was no fool.
If anyone else had been searching, they might have given up after searching for a while. Sterling, however, had a reputation for dogged persistence.
The idea of the secret chamber had taken root in his mind, and he wouldn't be dissuaded. Unless he tore the entire place apart, there would be no end to his hunt.
Just as the pounding of Vivian's heart reached a fevered pitch, the chamber's door groaned open.
"There really is a secret chamber!"
A low, triumphant exclamation gave way to Sterling's familiar, mocking tone. "Did you really think a trick like this could fool me?"
Then, he stepped into view.
Vivian had heard his voice countless times but had never seen him in person. His appearance was as arresting as his voice-sharp features and a charm that was impossible to ignore. Yet, beneath that exterior was something cold and predatory, his eyes filled with a bone-chilling darkness.
His presence, shadowed by the negative item he always carried, radiated an unsettling, almost malevolent energy-one that instinctively drove people to recoil.
"A woman?"
"Mr. Bowman, she's a beauty!"
Two men gasped in surprise.
Sterling's gaze finally landed on Vivian, and something flickered in his eyes-a mingling of curiosity and admiration.
In that instant, he understood everything about the stunning woman before him.
"Well, well never suspected
Manfred had a soft spot for women.
It turns out he's been hiding a
beauty. So, you're the one get
from my black market, aren't you?" 
Sterling's striking looks were matched by a deceptively gentle tone when he spoke to attractive women.
Vivian's instincts blared. This man was a complete psychopath.
Her grip on the dagger tightened, her stance unwavering. She didn't plan to answer him.
Sterling's brow arched slightly, but
he wasn't fazed. "No need to be
scared. I'm not like Manfred. I've always had a weakness for beautiful
women. I would never hurt one. If
you're honest with me, I won't make
things difficult for you. In fact, I'll
even help you escape
this
nightmare." 
Vivian remained silent. As far as she was concerned, he was just
spouting nonsense. She'd have ne
completely out of her mind to
to be
believe a word of it. fo 
The Bowman family's black market had trafficked so many innocent women, ruining their lives forever.
A man like him couldn't possibly have a soft spot for women.
Her silence only piqued Sterling's interest. He liked the game-the thrill of the hunt.
Most women feared him at first sight, but this one-not only was she breathtakingly beautiful, but there was steel in her spine.
Perhaps that was why Manfred had hidden her.
Sterling's eyes flicked to the room again. Where was Manfred? He hadn't sensed anyone else here.
The chamber itself was nearly bare. Aside from a few cabinets, there weren't many places to conceal anything—or anyone.
He took his time, his gaze sweeping every corner before he began closing the distance between them.
"The blade doesn't discriminate. Take one step closer, and I'll kill you," Vivian said coldly.
Sterling halted. His eyes gleamed with intrigue as he studied her again.
Not only was she beautiful, but her figure was stunning-a slender waist and delicate wrists.
###chapter1998
Sterling studied Vivian's delicate frame, noting how fragile her slender wrists seemed. It wouldn't take much to snap them. And yet, this fragile-looking woman dared to threaten him.
It was the funniest thing he'd heard in ages.
"Have you ever killed anyone?" Sterling asked with a smirk, his tone laced with amusement. He could tell at a glance her eyes were too clear, untouched by bloodshed. No killer carried such purity in their gaze.
He had seen enough killers to know the difference.
Vivian's face remained impassive. "If you don't believe me, come closer."
Sterling chuckled, clapping his hands together in a slow, mocking rhythm. "Well, well," he drawled. "So this is how you convinced Manfred to keep you alive? Impressive. But let's see if your talents are equally... diverse."
He turned to the two men flanking him. "Take her."
With that order given, he shot Vivian a final glance before striding toward a nearby cabinet. He yanked the door open. It was empty save for a few bottles and jars.
Suddenly, a scream shattered the quiet.
Sterling spun.
One of the men had his throat slit, blood gushing from the wound. The other gripped his wrist, blood dripping between his fingers.
The attack was swift and precise. The tables had turned in seconds.
Sterling's amusement vanished. His gaze hardened. "You dare fight back? Let me show you what defiance costs."
With that, he flicked his wrist, a fine powder scattering through the air.
Vivian's dagger still dripped with blood. She didn't react fast enough.
The moment she inhaled, her vision blurred, the world tilting. Darkness crashed over her.
Her consciousness faded as she felt herself being lifted into Sterling's arms.
Everything after that was a blur. She was carried out of the hidden chamber. Then, nothing.
An hour passed before a faint mechanical sound clicked from beneath the bed.
A moment later, Manfred emerged from beneath it.
Waking up trapped beneath the bed's hidden mechanism, he immediately knew something was wrong.
"Vivian?" His voice was low, urgent.
No one answered.
His gaze swept the small secret chamber. She was nowhere to be seen.
His gaze fell on a dark red stain on the floor. His heart seized.
"Vivian!"
Vivian drifted in and out of consciousness for what felt like an eternity. The moment she stirred, she knew she had been taken from the secret chamber. 
She kept her eyes shut.
A delicate, subtle scent hung in the air.
Soon, she overheard hushed voices.
"She's so beautiful! Mr. Bowman must really care if he's having us serve her."
"No matter how beautiful she is,
she's just a woman from the black market. We're official maids of
Bowman family. There's no way someone like her could ever
compare to us. She's just a
overn
plaything, nothing more. No need to
fuss over her." 
"You have a point. But wouldn't it be nice to have her face? If only I looked like her instead of being so plain."
"I don't envy her. In this world, beauty without power or status is more of a curse than a blessing."
Their voices were barely above a whisper, likely cautious of being overheard.
Vivian didn't care about their words
What
informattered was the hidden
information between the between the lines she
sin Bowman Residence 
Sterling hadn't killed her. But placing her here wasn't an act of mercy.
The negative item he carried ensured that he was incapable of such a thing.
###chapter1999
Escape was paramount, as was ensuring her own safety. Vivian didn't know if Manfred had woken up yet. The thought of him trapped under the bed, possibly gasping for air, gnawed at her.
She had no idea how long she'd been out. She could only pray he was safe and that he would find her. But would Manfred realize Sterling was behind her disappearance?
As her mind raced, the door suddenly opened.
"Has she woken up yet?"
"No, Mr. Bowman. I've been watching her this whole time, and she hasn't stirred."
Sterling narrowed his eyes. "She should be awake by now."
The two maids kept their heads down, unsure of how to respond. They had no way of knowing exactly when she would wake up.
Sterling loomed over the bed, scrutinizing Vivian.
Pretending to be asleep might fool the maids, but Sterling wouldn't be so easily deceived. Without hesitation, Vivian opened her eyes.
Their gazes met instantly.
A flicker of amusement lit Sterling's eyes. "Awake?"
Vivian sat up. Just one look at him made her skin crawl.
"From now on, you will stay here as my mistress," Sterling declared. He wasted no time and openly bestowed Vivian with a title.
The two maids kneeling beside the bed gasped, their expressions full of disbelief. None had expected such an elevation in status for a woman of Vivian's origins.
A beauty acquired from the black market like her—a lowborn-had no right to stand at Sterling's side. Yet, here she was, receiving what many in the mansion would only dream of.
Vivian coldly said, "I belong to Manfred."
Vivian had no weapon on her. If she had a dagger, she would have taken her chance to hold Sterling hostage and flee Bowman Residence.
Sterling didn't flinch at her rejection. Instead, he let out a hearty laugh.
"Manfred's woman? Do you even know what kind of man he is? You'd rather be with him than with me? If word spread in Everholm, they'd think you'd gone mad." 
His smirk was mocking, like he'd heard the most ridiculous joke.
Vivian didn't find it funny.
His amusement evaporated, replaced by a dark glare as he leaned closer. "Do you really think you have a choice here?"
To Sterling, women had no power. Their lives and survival were bound to the men who owned them. Resistance only invited ruin.
No matter how captivating Vivian was, if she defied him, he wouldn't hesitate to make her regret it.
Vivian lowered her gaze, choosing silence. There was no point in arguing now. She had no weapon, no opportunity, and too many eyes on her.
Sterling
preted her silence as
shifted to a
one. "Behave, andet
five
r than you ever imagined." 
That face of hers—he had plans for it.
He knew too many people would be vying for the attention of such a beautiful
woman.
"You must be hungry."
He then promptly instructed the maids, "Go prepare a meal for my beauty. Make
sure she's well taken care of."
He turned back to Vivian with a calculated smile. "I'll be back
Be good and wait for me. Done?!
even
think about running. You won't get
far." 
He knew exactly what kind of man Manfred was. A woman meant nothing to him.
If she disappeared, Manfred wouldn't bother to search.
So, there was nothing to worry about.
Sterling would enjoy her first. Then, he'd pass her on to his most loyal followers.
Besides, Edson's time was running out. He should've died from the assassination attempt, yet he still clung to life.
And as for the mastermind behind it all-no leads.
Sterling couldn't shake the suspicion that it might have been Manfred himself.
###chapter2000
Manfred hadn't been at Atkinson Residence for the past few days, and no one knew his whereabouts.
Sterling brushed off the thought. He doubted Manfred's capacity for such action.
Years of manipulation had reduced Manfred to a shell of a man, utterly incapable of carrying out something like Edson's assassination, especially given the constant security surrounding him.
An unseen force appeared to be at work in Everholm, and the thought of this left Sterling uneasy. He prided himself on knowing everything that happened in
Everholm, yet this was beyond his grasp.
With a furrowed brow, he turned and left.
The two maids, despite their disdain for Vivian, had no choice but to obey Sterling's orders. They hadn't been fortunate enough to earn his favor.
Once the maids left to fetch her meal, Vivian sprang into action. She rushed to the door, cracked it open, and scanned the hallway.
Two men stood guard just down the corridor with swords at their sides and sharp, disciplined stances. They were clearly trained fighters.
That explained the unlocked door.
The maids had left without worry, knowing the residence was as secure as a fortress.
Vivian was certain more guards lurked in the shadows. Escaping the sprawling Bowman Residence seemed impossible. But she refused to resign herself to this fate.
Her eyes darted around the room, searching for paper and pen. By a stroke of luck, she found both.
Snatching the pen, she quickly sketched a series of patterns on the paper. Each pattern was carefully folded and hidden where no one would easily notice.
Not long after, the maids returned with a tray of food, and on it was a plate of vegetables, a serving of roasted meat, and a steaming bowl of mashed potatoes.
"Quickly eat before it gets cold. Afterward, we'll take you to bathe. Tonight, you need to serve Mr. Bowman properly. Don't be as clueless as before. If you anger him again, your life will be over. Do you understand?"
One of the maids was slightly kinder than the other. Though she looked down on Vivian, she didn't want to see her die.
If Vivian angered Sterling, the maids would also suffer the consequences, which could cost them their lives.
Vivian didn't answer. She smiled instead. "Have you two served the Bowman family since childhood?"
"Yes, we were born into service here," one answered, her tone laced with pride.
Vivian's smile deepened. "That's nice."
Her talismans would work perfectly.
If the maids were new, they wouldn't have been affected by the residence's negative energy yet.
Atkinson Residence had plenty of
negative items, but Bowman
Residence had even more. It was practically a breeding ground for dark energy. 
Her talismans were crafted specifically to counter that energy the stronger the negative energy attached to someone, the greater the effect. 
"You'll be Mr. Bowman's mistress soon. Many would envy the life
you're about to have. There's nol
need for you to envy us," one of the maids added. 
Vivian simply responded, "Alright." But in her mind, she was counting down the seconds.
It wasn't long before the effects set in.
The two maids shook their heads, slightly dazed as they gazed at Vivian.
"I don't know why, but my head suddenly hurts."
"Mine too. It feels like my skull's being split apart."
"Then you should rest," Vivian suggested, her voice carrying a subtle, hypnotic undertone.
The two nodded. "Alright." They pressed their hands to their temples and stumbled out of the room.
###chapter2001
An hour later, the tightly shut door creaked open, and Sterling entered. He moved with slow, deliberate steps, closing the distance between them.
Seeing Vivian sitting quietly on the bed, he curled his lips in satisfaction. "Not bad. You're smart. Once you calmed down, you figured out exactly what needed to be done."
"You're smart too. I know you carry negative items. They're everywhere here. You use them to harm people. Do they even realize how you've been manipulating them?" Vivian said coldly.
Sterling abruptly halted, his eyes filled with disbelief as he stared at her.
Up close, the woman before him was even more breathtaking than he had realized. Her every movement carried a rare and mesmerizing quality.
But that wasn't important. What mattered now was this-she shouldn't have known. She couldn't have known that he carried negative items on him.
"How did you find out? Who told you?" His voice was sharp, urgent. He took another step, looming over her with oppressive intent.
An ordinary person would have quailed under his gaze, but Vivian didn't even flinch.
She had faced far worse than Sterling before. Compared to them, he was insignificant.
"If you don't want people to know, then don't do it in the first place," she said.
Sterling's expression darkened. He reached for her throat without hesitation, ready to choke the truth out of her.
But before his fingers touched her skin, a sudden, searing pain ripped through him.
His whole body locked up. He staggered backward. Cold sweat broke out across his forehead as the agony intensified.
"What the hell is this?"
Vivian remained expressionless. "You use negative items to hurt others, but they can hurt you too. What you're experiencing right now is the backlash. You won't be sleeping well tonight." 
She had used this technique to counter Sterling, knowing full well that it would also affect her.
Skylar had warned her to never use this method unless necessary. The consequences could be severe, possibly leaving her gravely ill.
Even now, she felt it. Her face had gone pale.
But Sterling's endurance was monstrous. Despite the backlash, he didn't scream. He simply bit down hard enough to draw blood and locked his gaze onto her, his eyes burning with ruthless intent. 
"Did you do something?" he asked.
"No." Vivian lied without the slightest hesitation.
Cold sweat broke out on Sterling's face and back. His voice was now sharp and accusatory. "You're not just some lowly commoner. Who are you? Tell me!"
A commoner wouldn't know about negative items. Very few did.
The master had promised him secrecy-no soul in Everholm would ever know his secret usage of negative items. He had also been assured that these items were completely safe; any effects they might have would only be
advantageous. 
"There are no lowly commoners," Vivian said. "I'm just an ordinary person. Mr. Bowman, I can stop the backlash. But you'll have to agree to two conditions."
Sterling said nothing, his narrowed eyes cutting into her as he tried to unravel her thoughts and intentions.
###chapter2002
Sterling had been set up for the first time, by a woman.
"Tell me who you are first." His voice was laced with fury. If Sterling had his way, Vivian's neck would already be snapped.
The sheer audacity of negotiating with him! She must have a death wish.
Vivian saw the murderous intent in his eyes. "I know you want to kill me. Maybe even my entire family. But forget it. Even if you throw everything you have, you won't be able to touch us.
"As for me? Kill me, and the negative item's backlash will drive you mad. Sooner or later, the mighty Bowman family will crumble, and you'll have nothing."
"You!" Sterling was livid. He had never expected such a crushing defeat.
"Fine. What are your terms?" He ground the words out, already planning how she would pay for this threat.
Vivian exhaled slowly, fighting the weakness in her limbs. She could still move, but running was no longer an option.
Her only option was to stall Sterling long enough. "First, give me five million dollars. Second, arrange a carriage to take me safely out of here. Meet these terms, and I'll lift the backlash."
Sterling let out a cold chuckle. "You've got guts, demanding that much."
"Just two conditions. I know that you are wealthy beyond measure. A mere five million is nothing to someone like you." Vivian smiled slightly.
Sterling's gaze sharped. "What's your relationship with the so-called master who gave me the negative item? Were you both in on this from the start? Was this some scheme to rob me blind?"
Everholm had always been his domain. His plans were meticulous, his influence absolute. Every pawn moved at his command. Yet today, a mere trickster had outplayed him.
The item that once empowered him had cursed him from the shadows.
He cursed it—and her.
Vivian's eyes glinted. She hadn't even considered this angle, but now that he had suggested it...
Her eyes flickered as she spoke, a hint of false admiration in her voice. "Mr. Bowman, you see right through me."
"You're smart. Fine, I agree to your terms. Now lift the backlash," Sterling hissed.
Vivian shook her head. "I'm not that foolish. If I help you now, I'll leave this mansion as a corpse. You've got no choice. In 30 minutes, the pain will be unbearable."
With that, she leaned back in her chair and closed her eyes, ignoring him completely.
Outwardly, she looked calm, but cold sweat soaked her back. Her strength was waning fast. If not for her fear of Sterling noticing, her breathing would have already betrayed her.
"Fine!" Sterling gritted his teeth and relented. He ordered his men to prepare five million dollars and ready the carriage.
Vivian moved slowly as she left the mansion, each step feeling like a battle against collapse.
Skylar had been right-this method was something she could only use once in her lifetime. It drained too
much of her energy. It was a strategy that harmed her enemy but also left her severely weakened. 
But it was the only solution she had. There was no other way out.
Behind her Sterling kept his face blank, though the pain inside him had intensified. His body felt like it was being ripped apart inch by inch. Yet he endured it all without a hint of weakness. 
This was the kind of man Manfred was up against.
Vivian barely made it to the back entrance before collapsing into the carriage. She
thought she was free-until Sterling climbed in right after her.
As the curtain fell, his face twisted with pain. "Where do you want to go?" he
asked through gritted teeth.
Vivian froze. She hadn't planned this far. All she wanted was to get far away from Bowman Residence, But going to Manfred wasn't an option-the Atkinson family's situation was too dangerous. 
For all she knew, setting foot there could be a death sentence.
So...
###chapter2003
Vivian said, "I need you to take me out of Everholm."
Leaving Everholm was her only chance to escape Sterling's watchful eye.
Right now, her only option was to leave Everholm and escape Sterling's sight. She would return when the time was right.
Sterling sneered. "So you planned this all along. I underestimated you!"
Sterling wondered if she truly believed that leaving Everholm meant she could escape him.
Vivian said, "I know what you're thinking-that no matter where I go, you'll find me. But I'd advise you to reconsider. That negative item clings to you. If you come near me again or send someone after me, I'll make sure you suffer another backlash.
"The master must have told you that the negative item is bound to you permanently. As long as you send me away from Everholm, it won't affect you anymore."
Sterling's ruthless nature urged him to strike her down. He never hesitated when it came to killing. But now? He couldn't act on impulse. His eyes darkened as he stared at her.
"You feel it now, don't you?" Vivian continued. "Every nerve is screaming in pain. You have bigger ambitions, Mr. Bowman. Don't waste your time on me—or your life, for that matter."
His jaw clenched. "You're clever. Fine. Once you're out of Everholm, I won't pursue you. But you are never to return to Everholm."
Vivian offered him a faint smile. "Deal."
The carriage soon passed through Everholm's gates.
When it came to a stop, Vivian pulled a talisman from her sleeve and handed it to Sterling. "Keep this on you. It'll ease the backlash immediately."
Sterling never thought he would end up in such a pathetic state. He snatched the talisman and pressed it to his chest. Relief washed over him, the agony that had nearly
broken him easing at once. 
He studied Vivian as she lifted the carriage curtain, her sharp gaze scanning their surroundings.
Before he could entertain thoughts
of breaking his word, she spoke, ber
tone cold. "Forget already, Mr.
Bowman? If I die, my mentor will make sure your suffering never ends." 
Sterling bit down hard, tasting blood. "You really thought this through, didn't you?"
"Tell your coachman to unhitch the carriage," Vivian said sharply. "I'll take a horse."
Sterling gave the order.
As they prepared to part, a familiar voice rang out. "Sterling, you dare lay a hand on my people?"
Sterling's face darkened, while excitement flared in Vivian's eyes. Without hesitation, she jumped from the carriage. "Manfred!"
The moment Manfred saw her, the icy glint in his eyes softened. "Come here."
Vivian ran straight into his arms.
Sterling stared at Manfred in
disbelief. You knew all along, didn't you? So, all these years, you've been playing me for a fool? I was nothing more than a pawn in your grand
scheme?" 
It was finally clear. He had believed himself the mastermind, but he was the one outmaneuvered.
Manfred had been playing the fool while hiding his true strength all along.
Manfred's gaze flickered slightly. Then, he caught Vivian winking at him.
###chapter2004
Manfred immediately understood the reason. He smirked at Sterling. "At least you figured it out before it was too late."
Sterling's hatred for Manfred burned fiercely. There was no longer a need to keep up the pretense. His voice dripped with malice. "Manfred, you came alone, didn't you? Do you really think I can't make you disappear without a trace right here and now?"
"You don't have the ability," Manfred replied coldly, his tone laced with superiority.
It was as if Sterling's petty tricks weren't even worth his time.
Sterling sneered. "Manfred, you're not leaving Everholm today."
He raised his hand and gave a sharp whistle.
Immediately, shadows emerged from the darkness-his hidden guards.
Vivian's heart skipped a beat at the sight of them.
However, Manfred remained unfazed, barely sparing them a glance. "Your father died half an hour ago. And as we speak, your brothers are scrambling back to Bowman Residence."
The meaning was clear-if Sterling didn't return now, he might not have a home to go back to.
Sterling's expression darkened. "How did they find out he was assassinated?"
According to his plan, no one but him should have known about the
assassination. The moment Edson died, Sterling was supposed to be the first at his bedside, securing his position as the rightful heir.
But now, somehow, word had spread.
He immediately glanced at the guards surrounding him and barked, "Return to Everholm!"
At his command, the hidden guards immediately retreated with him.
Before leaving, he shot Vivian and Manfred a venomous glare.
Vivian smirked inwardly. "You're barely holding on, Mr. Bowman. Once the negative items backfires they won't fade so easily. As long as the talisman I hid in Bowman
wnove
Residence remains, you will continue to suffer the
backlash-again and again." 
Manfred lowered his head, looking at Vivian. "Did he hurt you? Were you scared?"
Vivian smiled faintly. "He didn't get the chance to hurt me. I found a way to make
the negative items in his home and on his body turn against him.
"He was in so much agony that he had no choice but to let me leave originally planned to leave Everholm first and find an opportunity to come back for you. I didn't expect you to find me first." 
Seeing that Manfred was safe, she finally let out a breath of relief.
As she grasped Manfred's sleeve, warmth radiated from the bracelet on her wrist. A faint glow surrounded it.
Manfred followed her gaze. "The bracelet... It wasn't taken by the people from the black market?"
At his words, Vivian's eyes turned red. She lifted her head, staring at him in shock. "You can see the bracelet?"
"I can," Manfred admitted without hesitation.
Vivian couldn't suppress her emotions any longer. "You really are Manfred! This bracelet can only be seen by the two of us. No one else can! Do you remember now? Do you remember how we first met?"
A string of urgent questions spilled from her lips, revealing her desperate need for confirmation.
Manfred's gaze softened, and a gentle smile appeared as if recalling something precious. "The first time we met was at the Atkinson residence. I was living in the most rundown, remote courtyard. If you hadn't appeared and brought me warm clothes and food, don't think I would have survived that winter." 
He remembered now.
In the past two days of unconsciousness, he had drifted through a haze of memories, watching scene after scene unfold before him.
He was sure of it-he had been reborn.
And he was certain of something even more important-Vivian had come to this world with him.
Vivian was overjoyed. "This is amazing! You finally remember! You have no idea how scared I was... I was scared that you weren't the Manfred I knew."
###chapter2005
Manfred gently hummed in response. The emotions in his eyes betrayed his inner turmoil. Without hesitation, he pulled Vivian into his arms. "I was afraid I'd never see you again."
...
Inside the carriage on their way back to Everholm, Vivian recounted everything- how Sterling had taken her, how she had handled him, and how she had ultimately escaped Bowman Residence.
After finishing her story, she took a deep breath, still visibly shaken.
"He's a cunning and ruthless man. You'll have to be careful dealing with him," she warned.
Manfred chuckled. "The Bowmans are in chaos now. He won't have time to come after me. By the time he comes looking for trouble, he probably won't even be able to leave Bowman Residence."
Vivian blinked at his words. "So that's where you disappeared for two days? You went after him, didn't you?"
She knew Manfred well enough-he was never one to sit idly by when there was a target in sight.
Before, the original Manfred in this world had been oblivious to the schemes around him, drifting further down the wrong path. But since Manfred took over, he had seen through everyone's plans and started making calculated moves to fight back.
"Yes, I went to assassinate the head of the Bowman family." Manfred didn't bother hiding the truth from Vivian.
Vivian laughed. "I'm glad you came for me. Otherwise, I wouldn't even know where to hide next."
Upon hearing this, a murderous intent flashed in Manfred's eyes. If he had been any later, Vivian might have been left to wander the streets. Sterling deserved to die!
"Don't worry. I won't let you fall into danger again," he promised.
Vivian felt warmth bloom in her heart. She hummed in response.
Suddenly, something important came to mind. "By the way, how did you come to this world? After I left, what happened to you?" she asked.
She had no idea how much time had passed since she had disappeared. For her, it felt like an instant, but for Manfred, it could have been years.
Manfred's gaze flickered slightly as he thought back to the ten years after Vivian left—a time filled with endless trials and struggles.
He didn't want her to know about his final fate or the devastation he had witnessed after his death.
"I went to the battlefield and became
a general for the Holland troops, leading them to fend off the barbarian invasions. In the end, we won. Afterward, I lived a normal life-aged, died, and found myself here," he said slowly, crafting a beautiful lie. 
As he watched the worry fade from Vivian's face, he silently hoped she would
never know what he had endured.
Before long, they arrived at the Atkinson residence.
Manfred had prepared a wide-brimmed hat for her, one that could conceal her face.
His return with another woman
caught some attention, but it wasn't
surprising. To the Atkinson family,
even if Manfred didn't bring a
nif
woman back, others would find
ways to present women to him. 
The two of them entered Manfred's room.
Vivian had just removed the hat and was about to pour herself a glass of water
when a sudden commotion erupted outside.
"She's gone mad! Mrs. Atkinson's gone mad!"
Within the household, "Mrs. Atkinson" referred to Miley.
bel.n
Miley liked to be called Mrs. Atkinson, even though she wasn't married to Jayden Atkinson. Officially, she was still considered his sister by name, though she was also his lover. 
As a result, the staff in the Atkinson residence saw Miley as the matriarch rather
than Jayden's legal wife.
"Mr. Atkinson-he's going to kill Mrs. Atkinson!"
"What do we do?"
"Quick, find Mr. Manfred! Is he here? Ask Mr. Manfred to come quickly!"
###chapter2006
The people outside were in a complete frenzy. It was clear that Jayden and Miley's relationship had reached its breaking point.
Vivian quickly glanced at Manfred.
Manfred lowered his voice. "Miley's affair with Sterling was exposed to Jayden. Jayden believed that Miley should have only him in her heart, and he can't tolerate her betrayal. As for Miley... I've drugged her. She'll lose control of herself and confess everything about her affairs to Jayden."
He had taken these steps to avoid unnecessary trouble. His patience with the Atkinson family and their constant drama had run thin.
The once-peaceful Everholm had been turned upside down by these feuding families, and the common folk were suffering as a result.
The local government was ineffective, allowing the three major families to run wild, so Manfred had no choice but to step in.
Vivian understood immediately. "You need to be careful with them. Most of these people are completely unhinged."
Manfred's gaze softened with affection. "Don't worry. By the time I come back, no one will dare lay a hand on you."
"Okay."
Manfred left the room.
The door had barely clicked shut when Vivian took a few sips of water. As she set
the glass down, she noticed the bracelet on her wrist glowing again.
This time, however, it wasn't just the faint white glow she had seen outside Everholm-there was a subtle green light as well.
The bracelet had been with her for quite some time now, and at times, it gave her clear intuitions. She gently touched it, pondering its meaning. "Are you telling me that I'll be able to leave soon?"
She paused, frowning slightly. "I can leave, but what about Manfred? What will he do next?"
Suddenly, a thought crossed her mind. "Since Manfred was able to come to this world and we can meet again, does that mean he could come home with me?"
Manfred had always listened attentively whenever Vivian talked about life in the modern world. Even without saying much, she could sense his longing for the society she came from.
Her fingers absently traced the
bracelet as realization dawned. "Why didn't I think of this before? In Manfred's original world, I couldn't take him with me, but here-he's just as much an outsider as I am That
means he has a real chann
of
coming home with me."
Still, it was just a theory and far from confirmed. She might not even be able to
return home, let alone bring Manfred along.
The noise outside grew louder. The Atkinson family was in utter chaos. She could hear Miley's manic laughter and shouting.
"Yeah, I've slept with a lot of people! I've slept with most of the guards in the mansion! What's Sterling to me? What are you to me? I just don't want to get married. I don't want to leave the Atkinson family! 
"I'm just using you! You think you're special? Jayden, you're just a psychopath! You keep saying how good you are to me, how loyal you
are. Do you think I don't know How
many people you've slept with
behind my back? 
"Hahaha... Go ahead. Kill me! I want to see if you dare! You can't do it! I know you can't! Hahaha..."
Those words were enough to confirm that Miley had completely lost her mind.
The Bowman family was already in chaos, and now the Atkinson family teetered on the edge of collapse as well.
Still, Vivian trusted Manfred to handle it. This was the trap he had carefully set. About half an hour later, the sound of Miley's crazed shouting had stopped. Instead, she heard someone yelling, "Mr. Atkinson has killed Mrs. Atkinson! Mrs. Atkinson is dead! Mrs. Atkinson is dead!"
"Mr. Atkinson... Mr. Atkinson is going to kill Mr. Manfred! Someone stop him! Hurry, stop him!"
###chapter2007
Vivian's expression shifted dramatically upon hearing the news. She shot to her feet, ready to leave.
Yet, as she reached the door, she paused. Impulsiveness wouldn't help. The Atkinson family was in utter chaos. If she rushed out now, she could make things worse for Manfred. And even if she did go, there wasn't much she could do to help.
What she could do was ensure she wasn't a burden to him. She had to trust that Manfred would handle things.
Vivian returned to her seat, restless and filled with anxiety.
The waiting was torture. Without realizing it, she took several more sips of water.
Just then, a faint voice interrupted her thoughts.
"Vivian."
The voice was unmistakably Skylar's.
"Mom?"
It was the only thing she heard. There was no other sound after that.
She couldn't help but let out a bitter smile. "It must have been my imagination. I must be missing Mom and Dad too much. They're surely safe at home now, waiting for me. Mom, Dad, don't worry. I'll take care of myself. I'll find a way back to you."
Skylar sat at her vanity, applying light makeup for a meeting with a friend.
Before leaving, she glanced at the copper mirror in front of her.
She smiled gently. "Vivian, we are waiting for you to come back."
Then, she left the bedroom.
Joe had plans to play golf with Jeremy and the others. They were scheduled to meet in an hour, so he had time to drive Skylar to the restaurant.
As they got into the car, Joe turned to her and asked, "Does Aiken know that Wendy and her son are back?"
Skylar replied, "He likely knew. Over the years, Aiken has traveled abroad occasionally, hoping to see Wendy and their son. Wendy didn't want to meet him, but she never stopped their son from meeting him." 
Aiken had never married, and it was well known that he still hoped Wendy would
return. He also longed for their son, Ebenezer Parkinson, to take over the Parkinson family estate.
Wendy, however, had built a life abroad and started her own company. Ebenezer had become a lawyer with no interest in Aiken's fortune.
Despite the distance, their relationship wasn't completely severed. They weren't strangers, just distant.
Meanwhile, Simona and Caleb had become a couple a few years ago. They'd been friends for many years but hadn't crossed that line until Alexander encouraged them. They soon realized how well they suited each other. 
Skylar had met Simona yesterday. Their conversation made it clear that they weren't just settling for companionship.
It wasn't a passionate, whirlwind romance but a steady, enduring love. They held each other in their hearts, and their happiness was evident.
It was hard to believe how many years had passed.
If Skylar had one regret, it would be that Vivian wasn't there with her and Joe. She hoped Vivian would return soon.
Noticing Skylar gazing out the window, lost in thought, Joe asked, "What are you thinking about?"
Skylar snapped out of her reverie,
looking at Joe and smiling. "When I
finished my makeup earlier, I
thought I heard Vivian's voice from the copper mirror. It was probably just my imagination." 
She had turned back and looked at the copper mirror, but there was nothing
unusual, and she didn't hear Vivian's voice again.
She knew it was probably just her imagination.
Joe chuckled. "It's not impossible. Don't forget, back when we were in Graystone before we saw Vivian, we also heard her calling us."
Skylar's eyes lit up. "I remember that!"
"So now, I have a feeling that Vivian will be back soon. Let's just wait patiently." Skylar nodded. "I trust you."
...
The chaos at the Atkinson residence continued through the night, from dusk until well past midnight.
###chapter2008
After midnight, the Atkinson residence grew much quieter.
It wasn't until early morning that Manfred returned. His exhaustion was etched into
his face. A night without sleep, coupled with his injuries and the endless troubles he had faced, had drained him completely.
Vivian hurried to the door to support him as he entered. "Lie down on the bed. Let me check your wounds."
Manfred nodded, and with Vivian's help, he lay down on the bed.
The moment he closed his eyes, his breathing evened out. It was clear he was utterly spent.
Vivian carefully removed his clothes to inspect his injuries. It seemed he had changed the bandages himself the previous day, and his wounds were healing well.
After quickly replacing the dressings, she gently helped him redress and covered him with a blanket.
Just as she turned to rest on a nearby armchair, Manfred suddenly grabbed her hand. "Don't go, Vivian. Don't leave."
Her expression softened as she stopped and looked down at him.
His eyes were still closed, and it seemed he had unconsciously mumbled those words in his sleep, likely caught in a dream.
"Alright, I won't go. If we leave, we'll leave together," she said softly.
...
The next morning, Manfred woke up and updated Vivian on the situation at the Atkinson residence.
Vivian listened, stunned. "Miley is really dead?"
The shouting she'd heard the night before had sounded exaggerated, and she
had assumed Miley was merely injured. After all, Miley was a powerful figure within the Atkinson family, skilled at winning loyalty. With so many followers, it had seemed almost impossible for her to die so easily.
Manfred gave a low hum in
response. "She's as dead as it gets. Jayden was ruthless. He shot her through the heart with one arrow then kept stabbing her in frustration. Miley had also managed to stab him a few times before she died."
Vivian couldn't help but feel a pang of sorrow. Those two had truly gone mad. In
the end, one lost their life, and the other ended up injured.
"I heard someone shouting that Jayden wants to kill you. Why would he want that?" Vivian asked.
After all, Jayden had no other children besides Manfred. The few children he had with Miley were either dead or insane.
The future of the Atkinson family rested solely on Manfred's shoulders.
If Jayden killed Manfred, he would be sending the family into ruin. So, Vivian
couldn't quite understand why Jayden would want to kill him.
Manfred's smile was cold, a glint of calculation flashing in his eyes. "Because I told him the truth. I told him I was the one who drove Miley insane. I made her lose control, and that's why he killed her." 
Those two were bound to die.
Driven by selfish desires, each had pursued their own schemes, especially Miley, who had used negative items to stay in the family and brought even more into the mansion.
She had even teamed up with Sterling to plot against Manfred. Their sins were endless.
A few days later, the atmosphere at the Atkinson residence seemed to grow more peaceful.
Manfred still left early and returned late, but Vivian was now able to wander the mansion without worry.
Manfred had arranged guards to protect her. As for Jayden, he was beyond saving. Manfred told Vivian that everyone in Everholm knew Jayden had killed Miley and fost his mind. 
The Atkinson family was now firmly under Manfred's control. Yet, despite the calm fa?ade, Vivian couldn't shake the feeling that something darker lurked beneath the surface.
So, she stayed hidden within the Atkinson residence, not daring to leave.
One day, someone came looking for her.
###chapter2009
It was a woman around the same age as Vivian.
Not only were they similar in age, but even their facial features bore some resemblance.
"You must be Ms. Martin, right? Everyone in the residence has been talking about you these past few days," the woman, Candice Sutton, said as she sized her up.
Vivian nodded. "Yes, I am."
As soon as she spoke, Candice suddenly dropped to her knees with a thud.
"Please, Ms. Martin, don't send me away! I... I've lost both my parents, and my elder brother and his wife refuse to take me in. They believe I've already lost my virtue and don't want me to bring shame upon them. I have nowhere else to go!
"Please, Ms. Martin, I... I don't ask for much. I'm willing to stay as a concubine! I can help serve Mr. Atkinson alongside you, and I promise I won't cause you any trouble! Please, Ms. Martin, I beg you!"
Tears streamed down Candice's face as she pleaded desperately.
Vivian was momentarily stunned but quickly regained her composure. "You want to be Manfred's concubine, is that it?"
Candice's gaze flickered. She lifted her head to glance at Vivian but quickly lowered it again. "I... When I was sent here, I was told that I was meant to serve Mr. Atkinson."
"I see. Has Manfred seen you? Did he make any arrangements for you?" Vivian asked patiently.
Candice bit her lip, her eyes flickering with a hint of unease. "Mr. Atkinson has seen me and allowed me to stay in the residence for now.
"But in the past two days, Mr. Noah said Mr. Atkinson ordered that all the women sent here be dismissed. I have no other choice but to come to you, Ms. Martin, hoping you won't send me away."
At first, she had believed the rumors outside, thinking that Manfred was a cruel and ruthless man.
But after staying in the Atkinson household for some time, she experienced a life she had never imagined-dressed in fine silks, eating exquisite meals, never worrying about hunger or mistreatment.
And most importantly, Manfred had never harmed her.
Before she arrived, she had only heard rumors of his brutality, but after witnessing things firsthand, she realized he hadn't killed anyone.
Moreover, Manfred was extraordinarily handsome, a rare kind of man. If she could stay as his concubine, she would have no regrets in this lifetime.
Others might have been unwillingly sent away, but she didn't want to go. So, she had to give it a try.
Now that she had finally met Vivian, she suddenly understood why Manfred had allowed her to stay-it was because she bore some resemblance to Vivian. It was this resemblance that had allowed her to
survive until now. 
However, even if she were just a substitute, she was willing.
Vivian had never heard Manfred mention dismissing the women in the residence,
but if he had made such a decision, he must have had his reasons. So...
"I have no say in the matters of the Atkinson family. You're asking the wrong person."
"You're the right person!" Candice insisted. "Everyone in the residence knows that Mr. Atkinson favors you. Even Mr. Noah listens to you. If you plead with Mr. Atkinson, he will definitely let me stay. 
"This is my first time meeting you, but I can already tell you are a kind person.
You wouldn't want to see me homeless, would you?"
Vivian frowned slightly. "I've already told you—I have no say in the Atkinson family's affairs. If you truly want to stay, then see Manfred. He will decide what to do with you."
Vivian knew she wasn't purely kind-hearted. She had her selfish side, and she was capable of scheming when necessary.
She could help those in need, but not at the cost of her own interests. She wasn't generous enough to push women into Manfred's arms.
Candice's expression darkened instantly, turning vicious. "You're just being petty! You don't want me
You're afraid I'll seduce Mr. Atkinson.
around because I resemble you net?
You're afraid that he'll have feelings
for someone else, aren't you?
"I was here before you, so why should you be the one he cherishes while I'm the
one being cast out?"
She had already pleaded with so many people today.
###chapter2010
Candice wanted to see Manfred, but before she could even get close, she was stopped.
They didn't give her the slightest chance to approach him.
Noah, who was in charge of dismissing them, was completely unyielding. He even
threatened her, warning her not to have any foolish ideas.
These people knew nothing of suffering. They had no intention of helping
someone like her, someone born into misfortune.
Vivian had encountered women like her before those who revealed their true nature the moment they failed to get what they wanted.
So, she remained indifferent, neither angry nor emotional. She simply understood that human nature could be this complicated.
"Go back and pack your things. You won't be left on the streets. I believe that when Mr. Noah dismisses you, he'll provide you with some money. With that, you'll still have a chance to build a better life for yourself." Her voice was calm and detached.
Then, she walked past Candice.
Candice bit her lip hard, then suddenly stood up and shouted angrily at Vivian, "You're just lucky! Do you think you're the only one who looks like the woman in the portrait? Fine! I admit, you do have a more deceptive kind of beauty-out of all of us who are being sent away, you are indeed the most beautiful.
"But do you really think Mr. Atkinson will favor you forever? If you want to be the only one in his heart, you should ask yourself if you're even worthy! You refuse to help me today, but mark my words-you'll regret it!
"One day... One day, I will have a better life than you. And who knows? When Mr. Atkinson grows tired of you, he might remember me. When that time comes, I will return to the Atkinson household!"
Vivian stopped in her tracks.
Then, she turned around and looked at Candice, a faint smile on her lips. "I hope you have a wonderful life."
"You-!" Candice hadn't expected Vivian to remain so composed, not only refusing to get angry but even responding with such calmness.
She couldn't even tell if Vivian was upset.
If it had been someone else, someone currently enjoying Manfred's favor, they would have surely been arrogant and dragged her straight to him, demanding an explanation.
ē
That was the opportunity she had been waiting for-the chance to see Manfred. If she could act pitifully in front of him, he would surely take notice and allow her to stay. 
But Vivian didn't fall for it. She had completely avoided her trap.
Just as Candice was about to make one last attempt to turn the situation around, Noah suddenly appeared.
He rushed over in a fury, and before she could react, a harsh slap landed across her face.
The force was brutal.
"Do you even know what you're saying? Do you realize what you've done?" Noah was seething with rage.
He had only looked away for a moment, and yet this audacious woman had managed to slip away and even dared confront Vivian! If Manfred found out, he'd think he was incompetent! 
ет
Candice clutched her stinging face and protested, "Mr. Noah, you should at least let me see Mr. Atkinson! Maybe he'll agree to let me stay! He had met with me alone before-he personally told me i could stay." 
Noah froze. Did Manfred say that?
He turned to Vivian hesitantly. "Ms. Martin, this..."
###chapter2011
Vivian looked at Noah and said, "Since Manfred entrusted you with handling this matter, you should be the one to decide. There's no need to ask me."
With that, she turned and walked away.
She had originally planned to take a casual stroll around the residence, but this unexpected disturbance had completely ruined her mood.
As she left, Noah frowned in thought.
Seeing a glimmer of hope, Candice quickly pleaded her case, "Mr. Atkinson surely won't be willing to let me go. Mr. Noah, just let me see him. I promise he'll allow me to stay. If I can stay, I'll owe you a great favor. Whatever you ask of me in the future, I'll do it."
Noah considered her words carefully. "Fine, I'll give you a chance."
However, an hour later, when Noah brought Candice to meet Manfred, who had just returned to the residence, they had barely spoken two sentences before Manfred coldly ordered them to get out.
The two of them stood there in stunned silence, completely terrified by Manfred's expressionless face.
Before they could plead their case any further, they were thrown out.
Naturally, this matter never reached Vivian's ears.
Manfred was a master at earning people's favors. In just a short time, all those in the Atkinson household who had once questioned him had completely fallen silent.
Time passed quickly.
Viola appeared again, asking the same question as before-whether she wanted to stay in this world and live alongside Manfred.
Though she hesitated, she looked at Viola's kind face and gave the same answer.
"I don't want to stay. I want to return to the modern world with Manfred, to a time when we can live normal lives. Granny, this world isn't real, is it? It's like a game or a story from a novel, right?" 
Viola looked at her with surprise. Then, she slowly smiled.
"Vivian, you're very smart and rational. Even though you love Manfred, you haven't let yourself be completely consumed by emotion." There was admiration in her eyes, along with a hint of relief. 
Vivian gazed at Viola and continued, "Granny, you've been by my side since I was little. You taught me so many things, which is why I trust you completely.
"You were the one who helped me find my parents. So, you also want me to go back and reunite with them, don't you? And you want Manfred to have a family and loved ones as well, right?"
Viola's gaze grew even more affectionate. "You're absolutely right, my clever child. Would you like to hear a story? A story about why I brought you to meet Manfred?"
"I'd love to."
And so, Viola told her a story-one about Manfred and her in their past lives.
When Vivian finished listening, she was utterly shocked. The story Viola told was the same one she had seen in the bronze mirror when she first obtained it.
She and Manfred were the two people from that story. Yet, in their previous lives, they had never ended up together.
Viola was someone Manfred had saved in that past life. If not for him, she would have been run over by a carriage and died. So, she had been searching for a way to repay him.
It had taken her a long time to find both Manfred and Vivian in this life.
As it turned out, she was also deeply connected to Vivian's parents. If not for her help, Skylar would never have gone through everything that led her to meet Joe and eventually give birth to Vivian. 
Everything that had happened was part of fate's plan, but also the result of Viola's intervention.
"So that's how it is. Then, can I bring Manfred back to my world with me?" Vivian asked.
###chapter2012
However, Viola merely smiled at her without giving an answer. Then, she vanished.
Vivian jolted awake.
At the same time, she realized there was someone in her room.
"You're awake?" A man's cold voice slithered through the darkness like a serpent, sending a chill down Vivian's spine.
The dim lighting in the room barely allowed her to make out the figure standing before her.
"Sterling?"
But as soon as she spoke, she felt an overwhelming weakness in her voice. It was as if invisible hands were gripping her throat, making every word difficult to utter.
Sterling took two steps closer, towering over her. "I underestimated you and Manfred. The two of you destroyed everything I had! And left me with nothing! I won't let you get away with it!
"Since Manfred is so deeply devoted to you, let's see if he's willing to give up his life for you!"
"Aren't you afraid of the backlash?" Vivian gasped, completely surprised that Sterling had managed to infiltrate the Atkinson residence.
Just yesterday, Manfred had assured her that Sterling was already too busy struggling for his own survival and that certain members of the Bowman family would likely finish him off within the next two days.
Yet here he was.
Sterling suddenly let out a sinister chuckle and leaned in closer to Vivian.
"Backlash? Do you think I don't know? I found all the talismans you hid in my room!" His voice was filled with venom, his teeth clenched in fury.
That day, after returning to the city from the outskirts, something had felt off. The more he thought about it, the more he realized he had been set up.
And not just any scheme-he had been utterly and completely trapped.
Manfred had struck swiftly and ruthlessly, manipulating the other members of the Bowman family and forcing Sterling to a point of no return.
Never in his wildest nightmares had he imagined that he would end up in such a miserable state!
And all because of Manfred and Vivian in front of him. He would make them pay. Vivian's expression changed drastically.
Before she could react further, darkness overtook her once more.
When she woke again, she was inside a dilapidated temple. It had clearly been abandoned for a long time, the air thick with the musty stench of decay.
As soon as she opened her eyes, she saw Sterling not far away.
The dim lighting last night had obscured his appearance, but now she could see him clearly.
For a moment, she almost didn't recognize him. His face was covered in scars— fresh wounds, barely healed. The sight of them was horrifying.
"Shocked by how I look now?
Haha..." Sterling let out a twisted, hollow laugh. "I planned for everything-yet I never imagined I'd end up like this." 
Vivian quickly regained her composure, her expression turning cold. "When you schemed against others, you should have expected that one day, you'd fall into someone else's trap." 
"Someone else's trap?"
Sterling sneered-then suddenly burst into crazed laughter. "Hahaha! It's not over yet! I haven't lost! Today, I will make sure both you and Manfred die!" 
"You want to take Vivian's life?"
A low, chilling voice suddenly sounded from behind Sterling.
Sterling's body stiffened in shock. It was Manfred.
As Manfred stepped forward, a wave of icy pressure filled the room. His entire
presence exuded an overwhelming sense of menace.
Sterling's eyes widened in horror. He didn't expect Manfred to find them so soon.
Panicking, he grabbed a knife and pressed it against Vivian's neck.
###chapter2013
At that moment, a silver needle shot toward Sterling. It pierced directly into the back of his hand.
The large knife that had been pressed against Vivian's neck instantly clattered to the ground.
Sterling let out a shrill cry of pain.
Manfred strode forward, his gaze fixed entirely on Vivian, scanning her for any injuries. If anyone had looked at his hand just then, they would have seen the veins bulging as he gripped his sword tightly.
"I'm fine!" Vivian hurriedly reassured him. She tried to stand, but her body felt completely drained of strength.
This wasn't the same as being drugged.
It felt like... she was leaving. A surge of panic immediately gripped her.
"Aren't you just a useless fool? You actually know martial arts!" Sterling was shocked, his face twisting with fury as he glared at Manfred.
He had been utterly deceived!
For years, he had believed Manfred to be nothing more than an incompetent weakling, someone he had completely under his control. He had been so close to getting everything he wanted!
Manfred had already reached Vivian's side by then. He wrapped an arm around her, supporting her as she struggled to stand.
Her face was deathly pale, and her eyes shimmered with tears. The moment she got to her feet, she clung tightly to Manfred.
Why now? Why was it happening now?
She had never expected it to come so suddenly. She wasn't ready to leave.
She hadn't even figured out whether she could take Manfred with her. She hadn't spent enough time with him in this world. There were still so many things they hadn't done together.
Seeing the tears welling in her eyes, Manfred thought she was afraid. His voice softened. "Don't be scared. He won't be able to hurt you anymore."
"Not necessarily! Today, I won't just kill her—I'll kill you too! Hahaha! You'll both die! In the end, I will be the one who wins! Manfred, go to hell!"
Sterling grabbed the knife with his uninjured hand and charged at them. It gleamed with a cold, murderous light.
Just as it was about to strike, an arrow flew in from the entrance and pierced straight into Sterling's chest.
His eyes widened in shock as he lowered his head, staring in disbelief at the arrow embedded in his body.
"How... How could this..."
Manfred remained expressionless. "Did you really think I came alone?"
Sterling froze then suddenly burst into crazed laughter.
"Haha! Manfred, you're ruthless! But have you considered this? The Livingston family has also been lying in wait! stepped into this trap willingly-because I planned to drag you to hell with me! The Livingston family will never let you leave here alive!" 
The Livingston family was the third most powerful family in Everholm, but they had always been dissatisfied with their ranking.
Now, with this opportunity handed to them, they would undoubtedly take the chance to eliminate Manfred.
"The Livingston family?" Manfred's
voice was calm and unwavering. "Their head of the family just died at
my hands. From now on, there are no longer three great families in Everholm." 
Sterling's expression froze in shock. His laughter cut off abruptly.
A moment later, his lifeless body collapsed to the ground, his eyes still wide open in disbelief.
Manfred cast a cold glance at the fallen Sterling before turning his attention back to Vivian.
Tears had already spilled from her eyes. Her face was growing even paler.
"I'll take you home. Don't worry-no one in Everholm will ever dare harm you again." Manfred bent down to lift her into his arms.
Vivian shook her head.
"Manfred, can't go back to the Atkinson residence with you. I have to go home. My time here is running out. Listen to me-maybe you can come with me. Do you want to go with me?" 
Her voice was urgent. No one knew how desperate she felt at that moment.
Just as she finished speaking, Manfred saw the emerald bracelet on her wrist suddenly emit a soft green glow and expand rapidly.
The glow soon enveloped Vivian entirely.
His eyes filled with alarm. But, before he could respond, a dense mist suddenly surrounded him.
And then, he was alone. The warmth in his arms had vanished.
Vivian was gone.
###chapter2014
"This matter is now settled. Now, two choices lie before you. First, you lose Vivian forever—this will be the last time you ever see her. Second, you can keep her here, and the two of you will remain in this world together.
"Manfred, this is your final chance."
Suddenly, a shadowy figure emerged from the mist and presented him with two options. Once again, he was forced to make a choice.
He knew that if he chose wrong, he would never see Vivian again.
"Hurry and decide. Don't hesitate. Speak the answer that your heart truly desires," the figure urged.
Manfred closed his eyes, then opened them again almost immediately.
In that brief moment, everything he had experienced with Vivian flashed through
his mind-finally stopping on the image of her face, filled with sorrow and reluctance.
"I choose neither."
A whirlwind of spinning lights and a soft green glow surrounded her.
Vivian lost all sense of consciousness.
At the same time, inside Galaxy Villa, Skylar and Joe were making ravioli together.
The idea had come to them suddenly that evening-they both had a craving for ravioli.
They could have just ordered some from a hotel or even cooked the ones that Edgar had already prepared and stored in the fridge.
But still, they wanted to make them by hand, together.
The large villa was quiet, with only the two of them inside.
Soft music played in the background. One rolled out the dough while the other wrapped the ravioli-working together in perfect harmony.
It was a scene no outsider would believe-who would have thought that Joe actually knew how to roll the dough?
Just then, a flash of green light streaked across the room.
"Vivian?"
Joe turned toward the couch, which was now glowing faintly green.
One look and his eyes widened in shock.
"It's Vivian!"
Skylar immediately put down the ravioli she had just folded and rushed toward the couch with Joe.
Their daughter was lying there on the couch-their daughter whom they had missed day and night.
"Vivian!"
Vivian slowly opened her eyes, her voice still weak. "Mom... Dad... I'm home, aren't I?"
Skylar's eyes filled with tears. "Yes, you're home. Our family is finally reunited."
Realizing she had truly returned, Vivian's eyes welled up as well. But soon, she looked around anxiously.
"Where's Manfred? Did he come back with me? Mom, Dad, did you see Manfred?"
At her words, Joe and Skylar exchanged glances.
It seemed that during this time, Vivian had always been with Manfred.
elaet
Just as they were about to shake their heads, a loud noise suddenly came from outside, like something heavy crashing to the ground. 
"I'll go check." Joe immediately walked toward the door.
The sound had come from outside.
Joe opened the door and went out.
One minute later, he returned, supporting a man dressed in ancient clothing- Manfred.
"Vivian, did you bring this kid back with you too?"
He had just recently dealt with Hadwin, making sure he finally gave
3 is feelings for Vivian. A
here came Manfred. 
But it was obvious that Vivian had feelings for him.
To be fair, Joe approved of him too.
Hearing the commotion, Skylar and Vivian looked up from the couch.
Vivian's tears instantly turned into a bright, joyful smile as she locked eyes with Manfred.
In their gazes was a pure, overwhelming joy—after losing each other, they had been reunited again.
"Manfred," she whispered.
"Vivian," Manfred's voice was weak, but his expression was full of happiness.
He hadn't chosen either of the two
paths. Instead, he had chosen to
follow Vivian to this new, unfamiliar world a world he wanted to
explore a world where he could see Vivian every single day. 
The Novel will be updated first on this website. Come back and continue reading tomorrow, everyone!

